THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

55 GEORGE III. 1815.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1815.

[Price 1l. 15s. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the THIRD Session of the FIFTH Parliament of

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

55 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Service, and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital there. Page 1

2. An Act for directing the Application of the Residuary Personal Estate of Anna Maria Reynolds Spinster bequeathed by her to the Use of the Sinking Fund. 4

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 6

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 8

5. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibid.

6. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England. Ibid.

7. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and for granting and allowing certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof. 9

8. An Act to continue during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize. Page 11

9. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America. 14

10. An Act to make further Provision respecting the Duties payable upon East India Goods, and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goods when imported by Private Traders. Ibid.

11. An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors during the present War. 17

12. An Act to amend several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, to the warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland. Ibid.

13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain cases. 27

14. An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon. 30

15. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition. 37

16. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 38

17. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for the Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 39

18. An Act to settle and secure an Annuity on Lord Walshingham, in Consideration of his Services as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords. Page 40

19. An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland. 42

20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 84

21. An Act for regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

22. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 85

23. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation of Citrat of Lime, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 87.

24. An Act to grant Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from Ireland, in lieu of the Duties of Customs heretofore payable on such Exportation. 88

25. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Brown Linens in Ireland. 93

26. An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn. Ibid.

27. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 96

28. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England. 97

29. An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies, and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America; and also between Malta and the United Kingdom. Ibid.

30. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences. 104.

31. An Act to amend certain Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar, and further to regulate the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies. 113

32. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament with respect to the Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies; and for further continuing, until the End of Six Weeks from and after the Expiration of any Act or Acts of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain certain Countervailing Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, on Mined Sugar. 117

33. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand*= eight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize. Page 120

34. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever. 121

35. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland. Ibid.

36. An Act to grant to His Majesty a Duty of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland. 125

37. An Act to amend several Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar into and from Ireland; and further to regulate the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies. 127

38. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made in Ireland and brought into Scotland, should be removed into England. 129

39. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports. 130

40. An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions three hundred and twenty three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 131

41. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

42. An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes. 132

43. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of false and deficient Measures. 143

44. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the admitting and landing of certain Prize Vessels and Goods in Ireland; to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 146

45. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. 153

46. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England. 155

47. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways. 160

48. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales. 172

49. An Act to procure Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanours. 173

50. An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other fees connected with the Gaols in England. Page 177

51. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates. 180

52. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Acts for charging additional Duties on Copper imported into Great Britain. 191

53. An Act to revive and continue for One Year the Duties and Contributions on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices in Great Britain. 192

54. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and to establish, for Twelve Months, other Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing the rein, in certain Cases. 195

55. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, to contract for the Purchase and Surrender of Crown Leases, and to sell His Majesty's Interest in the Thornhill estate, in the Parish of Stallbridge, in the County of Dorset, and in certain small Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty's Subjects within the Royal Forests; and to remove Doubts as to Estates of The Crown, sold by Order of the said Commissioners, being exempted from the Auction Duty. 211

56. An Act to authorize the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to transfer a certain Sum in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, now standing in the Name of the Corporation of the Chest of Greenwich, into the Name of the said Commissioners; and also to receive such Dividends as are now due upon such Annuities. 220

57. An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts, granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Lose of such Privileges. 222

58. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. 228

59. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, to insure the proper and careful Manufacturing of Fire Arms in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms. Ibid.

60. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the same. 237

61. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles. 280

62. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Duties of Excise in \Ireland on Malt. 291.

63. An Act to repeal the additional Duty on British-made Wine or Sweets granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament. 295

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fisty third Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to the granting Gratuities by the East India Company. Page 295

65. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain. 296

66. An Act for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty-free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen and Cotton; for repealing the Excise Duties on Glauber Salt, and on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland; and to allow a further Drawback on Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol. 300

67. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kept to be let to Hire. 315

68. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads. 321

69. An Act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland. 325

70. An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records of the Court of Session in Scotland. 330

71. An Act to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland. 332

72. An Act to fix the Election for Glamorganshire at a central Place within the said County. 340

73. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Ibid.

74. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service of Great Britain. Ibid.

75. An Act to continue the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution. Ibid.

76. An Act to enable His Majesty, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to accept the Services of the Local Militia, either in or out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions. 343

77. An Act to authorize, under present Circumstances, the Drawing out and Embodying of the British and Irish Militia, or any Part thereof. 344

78. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof. 345

79. An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors, Proctors and Corporate Officers in Ireland. 399

80. An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks and Newspapers, in Ireland. 417

81. An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties in general. 427

82. An Act to grant Duties of Customs, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland. Page 458

83. An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties of Customs on Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, having been imported into either Country from the other. 469

84. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the fixing the Limits of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay; and also so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to granting Letters of Administration to the Effects of Persons dying intestate within the several Presidencies in the East Indies, to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Courts; and to enable the Governor in Council of the said Presidencies to remove Persons, not being British Subjects; and to make Provision for the Judges in the East Indies in certain Cases. 471

85. An Act to amend and continue for One Year and until Twelve Months after the Termination of the present War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Two Acts of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist and serve as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, under certain Restrictions. 479

86. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America. 480

87. An Act to relieve certain Foreign Vessels resorting to the Port of London, in respect of Pilotage; and to regulate the Mode of Payment of Pilotage on Foreign Vessels in the said Port. Ibid.

88. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for rendering more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland.482

89. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for making Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland. 483

90. An Act to explain an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative to Inland Navigations there, so far as relates to the Limitation of Actions against Canal Companies and others. 484

91. An Act for the Payment of Costa and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses, in Cases of Felony in Ireland. 485

92. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Prisons in Ireland, so far as concerns Contracts for building or repairing such Prisons. 486

93. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on, and the Permission to enter for Home Consumption, Silk Handkerchiefs imported by the East India Company. 488.

94. An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. Page 490

95. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on the Importation into Great Britain of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Substances used in the Tanning of Leather; and to grant a Duty in lieu thereof. 506

96. An Act to grant a further Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate to accompany the Title of Earl Nelson, and also to amend Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making such Purchase. 507

97. An Act to grant to the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh a fixed Salary in place of their present Salary and certain Fees and Payments. 515

98. An Act to enable the select Committee on the Downpatrick Election to re-assemble, and to suspend the Transmission of the Warrants and other Proceedings for the Appointment of Commissioners to examine Witnesses in Ireland. 516

99. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Malt made in Ireland. 518

100. An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates in Ireland. 523

101. An Act to regulate the Collection of Stamp Duties on Matters in respect of which Licences may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland. 534

102. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Leather dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or imported from Ireland. 550

103. An Act to regulate the Postage of Ship Letters to and from, Ireland. 551

104. An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licenses to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed. 555.

105. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland. 566

106. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper printed, painted or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Uses. 568

107. An Act to regulate the Appointment of Governors of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin. 571

108. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 574

109. An Act to enable the Sheriff Depute or Substitute and Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmanan, to incarcerate Persons in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling. 641

110. An Act for charging certain Duties on Sweets or Made Wines in Ireland in lieu of former Duties. 642

111. An Act for the better collecting and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland. 643

112. An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. 649.

113. An Act for altering certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Glass; for exempting Irish Glass Bottles from the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for exempting the Leather and Glass of Carriages belonging to certain Persons imported from Ireland for Private Use from Duty. Page 666

114. An Act to augment the Salary of the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, and to enable His Majesty to grant an additional Annuity to such Master of the Rolls, on the Resignation of his Office; and to regulate the Disposal of the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland. 673

115. An Act to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of all the Russias. 677

116. An Act to make further Regulations for the Registry of Ships built in India. 679

117. An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize. 683

118. An Act to regulate the Clearance of Vessels, and Delivery of Coast Bonds, at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain; for exempting certain Ships and Vessels from being licensed by the Commissioners of Customs; for authorizing Officers of the Customs to seize Spirits removing without Excise Permits; and for preventing Frauds in overloading Keels and other Carriages used in conveying Coals for Exportation, or to be carried Coastwise. 686

119. An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Dues. 690

120. An Act to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for the ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof. 602

121. An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges. 697

122. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks; and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. 700

123. An Act for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments taken for erecting Works at and near Portsmouth and Hilsea, in the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament. 702

124. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities. Ibid.

125. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea. Ibid.

126. An Act to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers, Allowances equivalent in Amount to the Half Pay given to British Officers under the like Circumstances. Page 703

127. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores; and to extend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, to all other Public Stores. 704

128. An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire Ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations. 706

129. An Act to increase the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Tobacco; and to limit the Tonnage of Ships in which Wine may be exported when Duties are drawn back. 712

130. An Act for further regulating the Issue and Payment of Money to His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad. 715

131. An Act for discontinuing certain Deductions from Half Pay; and for further regulating the Accounts of the Paymaster General. 716

132. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland respectively. 717

133. An Act to grant further Powers to the Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals with respect to Pensions on those Establishments. Ibid.

134. An Act for altering the Rate at which The Crown may exercise its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there it Lead. 719

135. An Act to alter the Conditions and Regulations under which Blubber and Train Oil of Newfoundland are admitted to Entry. 720

136. An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital of Kilmainham. 721

137. An Act to prevent Poor Persons in Workhouses from embezzling certain Property provided for their Use; to alter and amend so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, as restrains Justices of the Peace from ordering Relief to Poor Persons in certain Cases for a longer Period than One Month at a Time; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating to the Poor. Ibid.

138. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Forest of Exmoor otherwise Exmore, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for inclosing the said Forest. 727

139. An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland, upon Spirits made or diitilled from Corn or Grain. 761

140. An Act to make further Provisions for the Collection of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carriages and Horses; and in respect of Houses in Ireland. 768

141. An Act to amend an Act made in this Session of Parliament to repeal former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges. 760

142. An Act to reduce the Duties on all Sheep Wool the Growth of the United Kingdom, which shall be sold by Auction for the Growers or first Purchasers. 716

143. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges. Page 772

144. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to purchase Premises for the erecting additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices, in Dublin. 777

145. An Act to increase the Allowance to the Post Office in Ireland, in respect of Packet Boats to Great Britain. 781

146. An Act to authorize His Majesty to regulate, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Trade with any French Colony which may come into His Majesty's Possession or remain Neutral. Ibid.

147. An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands, belonging to their Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, so taken in Exchange, to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, dnd for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes. 782

148. An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 794

149. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 795

150. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited. Ibid.

151. An Act to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. 797

152. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, by Chester, and between London and Bangor, by Shrewsbury. 807

153. An Act for granting certain Rates on the Postage of Letters to and from Great Britain, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies; and for making certain Regulations respecting the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain. 813

154. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 825

155. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and Licences imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty; and for enabling His Majesty by Order in Council to modify the Operations of the said Act, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed. 828

156. An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 829

157. An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland, and for empowering the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain. Page 837

158. An Act to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sums for Constables in Ireland, and for the secure Conveyance of Prisoners. 840

159. An Act to amend several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches; for authorizing the licensing of an additional Number of Hackney Chariots; and for licensing Carriages drawn by One Horse. 843

160. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy during the present War. 848

161. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising on Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 876

162. An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Epsom Salt. 879

163. An Act to regulate the issuing of Licences to allow Open Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and for revoking the same when necessary. Ibid.

164. An Act to exonerate, in certain Cases, Foreign Spirits imported during the Suspension of the Spirit Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, from the additional Duty imposed thereon. 881

165. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 882

166. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 890

167. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 893

168. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ireland. 895

169. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. 896

170. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the same. 899

171. An Act to continue for One Year certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. Page 900

172. An Act to provide for the Support of Captured Slaves during the Period of Abjudication. Ibid.

173. An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France. 903

174. An Act to extend the Exemption granted by Law on Coals and Culm for which the Coast Duties have been duly paid, on being again exported and carried to any other Place in this Kingdom, to Cinders or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, which has paid the Coast Duties. 909

175. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation. 910

176. An Act for allowing certain Tiles to be made Duty-free to serve for Draining. 911

177. An Act for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Manufacture of Sweets. 912

178. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. 914.

179. An Act to revive, amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to repeal certain Laws relating to the Allowance of Salt, Duty-free, for the North Seas and Iceland Fisheries. Ibid.

180. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. 922

181. An Act for charging an additional Duty on certain Seeds imported. Ibid.

182. An Act to authorize the Directors General of Inland Navigation in Ireland to proceed in carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon. 923

183. An Act to repeal the Bounties payable in Ireland on the Exportation of certain Calicoes and Cottons. Ibid.

184. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 924.

185. An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. 1040

186. An Act for granting an additional Sum of Money for providing a suitable Residence and Estate for the Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the Public. Page 1049

187. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1052

188. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant to John Francis Erskine of Mar Esquire, and His Heirs and Assigns, the Feu Duties and Quit Rents arising in the Lordship of Stirling, in Discharge of a Debt of greater Value created upon the said Feu Duties by a grant from His Majesty King George the First. 1067

189. An Act for allowing Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, to brew Duty-free a Quantity of Strong Beer, the Duty on which will be equivalent to the Duty on the Beer lost, and to the Duties on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the Beer so lost. 1069

190. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock; and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest. 1076

191. An Act to authorize the Appointment of Commissioners for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin. 1105

192. An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Disposition of of Estates by Will. 1106

193. An Act to enable His Majesty, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to regulate the Trade and Commerce carried on between His Majesty's Subjects and the Inhabitants of the United States of America. 1107

194. An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales. 1108

195. An Act for exonerating the Estates and Effects of the late Sir James Colebrooke, the late Sir George Colebrooke, Arnold Nesbit, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Adam Drummond and Moses Franks, and of their Sureties, from all Claims and Demands whatsoever in respect of any Contracts entered into with His Majesty's Government. 1119

196. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Six Millions for the Service of Great Britain. 1120

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County. Page 1121

ii. An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

iii. An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for raising a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Works. Ibid.

iv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Epsom through Ewell to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Litton; and across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, all in the County of Surry. 1128

v. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

vi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation to raise Money for discharging the Debts of the said Company. Ibid.

vii. An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting, watching, cleansing, widening and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burtryford, in the County of Durham, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

ix. An Act for erecting a Shire Hall, Courts of Justice and other Buildings, for Public Purposes; and for providing suitable Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, in and for the County of Hereford. 1129

x. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Stanhope, by Edmonbyers, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Greenhead, in the Parish of Shotley, in the County of Northumberland. 1157

xi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xii. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge. 1158

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Elland Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, to join the Dewsbury and Elland Turnpike Road, at or near to a certain Obelisk belonging to Sir George Armytage Baronet, in the Parish of Dewsbury, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Page 1158

xiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Haslingden, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making and maintaining several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Roxburgh, and other Roads connected therewith, leading into the Counties of Berwick, Northumberland and Durham. Ibid.

xviii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xix. An Act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also to make a new Road from Burslem aforesaid to Cobridge, and a Branch therefrom to Burslem Church. 1159

xx. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parish Church of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. Ibid.

xxi. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building a new Church at Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxii. An Act to light, watch, pave, cleanse and improve the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide Fire Engines and Firemen for the Protection of the said Borough. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act to alter, extend and amend the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better paving, lighting and watching the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving certain plots of Ground belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton, and other Persons, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing and improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for Watching the said Town. Page 1159

xxvii. An Act for dividing, inclosing and selling the Waste Lands, and Lammas and other Commonable Rights, in the City and County of the City of Lichfield; to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places, within the City of Lichfield, and the Suburbs thereof; and for better supplying the said City with Water. 1160

xxviii. An Act for building a Market House in the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; and for better paving, lighting, widening and improving the Streets and other Public Places within the said Borough. Ibid.

xxix. An Act to rebuild the Bridge in Bird Street, otherwise Bridge Street, in the City of Lichfield. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for rebuilding Tempsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a County Hall and other Offices for the County of Perth. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, to communicate with the Road at or near the Sixth Milestone from Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Cow Cawsey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton and Perth. 1161

xxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, and from the Town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the County of Huntingdon, so far as respects the Middle Division and separate District of the said Roads. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Halifax and Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Heron Syke to Kirkby in Kendal, and from thence through Shap, to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Westmorland; and for making a new Road from the said Road, at a Place called Far Cross Bank, near Kirkby in Kendal, to communicate with the intended Canal from Lancaster to Kirkby in Kendal, and to join the said Road at or near a Place called The Lound, near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford. Page 1161

xxxix. An Act to amend several Acts of His present Majesty, for making the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xl. An Act for establishing a Navigable Communication between the Birmingham Canal Navigations and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, and amending certain Acts passed relative thereto. Ibid.

xli. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of their Works. 1162

xlii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, and other Purposes; to provide for the Expence of the Prosecution of Felons in certain Cases; and to establish a Police and Nightly Watch in the Town, Borough and Neighbourhood of Leeds aforesaid. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for paving the Foot Ways and Cross Paths, and lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public passages and Places, in the Borough or Town of Andevor, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Thomas, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

xlv. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry to provide a proper Place for the depositing and preserving the Public Records of the said County, together with a Residence for the Clerk of the Peace, for the safe Custody of such Records, and convenient Offices for transacting his Business; and also to settle a Table of Fees to be taken by such Clerk of the Peace. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act to enable the Union Society for effecting Insurance from Fire, and the Union Life Office for effecting Insurances on Lives and Survivorships, and for granting and purchasing Annuities, to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary for the time being. 1168

xlvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Public Road from or near Killaganoon Corner, in the Parish of Feock, in the County of Cornwall, to the Village of Flushing, in the Parish of Mylor, in the same County. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surry, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County. 1169

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Jesus Lane in the Town of Cambridge, to Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

l. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Highgate Gate House, in the County of Middlesex, to the Thirteen Milestone near Gannick Corner, in the Parish of South Mims, in the said County. Ibid.

li. An Act for amending the Road from Keighley to Bradford, and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom all in the West Riding of the County of York. Page 1169

lii. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, leading to the Borough of Launceston. Ibid.

liii. An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

liv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Uttoxeter to Stoke, near Stone, and from Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Derwent at East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of York to the Town of Kingston upon Hull, at a certain Place there, called Street Bridge, in the Township of Pocklington, in the said Riding. 1170

lvi. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard and providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Helen, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for paving or gravelling, watching and lighting certain Places situate on the West Side of the Turnpike Road in Kentish Town, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein. Ibid.

lix. An Act to repeal an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watchhouse in Edmonton formerly stood to the Market Place in Enfield, and from Newington Green to Bush Hill, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; and to provide for more effectually repairing the said Roads, and for lighting, watching and watering several Parts thereof. Ibid.

lx. An Act for repealing an Act of His present Majesty, for the Repair of several Roads in the Counties of Somerset, Devon and Dorset, leading to the Town of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and repairing a Road from Chard to the Honiton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Uppottery, in the County of Devon, and for more effectually repairing the Residue of the Roads comprised in the said Act. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into and through the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith. 1171

lxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Fisherton, Wilton, Heytesbury and other Places in the County of Wilts, and for diverting the Line of Part of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Scaddow Gate, in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, and certain Roads therein mentioned, and to make and maintain other Roads to communicate therewith. Page 1171

lxiv. An Act for making further Provision for the Secretary and Usher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Sheffield to Tinsley, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1177

lxvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete and extend their Works, and for better supplying the said Canal with Water; and also for vesting in Trustees for the said Company of Proprietors, His Majesty's Right and Interest in certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of King's Norton and Northfield, in the County of Worcester, forfeited to The Crown. 1178

lxvii. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Northern Light Houses to erect Light Houses on the Isles of Man and Calf of Man. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and Public Places within Part of the Precinct of Saint Katherine, in the County of Middlesex. 1181

lxix. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for establishing a Church or Chapel in Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for widening, altering and rebuilding Ouse Bridge, in the City of York, and for widening certain Streets, and making other Improvements in the said City. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River of Ross, at the Town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Paisley and County of Renfrew. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Womborne to Princes End, and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penn, and thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and Other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Old Stratford, and to be continued from the same Turnpike Road at the Town of Stony Stratford, to the Town of Newport Pagnall, in the County of Bucks. 1182

lxxvi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, For repairing the Road from Southwark to Deptford, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for lighting, watching and cleansing certain Parts thereof, and other Places in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surry. Page 1182

lxxvii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer, in the County of Louth. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution called The Caledonian Asylum, for supporting and educating Children of Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, Natives of Scotland, and of indigent Scotch Parents resident in London, not entitled to Parochial Relief. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for defraying the Expence incurred in rebuilding the Parish Church of Hanworth, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to amend several Acts for the Management and Direction of the Meath Hospital, or County of Dublin Infirmary, and for the better regulating the same. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for the more equal Assessment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork, and for a new Valuation of the said City and Survey of the Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes relative to Grand Juries. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money to complete the Montgomeryshire Canal, and to extend the Power of deviating from, and making certain Alterations in Part of the original Plan, and for explaining and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty for making the said Canal. 1183

lxxxiv. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts made in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Support and Maintenance of Ramsgate Harbour, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for providing a Market for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for embanking and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Benington, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in and leading through and from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing the Road from Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Chesterfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the West and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Forty in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and also for making a new Branch of Road from King David Lane, Shadwell, to the Essex Road at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex. Page 1183

xc. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford, and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill, in the County of Hertford. 1184

xci. An Act for enlarging and improving the West End of Cheapside, in the City of London, also Saint Martin's le Grand, Aldersgate Street, Saint Anne's Lane and Foster Lane, and for providing a Site for a new Post Office between Saint Martin's le Grand and Foster Lane aforesaid. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Marshes, and other Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Wormegay, Shouldham, Marham, Middleton, Pentney, East Winch and West Bilney, in the County of Norfolk. 1236

xciii. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to provide convenient Courts of Justice in and for the said City. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge across the River Isis, in or near the City of Oxford, called Folly Bridge, otherwise Friar's Bridge, and for widening the same Bridge and improving the Approaches thereto. 1246

xcv. An Act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for repairing the Road from Reading to Speenhamland and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said County. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for building a new Church, and also a Workhouse, in the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for building a new Prison in the City of London, and for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate. Ibid.

xcix. An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits. 1247

c. An Act for draining and allotting Otmoor, in the County of Oxford. 1261

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Agmondesham otherwise Amersham in the Counties of Buckingham and Hertford. Page 1262

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Headon cum Upton, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

3. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Heydon, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smallburgh, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Tithing of Hawley, in the Parish of lately, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke next Nayland, Nayland, Wiston otherwise Wissington, Assington and Polstead in the County of Suffolk. 1263

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dundry in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Manby in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Caton, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Redgrave and Hamlet of Botesdale, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rickinghall Superior, Rickinghall Inferior and Hindercley, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weston Market, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

14. An Act for vesting Part of the Residuary Estate of Hannah Silcock Widow, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell and dispose of the same; and to lay out the Money arising therefrom, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses. Ibid.

15. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages and other Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand otherwise Strand otherwise Savoy, formerly the Estate of James Joye Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon the Trusts in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and thirty five, declared concerning the same Hereditaments. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Burton in Kendal, in the several Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster; and for converting the same into Stinted Pasture. Page 1264

17. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings of Bourton, Easton, Horton, Nursteed and Week, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Shipley, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Grasby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Brodsworth, in the County of York. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dewlish in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Melsonby, in the County of York. Ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Brampton, Wath upon Dearne and Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Necton otherwise Neighton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corscombe, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of South Runcton and Holme, otherwise Runcton Holme, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Appletreewick, in the Parish of Burnsal, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hilperton and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Miserden otherwise Miserdine, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

30. An Act for inclosing the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

31. An Act for inclosing Harwich Moor, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Stansfield, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. Ibid.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of Witherslack, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rumworth, and Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

35. An Act for inclosing Wisewood Common, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York. Ibid.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thornhill, in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1266

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangeinwen and Llanbed'r New borough, in the County of Anglesea. Ibid.

38. An Act to carry into Effect the Contracts made for the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates of the most Noble Henry Pelham, Duke of Newcastle, situate in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and to supply the Defects occasioned by the Loss of the Conveyances thereof to the Purchasers. Page 1266

39. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, in the County of Somerset, of Sir Henry Strachey Baronet, in Trustees upon Trust, to be sold, and for in vesting the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the former Uses, and for enabling the Trustees to concur in making a Partition of such of the same Estates as are now held by Sir Henry Strachey and other Persons in undivided Shares. Ibid.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Sutton, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Hutton Roof, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Breadsall, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hartlebury, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of Worcester. 1267

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in Brampton, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hindringham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Aston Rogers and Coundy in the County of Salop. Ibid.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Marcham, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

48. An Act for explaining and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, in the Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson and Cricklade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

49. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Wsute Grounds, within the Parish of Willesden, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton Lovell, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke otherwise Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, and Hamlet of Winnold, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

52. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

53. An Act for empowering the Trustees under the Will of James Milnes Esquire, deceased, to effect a Partition of the Estates whereof undivided Shares were devised by such Will. 1268.

54. An Act to enable the Devisees in Trust and Executors named in the Will of William Nunn Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases of his Residuary Leasehold Estates. Ibid.

55. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common or Commonty of the Lomonds of Falkland, in the Parishes of Falkland and Strathmiglo, in the County of Fife. Ibid.

56. An Act for enabling the Sale of all or any Part of the Stocks already transferred in Redemption of Part of the Annuity of Six thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds, payable out of the Consolidated Fund in lieu of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines granted by King Charles the Second to Henry First Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Stocks which shall be transferred in Redemption of the Remainder of the same Annuity, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands and Hereditaments and for other Purposes. Page 1268

57. An Act for vesting the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Burslem, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the net Monies thence arising in providing a Parsonage House for the said Rectory, and in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled and annexed thereto. Ibid.

58. An Act for vesting certain Hereditaments devised by the Will of Thomas Skip Dyot Bucknall Esquire deceased, called The Dyot Estate, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

59. An Act for uniting the Vicarage and Rectory of Bishopstone, in the County of Wilts, and within the Diocese of Salisbury, into one Rectory, with Cure of Souls. Ibid.

60. An Act for exonerating certain Tithes in the Manor of Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Four several Annuities, and from the Repairs of the Chapel of Shireoaks, and for charging Freehold Lands and the Tithes thereof, within the same Manor, with the future Payment of the said Annuities, and with the said Repairs. Ibid.

61. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Winchester to grant Leases of Lands allotted to him under an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for disafforesting the Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. 1269

62. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Francis Boynton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold. Ibid.

63. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain settled Estates of Ann Powell, Widow, and Elizabeth Parry, and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

64. An Act for enabling Nathanael Bishop Esquire to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement for a Building Lease of a Part of his Settled Estate, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, entered into by him with Robert Clarke Gentleman and Henry Richardson Gentleman. Ibid.

65. An Act for exchanging certain Fee Simple Estates of the Reverend John Dampier Clerk, in the County of Somerset, for certain Settled Estates of the said John Dampier and Mary Charlotte his Wife, in the same County. Ibid.

66. An Act for effectuating an Agreement for Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rector of the Parish Church of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, for the Use of the Royal Military Asylum. Ibid.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chitterne Saint Mary and Chitterne All Saints, in the County of Wilts, and for repealing an Act passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Chitterne Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts. Page 1269

68. An Act for enlarging and repairing the Parish Churches of East and West Teignmouth, in the County of Devon, and for authorizing the Sale of divers Hereditaments in East and West Teignmouth, Islington and Highweek, in the said County; and for discharging the Expences to be occasioned thereby. Ibid.

69. An Act for better carrying into Execution the Trusts of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent. 1270

70. An Act for vesting in a new Trustee upon the subsisting Trusts, certain Estates of John Mason Esquire, deceased, now vested in Infant Trustees. Ibid.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

72. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Woolavington and Graffham, in the County of Sussex.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cottingham cum Middleton, in the County of Northampton.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ilminster, in the County of Somerset.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Packwood, in the County of Warwick.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Bergholt, in the County of Suffolk.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships, Hamlets or Manors of Youlgreave and Middleton by Youlgreave, both in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

78. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Knock, in the Parish of Long Marton, in the County of Westmorland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

79. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Papworth Everard, in the County of Cambridge.

80. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Barston and Berkswell, in the County of Warwick.

81. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gwnnws, and several other Parishes therein mentioned, and in the Township of Llanrhystid Mevenidd, in the County of Cardigan.

[Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of Land Revenues, to appoint Assistant Commissioner, Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as Lord of the Manor of Mevenidd. His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before execution of Award. Extract of Award relating to His Majesty's Allotment to be sent to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues - His Majesty's Rights set forth in Award. Proviso for His Majesty's Right to Mines and Minerals.]

82. An Act for continuing and confirming on Sir Henry Halford Baronet, and the Heirs Male of his Body, the Surname and Arms of Halford only.

83. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement between the Right Honourable Stephen Earl of Mount Cashel, and John Power of Affane, in the County of Waterford, Esquire, for the Surrender to the said Earl of a Lease for Lives, renewable for ever, of certain Lands of Kilcorroon, called Doon, in the County of Tipperary, comprised in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of the said John Power with Ann his Wife, deceased.

84. An Act for effecting a Partition between Thomas Coulthard and James Batlin Coulthard Esquires, of Estates in the County of Southampton.

85. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isle Abbots, Fivehead, Swell, Curry Mallett, Curry Rivell, Beercrocombe, Ashill Ilton, White Lackington, and Isle Brewers, in the County of Somerset,

86. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Hamlet of Lottie Rowsley, in the Parish of Darley, in the County of Derby,

87. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Freckenlam, in the County of Suffolk,

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

88. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chard, in the County of Somerset.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Noneley, in the Parish of Loppington, and County of Salop,

90. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Chipping Barnet and East Barnet, in the Parish of Barnet, in the County of Hertford,

[No Lease of Lands, by Rector of Barnet, without Consent of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the said Rectory,]

91. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Rowington and Bushwood, in the Parishes of Rowington, Old Stratford and Lapworth, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

92. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maenclochog, Llangolman and Llandilo, in the County of Pembroke.

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Uffculme, Halberton and Willand, in the County of Devon.

94. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Langham, in the County of Norfolk,

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

95. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Piddletrenthide otherwise Colliers Piddle, in the County of Dorset.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thompson, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

97. An Act to exonerate certain Estates and Trust Money from the Payment of a Jointure Annuity settled upon the Right Honourable Margaret Lady Sommers, and from Portions settled on the younger Children of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, by the said Margaret Lady Sommers, his Wife, and for charging the same upon other Manors and Estates in the County of Worcester, and for confirming a Decree of the Court of Chancery, and other Purposes relative thereto.

98. An Act for vesting a settled Estate of George Marriott in him in Fee Simple, and for settling another Estate in lieu thereof.

99. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Collingbourn Kingston, and Burbage, and in the Tithing of Poulton, in the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Wilts.

100. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or District of Caereinion Uchoed, in the County of Montgomery.

101. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hepworth, in the County of Suffolk.

102. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Liberty of Yeftley, otherwise Iffley, within the Manor and Parish of Yeftley otherwise Iffley, in the County of Oxford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

103. An Act to enable Abraham Gray Harford Esquire, and his Heirs, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Battersby, pursuant to the Will of William Battersby Esquire.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Archibald John Earl of Rosebery with Harriet Countess of Rosebery his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

105. An Act to enable Henry Thomas Esquire, and his Issue, to use and bear the Surname and Arms of Greene, pursuant to the Will of his maternal Grandfather Henry Greene, Clerk, deceased.

106. An Act for confirming the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Parish of Bourne, in the County of Southampton, so far as relates to certain Allotments made to Elizabeth Carter Widow and John Carter deceased.

107. An Act for enabling the surviving Trustee of Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Samuel Egerton Bridges Baronet, vested in Trustees by an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Trust, to be sold or exchanged, to convey the same to the subsisting Uses, discharged of the Trusts of the said Act.

108. An Act for enlarging and rendering more effectual certain Powers granted to the Trustees of the Chapelry of Smethwick, in the County of Stafford.

109. An Act for enabling Charles Newdigate Parker, calling himself Charles Newdigate Newdegate Esquire, to take the Name and Arms of Newdegate; and also for extinguishing a certain Rent Charge (subject to a Life Estate in Part thereof) pursuant to certain Conditions contained in the Will and Codicil of Sir Roger Newdigate Baronet, deceased.

110. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Moulsey and West Moulsey, in the County of Surry.

[Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as Lords of the Manor of East Moulsey otherwise Moulsey Prior; and for making Compensation for Tithes. Extract of Award relating to His Majesty's Allotment sent to Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue. His Majesty's Allotment may be sold before Execution of Award. Proviso for His Majesty as Lord of the said Manor.]

111. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Charles Christie Esquire with Thomasine his now Wife, and for enabling him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Diston Powles, with Louisa his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Eighth Day of November 1814, being the Third Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Service, and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital there.

[26th November 1814.]

---

WHEREAS it is just that Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, Should be rewarded for long and faithful Services: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, have, by virtue of the several Laws now in force, Power and Authority to grant Out Pensions for the Relief and Support of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, serving, or who may have served on board the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty,

who, on account of the Length of their Service and their good and faithful Condust, may be deferring thereof, unless such Seamen and Marines shall have become worn out or decrepit in His Majesty's Service j and it is therefore expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and effectual Prorifion made for enabling the said Commissioners and Governors to grant such Pensions and Rewards: And Whereas it is also expedient that the Funds belonging to the Chest at Greenwich should be transferred to and incorporated with the Funds of Greenwich Hospital, and be hereafter admitriftered by the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, for the Purposes aforesaid, and the other Purposes of the said Hospital

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commit- pensions to hooen and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, by and out of their Seamen not dif-present Funds, and by and out of any Funds which may be by tins shied. 55G10.IIL B Act,

C.I.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Regulations for Pensions.

Chest at Greenwich diOolved.

Funds of Chest carried to Funds of Hospital

Stock in Hands of other Persons transferred.

Act* or at any time hereafter, given or transferred to or to the Use. of the said Royal Hospital, to grant Pensions, Remunerations or Allowances, to Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, who on account of the Length of their Services and good and faithful Conduct may be deemed deserving thereof, in like manner as Pensions, Remunerations and Allowances, are now granted to Petty Officers, Seaman and Marines, who have been wounded or become disabled or worn out in His Majesty's Service.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital shall, in granting Pensions, be hereafter guided by such Rules and Regulations, and by such Scale and Proportion, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit by any Order in Council from time to time to order, direct or establish for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Body Politic and Corporate of the Supervisors of the Chest at Greenwich (0) shall be and the same is hereby declared to be utterly and for ever dissolved and extinguished; any Law, Statute or Charter, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all Powers, Authorities and Duties, now existing in or exercised by the Supervisors of the said Chest at Greenwich, shall be and are hereby.conveyed, transferred and given to and imposed upon the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital.

(a) 43 G. 3. c. 119. 1. 46 G. 3. r. 101.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Defalcations, Dedudfton* and Abatements, heretofore or at the time of passing this Act made* from and out of the Wages of Mariners, Seamen and others, in His Majesty's Navy, and all Fines and Mulfts imposed by Naval Courts Martial, and the Per Centage from and out of the net Proceeds t of all Prizes taken by any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's ^Pay, and from and out of the Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty Bills, which are now paid and applied to and to the Use of the said Institution, called "The Chest at Greenwich" together with all other Arrears, Revenues or Property of any Description belonging to the said institution, shall, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be vested in and for ever thereafter belong to the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, as Part of the Funds of the said Hospital, and be paid, transferred and made over to the Treaftirer of Greenwich Hospital, in Aid of the Purposes of this Act, and the General Funds of the said Hospital.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Stock, Annuities or other Monies shall, upon the First Day of January One thousand eight. Hundred and fifteen, be Handing or being in Trull for or for the Use or Benefits the said Chest, or in whom any Stock, Annuities or other Monies hath or have been inverted' for or for the Use or Bfenefifc of the said Chest, and the Suryitors and the Stirviyor of., them, or the Executors or Administrator^Vof such Survivor. ffialJ, as foofl as [conveniently may be aft^r the.Md First Day jnyxfaHuary*One llwmfiind' eight Hundft^and fif 4

Stdoi^Atoirtutie?^

of this Act j and the said Stock, Annuities or other Monies when so transferred, and the Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners and Governors in carrying this Act into Execution, shall be under and subject to the same Checks, Controul and Directions, as the other Funds of the said Hospital now are.

VI. And be it further enacted, That* in order to make Com- Compensation pensation to such Person or Persons as may happen to be removed to Officer*, under and by virtue of this Act from any Offices, Places or Employments in the Affairs of the said Chest, now held and enjoyed by them with Salaries annexed thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Governors, and they are hereby directed and required, to pay and allow to all and every such Person and Persons (not being again appointed to the like or any other Offices, Places or Employments in the Affairs of the said Hospital under and by virtue of this Act, hot vacating such their said Offices,

Places or Employments on any account which would have vacated the same before the passing of this Act) such Sum and Sums of Money, and payable at such, time or times, as and for Compensation for the Loss of any such Offices, Places or Employments to each of such respective Persons, as to the said Commissioners and Governors, or the major Part of them, in their Discretion shall seem fit; and that all such Allowances shall be defrayed and paid out of the General Funds of the said Hospital.

VII. And be it further enacted, That one fit and proper Person Appointment of shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, Accountant and be nominated and appointed to be the Accountant and Paymaster of ^ayma^er*

Pensions in the said Royal Hospital, and with such Clerks under

him, with such Salaries and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners and Governors shall direct; which said Accountant or Paymaster and Clerks shall be appointed to and removable from their said Offices respectively, under the same Rules and Regulations as at present exist with regard to the other Officers of the said Hospital, except the Governor and Treasurer thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Paymaster of Duty of Pay-Pensions is hereby required, authorized and empowered to do and matter of perform all Acts and Duties relating to or concerning all Out Pen- Pensions.

Sons heretofore or hereafter to he granted from the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, which Acts and Duties are at present performed or required by Law to be performed with regard to such Pensions, or with regard to Pensions now granted from the Funds of the said Chest by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or the said Accountant of the Chest at Greenwich respectively; and that the Signature, Acts and Deeds of the said Paymaster, with regard to all such Pensions as aforesaid, shall be of as full Value and Effect for all Purposes whatsoever, as if such Signature, Act or Deed were the Signature, Act or Deed of the said Treasurer or Accountant respectively. '

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Paymaster not herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable or to draw Money authorize the fin^JPaylalafter to draw any Monies out of the Bank gut of Bank>&c*

C. 1, 2.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Paymaster's letters free.

regard such Sums as may be by the said Treasurer transferred* delivered or paid to the said Paymaster for the Payment or Discharge of the said Out Pensions; for all which Sums of Money the said Paymaster shall be accountable, and shall account in such manner, and according to such Regulations and Restrictions as are at present enforced with regard to Allowances now issued for the said Purposes, or which may De hereafter laid down and established by the said Commissioners and Governors, or other sufficient Authority.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Letters and Packets addressed to the said Paymaster for the time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Hospital shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be free from the Duty of Postage; and also, that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Paymaster of the said Hospital, relating to Out Pensions, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage, and all Letters and Packets relating to Out Pensions shall be under Cover, with the Words " Out Pensions, pursuant to Act of Parliament Fifty fifth George Third" printed upon the same; and the said Paymaster or his Chief Clerk shall write his Name under the same; and if any such Paymaster or Chief Clerk shall fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Pareel, other than those relating to the Out Pensions of the said Hospital, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, as soon as conveniently may be after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to call in and retain such Pension Tickets as shall have been granted by the Directors of the Chest, and in lieu thereof grant other Tickets to the same or greater Amount, as the case may require, in the Form now by Law established for the Out Pension Tickets of the said Hospital.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions, former A6h ex- Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains, as well of Death as otherwise, tended to Act and all Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, contained in any Act or Acts now in force relating to Out Pensions granted by the CommissionerB and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, shall be applied and put in force for the Purposes of this Act, and with respect to the Pensions to be granted in pursuance hereof, and for carrying the same into full Execution and Effect.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See cap. 56. poJl.-\

CAP. II.

An Act for directing the Application of the Residuary Personal Estate of Anna Maria Reynolds Spinster, bequeathed by her to the Use of the Sinking Fond.

[26th November 1814.]

Cleveland Raw, y.df

Sending, &c. other Writing, &c.

[Penalty.]

Pension Tickets called in.

Provisions of

Act akered, &c.

A.D. 1815.

5

55 GEO. III. C. 2.

Testament made and published the third Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, among other things, bequeath to the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and their Successors, all the Rest, Residue and Remainder, of her Estates and Effects, after Payment of her Debts and Funeral Expences, and certain Legacies bequeathed by the said Will and

Two Codicils thereto, dated the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, and the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, to be applied by them to the Use of the Sinking Fund, in such manner as should be directed by Act of Parliament: And Whereas the Sum of Thirty four thousand and Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two pence Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, Three thousand five hundred Pounds Stock in the Five Pounds per Centum Navy Annuities, and Three hundred Pounds Long Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, Parts of the Residuary Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, have been transferred in the

Books of the Bank of England into the Names of the Right Honourable Robert Banks Earl of Liverpool, the Right Honourable Nicholas Fanfittart, the Honourable Berkeley Paget, the Right Honourable William Lowther, commonly called Viscount Lowther, and Charles Grant, junior, Esquire, being Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the Sum of Five thousand and

sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Stock in the Old South Sea Annuities, other Part of the said Residuary Estate, has been transferred in the Books of the South Sea House into the Names of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury;

and it is expedient that the manner of applying the said Annuities and all othor Annuities and Sums of Money which may have been or may be derived from the Residuary Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds to the Use of the Sinking Fund should be directed by Act of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Treasury to shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners transfer certain of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the time Am1*'8 to being, and they are hereby respectively required to transfer the several Annuities hereinbefore mentioned, and to transfer and pay National Debt.

all such further Annuities and Sums of Money as may have been or

may hereafter be paid or transferred to them from the Residuary

Personal Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, and all Interest

and Dividends accrued or which may accrue therefrom, unto the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and that the said last mentioned Commissioners shall apply the said Annuities and Monies to the Reduction of the National Debt, in the same

way and under the same Regulations as any other Funds in their

Hands may bf by Law applicable to that Purpose; provided that it

shall be lawful for them, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury or any.

Three of them so^the time being, to fell and convert into LJoney. any <jf the said Misties if it ftian be more convenient for the public Service so ttwloj % apply "the Money arising from thence 6 the Roduftkm of the National Debt in manner aforesaid.

I*

Receipts of Treasury sufficient Discharge to Executor.

Commissioners of Land Tax appointed by 54 G. 3. c. 190. to put this Act in Execution.

3*0.3. c. 5.

38O.3. c. 60. 10*.

C. 2, 3. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Receipt given or to he hereafter given by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the time beinfr, for any Part of the said Residuary Estate of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, shall be a valid Discharge in Law to the Executor or other Personal Representative of the said Anna Maria Reynolds, for so much Stock or Money as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred, and fifteen.

[1st December 1814.]

XIX. AND be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as lait aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforep said Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Pepfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty'fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing Commijponers for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the same A As within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tape to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, in that behalf, shall, together with any other Persons that may oe appointed by any Act (a) to be made in this Session of Parliament, be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Con liable wicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Pprts, Towns, Divisions and Peaces respectively.

(a) ISeepofl. c. 150.

XXXIX. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty*eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

A.fl.i'Stit. s; ' GEO. III.

7

Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh 7 G. 3- c. 13*Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act 34 G. 3. c. 4.

made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His prefer* jj*

Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by anc'

Aa made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present as G-3- c. 68.

Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the some ' should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year 39 G. 3. c. 3.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for conti*

1 truing and granting to His Majesty Duty on PenJrons, Offices and

Personol Estates, in England, Wales and the Town o/cerwick ' upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety

tutu, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts,

were farther continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And Whereas by an Act

*1 SM| C' 3-C-9*

at it in Great Britain, and for granting other Unties in lieu thereof',

the said federal Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties

granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Act,

passed in the Iforty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 43 g. 3. c. 69.

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great 1.

Britain, and to grant other Duties in Hen th&eof, certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers irt Tobacco find,

Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereofAnd Whereas the Laid Duties granted by the find fest recited Acts were continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further 54 G. 3. c. % > fcontinued until the Twenty fifth Day 01 March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it further enacted, That the said Duties on Sugar, fereral Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said &c*continu, d* Acts granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as afore-ffid, ubtil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and all Monies arising thereby which (Kali be pkid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, Sail be entered separate Sepame and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty. Account'

[Seepoflo c. $2. $ l-j [This A8, except the Olauses above inserted, is similar to 53 G. 3. p. Iy.]J

*4

8

C. 4.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[1st December 1814.]

" TREASURY empowered to raise ^12, 500, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. I.  1, 2. Treasury " to apply Money raised, 3. Principal of said Bills charged on " first Supplies of next Session, f 4. Interest thereon of 3\d. per " Cent. per Diem, 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer " after April 5, 1816, 6. Bank of England empowered to advance u  8, 000, 000 on Credit of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. " c. 20.  7. Act altered, &c. this Session, 8.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as-have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[1st December 1814.]

" TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed " by 48 G. 3. c. 1.  $ 1. Clauses, &c. in recited Act relating u to Exchequer Bills extended to Act, 2. Proviso as to issuing u Exchequer Bills on Credit of, c. 3. ante, in any other manner u than they are authorized by that Act, &c. 3. Interest of 3^. " per Cent. per Diem, 4. Exchequer Bills may, at Expiration of M Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of Revenue, 5. " Bank of England authorized to advance  8, 000, 000 on Credit " of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.  6.

CAP. VI.

17 G. 3. c. 30.

7 G. 3. c. 16. 37 G. 3. c. 32.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for restraining for a limited time the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for Twenty Shillings and under Five Pounds; And Whereas the said Act was by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty made perpetual:

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty the said first recited Act, so far as ' the same Delates to the making void of Promissory Notes, Drafts or

Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer

thereof for apfy Sum Ids than the Five Pounds in the

wMt, and

1 1

9

1 negociating of any such Notes, Drafts or Undertakings as aforesaid, was suspended until the first Day of May then next: And

Whereas the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty hath by several subsequent Acts (a) been con-< timied until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive ' Treaty of Peace, and amended, and it is expedient that the same

should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the 37 G-3-c- 3*-Act of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same suspends cont'*\u'; d'as the said Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same amen e*is hereby further continued, as amended, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

M [S 37 G. 3. cc. 61. 120.  38 G. 3. c. 7.  39 G. 3. cc, 9.

24.47. 107. $ 8.- G, 3..4. $1.  45 G. 3. c. 25.

CAP. VII.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and for granting and allowing certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parlia- 54 G-3- c*7*

ment, intituled An Act to grant Duties of Excise on certain

Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain

Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof; and it is

expedient that the same Should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all repealed, the Duties, as well Internal Duties of Excise as Countervailing

Duties or others, and all Drawbacks granted or made payable by the said recited Act, shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, and all Clauses,

Provisoe9 and Regulations therein contained, for the securing, collecting and paying the said Duties and Drawbacks, or any of them,

shall be and the mine is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Persons having shall have paid or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money, for or in paid Duties, re-respect of any Countervailing Duty imposed by the said recited Act Pald Comnfif-on any Glass made in Great Britain, and liable to such Duty under the said recited Act, or shall have paid or shall pay any Duty or Sum of Money in respect of any estimated Increase in Value of any such Glass which shall have been or shall be imported into Ireland since the Commencement of the said recited Act, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, upon the Appltegfifin of such Person or Persons, and they are hereby required, out oftift Money in their Hands arising from the Duties under their Manaj&afcttf, to repay, or cause to be repaid, to such 7*Person

30

Glass imported into Ireland exported back to G. B. or ell'e-where, and Drawback allowed.

Window Glass re-exported to G. B. only in original Package.

Provisofor Seals, Sec. injured, See.

On Importation of Glass into G. B. Importer to pay Drawbacks.

C. 7. 5$* GEO. III. A.t). 18 rif.

Person or Persons, all Inch Sum and Sums of Money as ftich Person or Persons shall upon their Oath or other wise, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, make it appear to the said Commissioners that such Person or Persons shall have actually paid for and in respect of such Countervailing Duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, to export from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, and to import into Great Britain, any Spread Window Glass or other Window Glass, or any Plate Glass made in Greett Britain, and which shall have been imported into Ireland at any time between the passing of the said recited Act and the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act; any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that every Person who shall so export any such Glass from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, shall be entitled to and shall receive in Ireland, a Drawback equal to the Amount of all Duties which shall have been actually paid under the said recited Act on the Importation of such Glass into Ireland, and as shall not have been repaid under the Provisiont in this Act before contained: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to entitle any Person or Persons whatsoever to any Drawback on Exportation of any British Window Glass from Ireland to Great Britain, unless the said Glass shall at the time of being entered for such Exportation be contained in the original Package in which the same was exported from Great Britain to Ireland, without the same having been unpacked fmee the Export tation thereof from Great Britain, nor unless the Excise Seals and

Fastenings which bad been put thereon in Great Britain, at the time of the packing thereof for Exportation, shall be remaining on the said Package; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; but in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, that such Seals and Fastenings have been injured or defaced by the Tranlit of any such Package or Packages, or in any other manner without the wilful Default of the Exporter thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct the Payment of such Drawback as is hereinbefore given and allowed by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain from Ireland of any such Glass, which, having been made in Great Britain, shall have been imported into Ireland, and shall have been exported from thence to Great Britain under or by virtue of the Provisions in this Act before contained, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof in Great Britain, the Sums following, being the Amount of the Drawbacks payable by Law on the Exportation of such Glass from Great Britain to Ireland; that is to say. For every Hundred Weight of Britj/B Spread Window Glass, commonly called Proad Glass, the Sum ot One Pound Ten Shillings fof everV Hundred Weight of asst othgrBritipt Windo# Glass (not Glass^ymether

A.D. 1814. ft* GEO. III. C. 7i-fc

ii

Foot, Superficial Mafin* of British Plate Glass, the Sum of Sis Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny; and that the said fereral Sums shall be recovered, levied, cnlisted, paid and applied in like manner and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in all respects, as any Countervailing or other Duty of Excise on the Importation of Glass into Great Britain may be recovered, levied, coUested, paid or applied under or by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to the Excite Import Duties on Glass in force in Great Britain; and that such Glass shall not be fubie& or liable on such Importation thereof to any further Countervailing pr other Duty whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Repayment of any such Repayments Duty, and the Payment of any Drawback allowed or made payable madeu^er S by this Act, shall be made at such time, and in such manner, and certain Regula-under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners of Customs and tions.

Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, shall think fit to make in that behalf.

An Act to coptinpe during the Cpnrinuance of the prefect Hostilities, and until Si* Months after the Ratification of a Dpfinitjye Treaty of Peace, fp much of an Act: of the Thirty fourthf Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Im- t Sic. portation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods,

Wares and Merchandize.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of 43 G- 3- c. 153.

the Rflgn of His present intituled An Act to permit

during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Si99 Month f after the

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of- Peace, the Importation info

Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vejfeh, from States in Amity

with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and

to empower His Majesty by Order in Council to prohibit the ptc-

portation of Copper; and to permit the Importation ttt Neutral Vejfeh

from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares

and Merchandise: And Whereas it is expedient, that so much of the said Act as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from State? is Amity with His Majesty,

of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize in this Act enume-

rated should be continued: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Wool and c*r* and after the passing of this Act, U shall be lawful for any Person to^lm" import into any Port Qr Place ip Great Britain, all Sorts of Wool, NemratVessel. and also Cptt< Wph and to import into that Part of the United Kingdom csiSth Iceland, all prts of Barilla, Jesuits' Bark, Linen Yarn, Hemp^.Mgd, Cochineal, Wool and Cotton Wool, from any Country l|gjp wh$tfpevr, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any in wkb. HlS Majesty, his Heirs

CAP. VIII.

12

Orgamined Silk imported iu any Vessel.

Sess.x. c. 9.

Exception.

[Penalty.]

Silk brought to Custom House on Importation.

Flax or Flax Seed imported in like manner.

C. 8

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

and Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom from any Port or Place in Amity with His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, Or-ganzined Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy; any thing contained in an Act made in England in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary> intituled An Act for discouraging the Importation oj Thrown Silky or in any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to give Liberty to import any Italian Thrown Silk that shall be coarter than a Sort thereof known and distinguished by the Name of Third Boionia, nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram, of the Growth of Italy, nor any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Perfta, East India or China, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof to the use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the lame; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

III. And, for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silks not organzined, be it further enacted and declared, That all such Organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, if landed in 'any Part of Great Britain, shall be brought to His Majesty's Custom House at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Duties, Rules, Regulations and Restriction8 in any respect, as such FJ&x, and Flax Seed would by any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain orjrjland rf^dvely, have been subject kd liable to.if the same

1 So^gn S^s 9^y^b of ^e Fhd}t of^-f - - "*mWm

A.D. 1815.

*3

55 GEO. III. C. 8.

Production or Manufacture; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of Persons free of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons LevantDom-admitted into and made free of the Company of Merchants of G^rrcm^ England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known Levant in British by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into the United or Foreign Kingdom any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually Vessels. been imported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoeveT, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported in British or /rebuilt Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British or /ri/&-built Ships direAly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture; but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such case the Goods so imported shall be fubieA to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstar.ding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Entry Certificate that shall be suffered to pass at any Custom House in the United King- Proprietor is dom for any such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture ^ree of Levant of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand VJa, nyf pTO' Seignior, as, before the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty * ^rge third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be imported 43 0.3. c. 153. only from such Porta or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas, as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties, when not imported direAly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and which by the Authority of this Act are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or entering the same shall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, and to the proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying that such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all respeAs to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto: Provided always, that Proviso for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of Countries Duties, within the Levant Seas, imported into Great Britain under the Authority of this A A, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company, in like manner as if such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize had been imported into Great Britain

14 C8, p, io. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

and all other Duties in the same manner as they would be liable to by Law if such Ships were of the Built of the Country of which the Goods are of the Growth, Product or Manufacture.

Goods imported

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares liable to Duties and Merchandize, when so imported as aforesaid, shall be liable to E^dfe^and to* ^ut*e8 Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations in Regulations and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for force. the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and sub-

jeA if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force at the time of the passing of this

AA.

Continuance of

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force Ait. during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, and until Six

Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

[1st December 1814.]

46 G. 3. c. 111.*WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of

W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present ' War and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive

Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies, and Continent of South America

And Whereas the said Act has been found useful and beneficial,

and it is expedient that the same should be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent' or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

continued. Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities.

CAP. X.

An Act to make further Provision respcAing the Duties payable upon East India Goods, and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goodie when imported by Private Traders.

[1st December 1814.]

C. 10^

A.D. 1^i4k

55 GEO. III.

fwrthir Regulation* for thi bitter Security of the Revenue on Goods ' so imparted; and to alter the Periods of malting up and presenting

certain Accounts of the J, 'aid Company to Parliament; to continue in'

force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

nineteen; to exempt the Proprietors from paying the new Ware-

bouling Duties and to reduce the Amount thereof in certain cases;

and to allow the East India Company to give Bond for Payment of the Duties upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into

the Port of London by Private Traders, in the same manner as for

Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported on their own Account Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Warehousing Duties imposed by Table (A.) of the said recited Act shall be charged upon all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as are therein enumerated or described, which shall have been or which may hereafter be imported into Great Britain by the said United East India Company or by Private Traders from any Ports or Places from whence such Goods,. Wares or Merchandize may lawfully be imported, and which shall have been or may be sold at their Sales, either before or after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and such Duties shall be paid by the said United East India Company, or secured by their Bond in the manner directed by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and in cases where the said Duties are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measuro, but according to the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, such Value shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall have been or may be sold at the Public Sales of the said Company without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever; any thing in the said first recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof not-

WarehouGng Duties in Table (A.) of Act charged on Goods imported either before or after April 10, 18x4, &c.

39 G. 3- c. 59.

1L Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in How Duties cases, where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize (except In- charged on digo) sold at the East India Company's Sales on or before the bearing Good# Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, ^certain1 'S shall have been cleared from, the Warehouses on or before the First Periods.

Day of Augttft One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, no other Warehousing Duties than were due prior to the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be held or be-deemed to have, been due and payable thereon and where any Goods* Wares or Merchandize, remaining in the Warehouseo after the FiriLDay oiAuguft One thousand eight hundred- and fourteen,

shall be cleared before- the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and (Utah thefamo (hqft be changed with the Difference only (where fuq^]jjff?reiu3e (hfcll, be an Exoefs, and not other wise) bstweea the Aurag of the Whrqhoufing Dutiew already paid or favcfA wkfuchvft&|s, Wares^rMerchandize, and the new and.,

^Utiee^iargeable thereon by the said recited 1 4 Jbdmmfi and not other Wtucehouseag^

asEi.

16

C. 10.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Indigo how charged.

Duties; but any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall not be so cleared, shall be also subject and liable to the full Amount of the Warehousing Duties imposed on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in the Table (A.) of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, in Addition to any former Duties paid or payable thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That Indigo sold at the Sales of the said United East India Company at any time before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and which shall have been delivered from the Warehouses either for Exportation or Home Consumption after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or delivered from the Warehouses after the passing of this A A, shall not be subject to the Duties charged thereon by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, but shall be deemed and taken to be subject and liable to all the Duties which would have been paid thereon if the same had been delivered from the Warehouses at the time of the Sale of such Indigo, and no other; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain whether by the Company or Private Traders from Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, which shall have been sold at their Sales since the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, although imported before that Day, shall (except as hereinbefore provided) be charged with the Duties imposed by the said recited Act, and no other.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares or to give Bond be- Merchandize imported into the Port of London by any Private fore Ware- Traders, under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year L of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Amount of* m I^a Company for a further Term the Possession of the Duties. British Territories in India, together with certain exclu/tve Privileges;

53 G. 3. c. 155. for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, and which are not intended to be sold at the Sales of the East India Company, shall be lodged in any Ware-house or Warehouses without Payment of the Duties, the Proprietor or Proprietors shall give Bond unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ia a Penalty equal to double the Amount of the said Duties, with Condition for Payment of the same before the Delivery of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from the Warehouses wherein the same shall be deposited under the Authority of the said last recited Act, and at the times and in the manner required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or before the Tenth Bast India Com- Day of April One thousand eight hundred* and fourteen: Prorided pny may give always, that it shall be lawful for the said United East India Com-Bond for Dimes, pa^ upon the Application of the Proprietor ^>r Proprietors of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to give Bond for the Duties parable thereon, at the times and in the manner directed* by the find' flaked Acts of the* toeft and: present^Seffifrn of Parib$ent ' 

Goods (Exception) fold since April 10, 1814, charged with Duty.

Private Traders

A.D. 1814. 55 GEO. III. C. 10, 11, 12. 17

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any of ^J0"'"on-the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, enumerated or described in the fumptgon to paJ Table (B) of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parlia- Duties in Table ment (except Indigo sold at the Company's Sales before the Tenth (B.) of Act.

Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen), shall be entered for Home Consumption, the Proprietor or Proprietors shall par the Duties respectively charged thereon by the said Table (B.), although such Goods may have been imported and sold at the Company's Sales before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or have been imported and fold before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies furendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors during the present War.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 G-3.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's P rote Sion the

Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictionsj and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies fur rendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace: And Whereas the said Act has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is continued, hereby continued until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, to the Warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the last Session of 54 G. 3. .x5a 4 Parliament, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several Acts of Parliament, for imposing

and levying of fines upon Parishes, Townlands and other Places in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, the several Fines or Sups of Twenty five Pounds, Forty Pounds and $5*

Sixty pounda iajfoe said Act mentioned are respectively directed'- '*TQ -- - - 4 tO

C. 12.

*8

Fine of 25L under Ad levied in like manner as other Penalties.

J uiices receiving Information to give Notice to Clerk of Crown.

[Penalty.]

Regulations under Ad respecting Discharge of ac*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

to be imposed upon Parishes, Places, Districts or Divisions, on account of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits,

or any Waft, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings naving been found or used in any Place therein as in the said Act mentioned:

And Whereas it is by the said Act provided that the Court which ' stall impose any such Fine shall direct the Treasurer of the County,

County of the Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sums or Fines of Forty Pounds and Sixty Pounds, but by c Mistake the said Sum or Fine of Twenty five Pounds is omitted in the said Provision For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Court stall impose any such Fine of Twenty five Pounds, or direct the same to be levied on any Parish (a), Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow, Manor or Lordship, or other Place, District or Division whatsoever, such Court stall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of the Town or City, to issue his Warrant to levy such Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pounds in the same manner as the Court is by the said recited Act required to direct such Treasurer to issue his Warrant to levy the said Fines or Sums of Forty Pounds and Sixty Pounds respectively as in the said recited Act mentioned and directed to be levied; and every such Treasurer stall issue his Warrant for the levying of every such Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pounds accordingly. (a) [See post, c. 1C I. 1.]

II. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace who stall, from and after the passing of this Act, take or receive any Information for any Offence, whereby or in respect whereof any Parish, Place, District or Division stall under the Provisions of the said Act be subject or liable to any of the Fines or Penalties infiifted by the said Act, stall, and such Justice is hereby required to deliver One Day at the least previous to the Commimon Day of any Assizes, or first Day of any Presenting Term respectively to the Clerk of The Crown all such Informations so taken and received by him; and if any such Justice stall omit or neglect to deliver any such Information, every such Justice stall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty five Pounds for each and every such Information which such Justice stall omit or neglect so to deliver within the time aforesaid to the Clerk of The Crown; such Sum, Fine or Penalty, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, and which is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the same by any Person or Persons who stall sue for the same; and in such Proceedings no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance stall be allowed; and the Money recovered by such Action or other Proceeding stall be applied as to One Half thereof to and for the Vfe of the Person filing for the same, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the County or County of the City or Town, as the case may be.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing

of this Act and during the time that any Treasurer of any CountV, County of a Tdwn or City, or any Collector of Grand Jury Eels, dgp'be lA&stats; levy coUcft^r

C. 12.

9

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

such Fine or Fines, all and every the Regulations, Provisions, counting Af-

Restrictions, Exceptions, Matters and Things in the said recited fidavit, or Pay-

Act contained, whereby any Court or Judge of Assize, at any

Assizes or Presenting Term, is required not to order the Discharge Sum, to extend

of any accounting Affidavit, or to fiat or otherwise authorize the to Quarter Sef-

Payment or Application of any Sum of Money as therein men- (ions as well ai

tioned, shall be and the same are hereby applied to and shall extend to

Courts of Quarter Sessions(a), as fully and effectually, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if such Court of Quarter Sessions had been expressly

mentioned in the said Act; and that all and every such Regulations,

Provisions, Restrictions, Exceptions, Matters and Things, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to all such Fine or Fines

which shall have been imposed since the passing of an Act made in

the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 53 G. 3. c. 148.

Ad to provide for the more effectually preventing the illicit Distillation

of Spirits in Ireland. (a) [See post, c. 151. 2.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when it Where Fines shall appear to the Satisfaction of any such Court or Judge, that al- ha*e not been though the Fine or Fines which shall have been imposed at any Ieviec1' curt former Assizes or Presenting Term, upon any Parish, Townland, UXt

Place, District or Division, have not been levied, it has not been by the Default or Neglect of the Treasurer or Collector of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person employed to collect such Fines, that the same have not been levied upon and off such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court or Judge to order the Discharge of any accounting Affidavit, or to fiat or otherwise authorize the Payment or Application of any Sum upon or in pursuance of any such Affidavit, for the making or repairing any Road, or for building or repairing any Bridge, or for the building or repairing any Semons House or other Public Building, or for the performing or carrying on any Public Building or other Public Work in any Barony or Half Barony, or in any City or Town within which such Parish, Townland, Place, District or Division, shall be situate; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas in consequence of the Neglect and Delay which have in many Instances occurred in the Collection and Distribution of Fines which have been imposed under the Acts for the preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, it may here-

after be deemed expedient that the Collectors or other Persons empowered to collect the Grand Jury Cess should not be employed in

the levying, collecting or receiving of any such Fines Be it therefore further enacted, That when it mall appear expedient to the Com- Commissioner* missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to appoint other ot Inland Excise Persons for the collecting and levying such Fines in all or any of the and Tj*cs may Counties, Counties of Towns or Citie3 in Ireland, it shall and may ing*1*

+be lawful for the said Commissioners so to do, and for that Purpose from time to time to give Notice under the Signature of the said Commissioners or any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed expedient by the said Commissioners to appoint other Persons for the levying and collecting of such Fines within any such County or Counties, County or Counties of Towns

or Cities, as shall be mentioned-hr. such Notice; and the said Com- Treasurers to

missioners shall, By such Notice, require the Treasurer or Treasurers

20

C. 12.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

[Penalty.]

How applied.

Attested Copy of Entry of Appointment of Collect ors by Commissionexs* Evidence.

of any such Counties, Counties of Towns and Cities, which shall be mentioned in such Notice, and the several Collectors or other Persons empowered to levy any such Fine, to deliver up (a) within such time as shall be mentioned in such Notice, all and every the Warrant and Warrants which shall not at such time have been fully executed to the Person or Persons who shall be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, under their Hands, to receive and execute such Warrants, and upon Demand made to him or them for that Purpose by the Person or Persons, or any of them so nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall deliver up all such Warrants accordingly, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each Warrant which such Treasurer or Collector or other Person shall not on such Demand made so deliver up, and every such Person and Persons so nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, to receive and execute the said Warrants, shall and they are hereby trespectively authorized, empowered and required to levy all and every the Fine and Fines which shall be mentioned in any such Warrant or Warrants, and to execute or complete the Execution of the said Warrant or Warrants, with like Powers and Authorities, and in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or other Person to whom such Warrants had been originally granted were empowered to exercise, and might or could have executed the same, and with all the like Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are prescribed by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of Grand Jury; and every such Fine, Penalty or Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, and which is hereby fully authorized to take Cognizance of the same by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and in such Proceedings no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Money recovered by such Action or other Proceeding shall be applied as to One Half thereof to and for the Use of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to and for the Use of the Infirmary of the County or County of the City or Town, as the case may be. (a) [Seepojl. c. ici. 6.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution for or concerning any Matter or Thing done by or against any Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes when acting in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, where it may be necessary to prove the Nomination or Appointment of any Person or Persons acting as aforesaid, an attested Copy of the Registry or Entry of the Nomination or Appointment^of such Person or Persons in any of the Books of or belonging to the said Commissioners, or in any of the Books of, the Collector of Excise for tb* Diftri& within which such Person or Persons shall have so acted, n"*J  V'd as Evidence that such Person or Persons was or authorize^lg.aflt.in the JExeqqtion oFf

C. 12.

It

A.D. 1814. 55 GEO. Hi.

such Person or Persons was or were appointed: Provided always, Apportioning, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Apportioning and Ap-^ine* n0t

plotraent of iny Fine imposed on any Parish, Townland, Place, Dif- a e 'trid or Division, and that every such Fine shall and may be apportioned and applotted under the Provisions of the said recited Act, fare only that every Applotment shall be delivered to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the Place upon which the Fine shall be directed to be levied shall be situate, and not to the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess, as is required by the said recited Act, and 54 g. 3. c. 150. thereupon every such Fine shall be levied agreeably to such Applot- 43. ment, in the same manner in every respect as the Collector of Grand Jury Cess was in and by the said Act directed to levy the same in cases of Applotment made under the said Act; and in case no such Applotment shall be made and delivered to the Collector of Excise, then the Fine shall and may be levied in the same manner in all respects as every such Fine is by the said Act required to be levied where no Applotment has been made under the said Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the

levying and collecting of such Fines shall have been transferred un- again* transferred der the Provisions of this Act, it shall be deemed expedient by the to Treasurer. said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, that the levying and collecting of such Fines should again be transferred to and made by the Treasurers of Counties, Counties of Towns or Cities, and Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to give Notice under the Signature of any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed adviseable and expedient by the said Commissioners that the levying and collecting of such Fines (halt be again had and made by the Treasurers of Counties, Counties of Towns and Cities, and by the Collectors of the Grand Jury Cess, from such Day as shall be specified in such Notice; and thereupon all and every the Warrant and Warrants which shall not at such time have been executed shall be delivered up to the respective Treasurers, who shall thereupon issue and deliver the said Warrants to the Person or Persons to whom the same had been originally directed; and all and every such Fine and Fines which shall be mentioned in such Warrant or Warrants shall be levied in like manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities and Remedies, in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under the Presentment of a Grand Jury, and as the same might and should have been levied under the said Warrants as originally directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Dublin Gazette im- Notice in Dublin porting to contain a Copy of any Notice or Notices which shall have ?aZpC?, conclu" been issued under the said recited Act, or which shall hereafter be Ue V enct' issued under this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall be conclusive Evidence in allCourtB of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction ia Ireland, of all such Matters as shall be contained in such Notices respectively; and every such Notice shall be deemed and taken by all such Courts respectively to have been issued in conformity to the several Provision of the said recited Act and this Act, as the case may be.

IX. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the Fifty second 5a G. 3. c. 30, Year of Hit pafent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide C3 fir

OX

C. 12.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Regitlilion* made for ascertaining Strength at which Spirits warehoused.

54 G. 3. c. 88.

I 6.

Time of giving in Account of Quantity of Malt permitted to Math Kieve, AC.

Deficiency, and not delivering in

for regulating the warehousing of Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon; and to transfer the CuJlody of Spirits so ware-

housed from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland and their Officers, to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland and their Officers, it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for Distillers to warehouse Spirits for Exportation, subject

to such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time direct or order; and Doubts may be entertained whether the Strength of such Spirits so to be warehoused may be

ascertained in and by such Rules and Regulations; For the obviating of such Doubts, be it declared and enacted, That in and by any Rules and Regulations made or to be made by the said Commissioners of Excise, it shall and may be lawful to specify and ascertain the Strength at which any such Spirits may be warehoused, not being less than the Strength at which the same are allowed to be warehoused under the said recited Act; and that any Rules and Regulations which shall have been or shall be made by the said Commissioners for such Purpose shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

X. And Whereas by one other Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled an Act to amend the federal Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that every Distiller

from Corn or Grain shall, within Seven Days next after the Wednesday in the Fourth Week of the respective Periods of Four

Weeks in the said Act mentioned, produce and deliver, or cause

to be produced and delivered, to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to the Mash Kieve of such Distiller within the Four Weeks ending on and including such Wednesday; and that if it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt so permitted shall be less than after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such Distiller shall distil, or mail be charged or chargeable with from all Wash brewed or made by him within such last mentioned Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on such Sunday* then in such case every such Distiller shall for every Barrel of such Deficiency forfeit as in the said last recited Act is mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient that instead of the Account by the said Act directed, that every Distiller should be required to deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to the Mash Kieve of such Distiller in every such Period. 4 of Four Weeks as in the said Act mentioned, ending on Tuesday instead of Wednesday, as is directed by the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Distiller shall, within Seven Days next after the Tuesday in every Fourth Week of the Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working, produce and deliver, or cause to be produced and delivered, to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually permitted to the Mash Kieve of such Distiller, within the Four Weeks ending on and wluding such 7W/^ and if upon fuchrAccoun V ang dhe Permitg

1 J-

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 12.

*3

Malt into the Mash Kieve of such Distiller, it shall appear that the

Quantity of Malt so permitted shall be less than after the Rate of One

Barrel of Malt for eveij Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such

Distiller shall have distilled or shall be charged or chargeable with by

Law in the Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on the Sunday next succeeding such Tuesday (being the Period of Four

Weeks or Twenty eight Days within which the Still of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working), then in such case every such Distiller shall for every Barrel of such Deficiency of Quantity of Malt forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Cur- penalty.

rency; and if any Distiller shall not produce and deliver or cause jjot prodltcing

to be produced and delivered any such Account to such Officer Account.

within the time aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every Twenty

four Gallons of Spirits which such Distiller shall have distilled, or shall be charged or chargeable with by Law within such Period

of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on such Sunday,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Penalty.

Currency; which said several Sums or Penalties shall be paid,

distributed, remitted and applied in the same manner in all respects as

the several Sums, Penalties and Forfeitures of Nineteen Shillings and

Six pence British Currency mentioned in the said recited Act are

thereby directed to be paid, distributed, remitted or applied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Regula- 54 G. 3. c. 88. tions, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act with respect to the Payment by any Distiller of the Duty on a e 10

Quantity of Malt equal to the Quantity which should appear deficient

under the said Act, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect

to any Deficiency of Malt which shall appear in any Period of Four

Weeks or Twenty eight Days under this Act; and that if any

Distiller shall in the Account hereby required to be delivered insert

a greater Quantity of Malt as having been mallied, used or con-

fumed by such Distiller within the Period mentioned in such Account

than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of Malt made or received by such

Distiller, every such Distiller shall, for every Barrel of such Excels

of Malt, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and that every Collector Penalty.

or Person in charge of the Collection of the District shall within Seven

Days next after the Tuesday in every such Period of Four Weeks or

Twenty eight Days require such Distiller to take and subscribe in

manner by the said Act directed the Oath or Affirmation of the

Tenor and Purport therein set forth; and that in every such Oath

or Affirmation Tuesday shall be inserted instead of Wednesday; any SA q _ c> gg^

thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; $ I0?

and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be administered and attested Oath by whom

as in the said Act is mentioned; and if any Distiller being thereto administered.

required shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe such Oath or NegleSing to

Affirmation, such Distiller shall be subject to the like Penalty as any take Oath.

Distiller would by the said Act be subject to for neglecting or refusing

to take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation therein mentioned.

XII. And bcrit further enacted, That so much of the said last 54 G. 3. c. 88. mentioned A&(pi9d in the last Session of Parliament, as repeals $ X3* such Part or Ptirtfcof an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty^dfcttgn, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts fir rerulating ^Mmatiott of Spirits in Ireland, as empower the 7- Q 4 Commit*

fe

24

repealed.

Allowance to Distiller for Loss from Accident, subject to Approbation of Irish Treasury.

Stills set up in Place of licensed Stills, though uot previously lodged in Excise Office.

C. iz.

r$5* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

48 G. 3.

c. Si.

Licence taken out for Stills if required.

Gecond Still.

Prorifo.

Former Stills removed before others (ct up.

Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to make any Allowance to any Distiller, or to abate the Quantity of Spirit* wherewith any Distiller may be chargeable by Law in any Period of Four Weeks in Consideration of any Loss by any Fatality or Accident, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to make any Allowance to any Distiller, or to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller may have been or shall be chargeable in Consideration of any Loss by Fatality or Accident, in the same manner and upon the like Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Irelandr as the said Commissioners are authorized to do by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller who shall have been or shall be licensed to keep any Still to set up or erect any other Still (a) in the Place and Stead of the Still which such Distiller shall have been or shall be licensed to keep, although such Still so to be set up and erected may not have been previously lodged in the Excise Office of the District; any thing in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign^ intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and fe curing the Collect ion of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in every such case every such Distiller who shall so set up or erect, or shall have set up or erected any such Still, shall be deemed to have been chargeable, and such Distiller shall be and continue chargeable in all respects as if the Still which had been licensed had continued at Work; and every such Distiller and his Sureties shall be subject and liable accordingly; and it shall not be necessary for any such Distiller to take out a Licence for such Still which shall be so set up or erected in the Place and Stead of the Still which shall have been or shall be licensed, unless such Distiller shall be required by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to take out a Licence for such second or other Still, and which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to require, when-soever they shall think it expedient; and every such Distiller, when so required, shall be bound to take out a Licence for such second or other Still, and in Default of so doing, shall be deemed and taken to be to all Intents and Purposes an unlicensed Distiller, and liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures accordingly as such: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce or abate any Charge against such Distiller, in the like Manner and on the like Accounts as such Commissioners are by Law allowed to reduce or abate any Charge of Duty against any Distiller. (a) [Seepojl. c* 111. $ 6.j

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Distiller to receive into, or have or keep in his Distillery, any such second.or other Still, until such D^ftUfor shall have Removed feat away out of bii'Di^ry and Preaifc^ia any puujoer.^connei

C.I2.

A.D. 1814. hGeo. in.

*5

XV. And be it further ettafted. That Spirits made or distilled in Time of Remo-Ireland, and which shall have been or shall be secured according to Jal -

Law in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, with-out Payment of the Duty of Excise payable thereon in Ireland, shall not be delivered out of or removed from any such Warehouse or Stores for Exportation, at any time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, or after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon, nor at any Hour upon any Excise Office or Custom House Holy-day; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the last Session 54 G.3, c no.

1 of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to 20.

1 the Revenue/, Matters and Things, under the Management of the

Commissmers of Customs and Port Duties, and ojf the Commissioners 1 of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that if upon the Account taken by the Officer

in charge of the Distillery of any Distiller of any Wash, Pot Ale

or Singlings, brewed or made or found in such Distillery within any Period of Four Weeks, such Distiller shall be chargeable by

Law with a greater Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller is by the said recited Act authorized or allowed to make or distil within such Period, the Officer shall charge Double Duty for every f Gallon of such Excels of Spirits, and that such Distiller shall pay the said Duty, and also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

1 And Whereas Distillers are by Law allowed a certain time for the

dialling of Wash or Pot Ale after the Day the same shall have < been brewed, by reason whereof they may within any Period of

Four Weeks have in their Distilleries Quantities of Wash or Pot

Ale intended for and applicable to the making of Spirits to be

distilled in the subsequent Period of Four Weeks Be it there- Regulation re-fore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer to include in spefting Ac-any such Account any Wash, Pot Ale or Singlings, which shall not cou.nt Walh have been respectively decreased within such Period of Four Weeks debvered "

in which he shall have taken such Account; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See as to

Se3.20. of 54 G. 3. c. 120. post. r. 111. 5.]

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Excels of Spirits Distiller shall in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days a5, r, n6 from. Ac* make or distil any greater Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller is c, c1pn"lot liable by the said last recited Act respectively authorized and allowed to to C make or distil in such Period, and that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, that such Excess of Spirits was accidental, or was occasioned by circumstances against which such Distiller could uot reasonably have provided; then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order that such Distiller shall not be liable to the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds in the said Act mentioned for such Excess, who shall thereupon be freed and discharged from the said Penalty, and the Single Duty by Law chargeable on Spirits, and single Duty, no more, shall be payable on such Excess; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of 54 G. 3. c. 147, 1 Parliament to regulate the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland tttaffyocally, certain Compensations are given to the

Proprietors of Spirits distilled in Ireland, which having been warehoused

3 6

Compensations for Spirits taken out of Warehouses before Dec. x., 18x4, confirmed. Duties payable by Tanners, kc. Secured by did raining Hides or Skins.

Pronto,

C.I2.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

housed at the time in the said Act mentioned in any of His Majesty's Warehouses in Ireland, should be taken out either for Home Consumption or for Exportation to Great Britain before the First Day of November next after the passing of the said Act:

And Whereas in consequence of Difficulties having occurred several

Proprietors of such Spirits were prevented from io taking out the same before the said First Day of November; and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland did by their Orders, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of October and First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, made on the Memorial of several of such Proprietors, direct that the said Compensations Should be paid on all such Spirits which Should be taken out of His Majesty's Ware-

houses for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, before the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and it is expedient that such Orders Should receive the Sanction and

Confirmation of Law; Be it therefore enacted, That such Orders are hereby declared to be valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made pursuant to the Authority of any Act of Parliament, and to be a good and sufficient Warrant and Authority for the Payment of the said Compensation.

XIX. And, for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Hides and Skins tanned and upon Hides and Skins deeded in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, be it enacted, That in all cases where

any Duties payable by any Tanner, Basil Tanuer, Currier, Spanish Leather Dresser, dr other Dresser of Hides or Skins, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties are by Law made due and payable (as well such Duties as shall have been incurred before as such Duties which shall be incurred after the passing of this Act), it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the District in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, whether the same shall have been tanned or dressed or not, and all or any Vellum and Parchment in any Tan Yard, Tan House, or other Yard or Workhouse, Mill, Store, or other Place used by any such Tanner or other Person respectively, for the tanning, dressing, drying or keeping any Hides'1 or Skins, or any Pieces thereof, or for making or keeping any Vellum or Parchment, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof, and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Tanner, Basil Tanner or Currier, Spanish Leather Dresser or other Dresser of Hides or Skins, or from any such Maker of Vellum or Parchment, together with the Costs and Expences of such Taking, Distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid (half be so ltaken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Ferioi* dr-his Representatives, at any time or times before the

Day &* % efeme^o

A.D. 1815.

*7

55 GEO. III. C/I2, 13*

other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall define to have delivered up, and the same may be delivered up accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties how Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, save as otherwise di- lvie<1* reded by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency,

and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied except as herein otherwise is provided, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are preferred, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the 14 & 15 Car. a. Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An (I.) Seflu 4. c. 8.

Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein in-ftried; or in or by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G. 3. c. 106. present Majesty's Re'gr., intituled An Act to provide for the better &c.

Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think Appeal him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act altered, &c. amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[Sec post. c. 151.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Conjlables in Counties, in certain Cases.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parlia- 54 G.3, c. 131.

ment, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution

1 of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates

and additional Conjlables in Counties, in certain Cases; and it is

expedient to amend the same Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and as often as by and under any one or more Procla- Lord Lieute-mation or Proclamations, issued in manner in the said recited Act*?* may al>-mentioned, and whether such Proclamations, if more than one, shall have been issued atone and the same time or at different times, any g"fate"lcc. for Two adjoining Counties, whether One of them be a County of a.Counties or City or County of a Town or not, or any Districts situate in Two Diarists, on

; 'adjoin- Proclamation of

a3

being in dif-tuibed Sute.

Lord Lieutenant may, by Proclamation, declare Part of County, Sec. in Stare of Dif-turhance, requiring extra Police.

Lord Lieutenant shall appoint in which of Counties, &c. Magistrate, See. shall r elide.

0. 13. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

adjoining Counties in Ireland, or any County, County of a City or County of a Town, and any District in any adjoining County, shall appear to be in a State of Disturbance at one and the same time, whether any such District or Districts shall consist of One or more Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or of both, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he or they shall think proper so to do, to appoint in manner in the said Act mentioned, One Person to be Chief Magistrate of such Two or mbre Counties or Districts, or of such County and District; and also to appoint for the Aid and Support of such Chief Magistrate, either One Clerk for each County or District, or One for both, and either One Chief Constable for each County or District, or One for both, and either One Set of Sub Constables for each County or District, or One Set for both; and that every such Chief Magistrate, Clerk, Chief Constable and Sub Constable, shall be subject to all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said Act contained, in the same manner in all respects as if appointed altogether under the said Act; save as herein is otherwise provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or (governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation or Proclamations, that any Part or Parts of any County or Counties, or of any County of a City or County of a Town, in such Proclamation or Proclamations to be specified, is or are in a State of Disturbance, and requires or require an extraordinary Establishment of Police in like manner as by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament is provided and enacted with respect to any Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Half Baronies, in any, County at large, and thereupon all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act shall be applied and put in Execution within such Part or Parts of any County or Counties, or County of a City or County of a Town, as shall be specified in such Proclamation or Proclamations, in like manner as under the said recited Act and this Act is directed with respect to any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or District or Districts respectively; and all Sums to be presented by any Grand Jury according to the Directions of the said recited Act shall in fuen case be raised off such Part or Parts of such County or Counties, or County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, as shall be specified in such Proclamation or Proclamations in like manner as is directed by the said recited Act with respect to any Barony or Half Barony.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time to appoint in which of the Counties, if more than one, for which or for any Part of which, any such Chief Magistrate or Clerk, or Chief or Sub Constable shall be so appointed, he or they respectively shall reside; and in what Proportions their respective Salaries and other Expences shall be bome by she respective Counties in or for which they shall be so

c. V

A.D. 1814. 55 GEO. III. C. 13.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Chief Magistrate who Magistrate shall be appointed under the said recited Act, or under this Act/ sworn before shall, before he shall proceed to act in Execution of the said recited of Peace Act or this Act, take the Oath required to be taken by Justices of the forUU Peace in Ireland', before any Justice of the Peace of any County for whi'ch a'ppoimeo which or any Part of which he shall be appointed Chief Magistrate and reside con-as aforesaid; which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby, orr stantly in one.

Demand made to him, authorized and required to administer; and on being so duly sworn, such Chief Magistrate shall be to all Intents and Purposes a Justice of the Peace in and for each County for which or for any Part of which he shall be so appointed, and in and for each and every County adjoining to such County or Counties; and such Chief Magistrate as shall be appointed under this Act shall be constantly present in one or the other of the said Counties for which he shall be so appointed, save when he shall be authorized by the Permission of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to depart therefrom.

V. And be it enacted, That every Chief and Sub Constable who Chief

shall be appointed either under the said former Act or under this ub Co*'

Act, shall, before he shall do any Act in his said Office, take the Oath following:

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly serve our Sovereign 1 1 Lord The King in the Office of Constable, in the County [or, Counties, as the case shall be,] of; that I will fee

and cause His Majesty's Peace to be kept and preserved therein

according to the best of my Power, without Favour or Affection, Malice or Evil Will; and that I will well and truly execute according to Law, all Warrants and Precepts to me directed from

C.D. Chief Magistrate of the said County [or, Counties, as the

case may be, '] or from any other Person who may be appointed such Chief Magistrate for the said County [or, for the said 1 Counties, or either of them, as the case may be, j in the Place and 1 Stead of the said C.D. and I will well and truly, according to

my Power, Knowledge and Ability, do and execute all other 1 Things belonging to the Office of a Constable, appointed to assist such Chief Magistrate, as long as I shall continue in the said Office.*

And every such Oath shall be administered by the Chief Magistrate By whom & under whose Orders such Chief or Sub Constable shall, be placed, mmilterdL which Chief Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to administer the same; and thereupon every such Chief and Sub Constable shall have all the Powers of a Constable, and be to all Intents and Purposes a Constable of and in the County, and of and in each and every County (if more than one) for which or for any Part of which such Chief or Sub Constable shall have been so appointed.

VI. And Whereas by the said Act of the last Session of Par- 54 0*3. c.x$x*

1 liament the several Grand Juries of Counties divided into Districts 57*

under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament of ' Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's 1 Reign, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and

Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, are empowered j

1 to appoint Constables for the several Baronies therein, in manner ",

therein mentioned, notwithstanding such Division into Districts; I

and the Grand Jude* of such Counties so distristed, or some of

them, j

When Gnnd Juries have not appointed Con-llables in Districts, Constables tinder ly G. 3. (I.) c. 40. to continue until ensuing Assizes.

54 G. 3. c. 129. Sch. (A.)

Mew Duties and Drawbacks on Wood.

f Sic.

f Sic.

C. 13, 14. 55 GEO. in A.D. 1814.

them, may have omitted to appoint Constables at the last Assizes, pursuant to the Power vetted in them by the said Act: And Whereas the Grand Juries of the said distrifted Counties, or of several of them, may not have an Opportunity of appointing Constables for the said Counties, or several of them, before the Expiration of the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, to wit, the Twenty fifth Day of March next; 4 by reason whereof the said Counties may be for a certain Period without any legal Constable; Be it therefore enacted, That in every such County where Constables have not been appointed under the Powers of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Constables who have been appointed under the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign shall continue to be Constables, and to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities of Constables, until the End of the next ensuing Assizes for such County, but no longer, in the same manner in all respects, and to be paid in the same manner in all respects, as if the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign had continued in force till such time.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon.

[1st December 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods> 4 Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the Schedule thereto annexed, certain Duties were granted and made payable on certain Sorts of Wood in the said Schedule mentioned; and it is expedient to grant other Duties in lieu of some of the said Duties; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided) without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of the several Sorts of Wood mentioned and set forth in the Schedule (a) hereunto annexed marked (A.)f imported into Ireland, the several Duties inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties as the same are also respectively inserted; described and let forth in Figures in the find Schedule marked (A. in lieu and fullSatis&c-

tion ofaB Juries and Drawbacks payms in Ireland upon the J*n-

^mtion utd

3*

A.D. 1814. 55 GEO. III. C.i*

virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act. (a) [Schedule not marked (A.)]

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective

Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the ealercj? several Sorts of Wood in the said Schedule mentioned, shall be charged and payable on all such Wood of the said several Sorts as shall not be entered on or before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the pafQng of this Act, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been then paid, notwithstanding such Wood may have been imported into Ireland before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where^tad-" the whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any such y

Wood into Ireland are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act granted or imposed may in like manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties, &c* backs in this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, Cur-mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and Consolidated receivable, in British Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be Fund, carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen When Duties on

that any of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain granted or made Wood shall payable by any Act in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing G*

of thUAft, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by mJXtorre-this Act, or the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any 'Part of such (ponding Duty Duties in Great Britain, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, taken off in

or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall Ireland, be made that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act and made payable in Ireland as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine, or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and DutieB Duties and and Drawbacks hereby granted and allowed shall be raised, levied, pwwback* bow collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in evi 111(1 the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Mer-chandite imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth 14 & 15 Car.*. Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An (*) SeflC 4. c. $. AS for settling the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, his Heirs &c* and Stucejors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted, or io wd by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to

Appeal.

54 G. 3. c. 129.

Indemnity.

Act amended,c

C. 14. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814

the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as full] and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Poweri and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures wen herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal tc and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

VII. And Whereas upon Representations made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, from several Merchants and others, concerned in the Trade between Norway and Ireland> respecting the Difficulties to

which they were subjected from the Duties imposed on certain Sorts of Wood called Battens, Deals and Staves, according to the

Dimensions thereof, under an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and which could not be known in Norway and other Parts of the North of Europe, so as to enable the Merchants there to make an Assortment of such Sorts of Wood in time to import the same at the lower Duties imposed by the said Act, it was deemed

expedient by the said Commissioners to give Directions to the Commissioners of Customfe and Port Duties in Ireland, that certain Sorts of Battens, Deals and Staves, shipped from the North of Europe before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, should be admitted to entry in Ireland on

Payment of certain Sums in that behalf specified, being a Part or Proportion only of the Duties imposed by the said recited Act: And Whereas the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, in pursuance of the said Directions, have permitted and may continue to permit the Admission of a 4 Quantity of such Battens, Deals and Staves to Entry accordingly, and it is expedient that such Proceeding should be sanctioned by Parliament, and that all Persons issuing, giving or advising such Directions, or concerned in the issuing, giving or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons acting under or in pursuance thereof, should be respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons issuing, giving or advising any such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons acting or who may aft under or in pursuance of the said Directions, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified for and on Account of the same, and of any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of or in obedience to or in conformity with such Directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same Directions had been, given, and such Acts, Matters and Things had been done in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Duty. Drawback.

;. d. . s, d.

S 6 3 490

N 00 490

9 14 0 5 3 10

10 12 5 3 10

ii 1 8 00 00

1198 5 18 8

1294 6 13 6

12 18-4, 6 13 6

13 1-7 2 784

14 7 2 784

34 *14 8 10

35 4 0 14 8 10

4 H 5 1 19 9

4 18 a 1 19 9

WOOD; videlicet,

- Battens, being not above 7 Inches in Width,

and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness,

- if 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 -

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding i4Feetin Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- exceeding 14 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding 16 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120*-- exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 18 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

*- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- exceeding 18 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding 20 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 " acceding 20 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 -

- not imported in a British-

-________.r, huilt Ship, the 120

fatten Ends, being under 8 Feet in Length, not exceeding 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3$ Inches in Thickness, t '* imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 -

under 8 Feet in Length,

55 Omo, III, not akve 7 Inches in

WOOD, Battens  continued.

Width, and exceeding 21 Inches in Thick-ness,

. imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

Deals, being above 7 Inches, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 3$ Inches in Thick-ness; videlicet,

- if 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-built

Duty.

Ship, the 120 - - - not imported in a British- 1295 5 5

built Ship, the 120 - - - exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 14 Feet in Length, - - - imported in a British-built 12 18 6 5 5 0

Ship, the 120 - - - - not imported in a British- 14 11 0 626

built Ship, the 120 - - - exceeding 14 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 16 Feet in Length, - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - - - - not imported in a British- 15 1 7 626

16 12 6 700

built Ship, the 120 - - - exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 18 Feet in Length, - - - imported in a British-built 17 4 8 700

Ship, the 120 -- - - - not imported in a British- l8 14 I 7 17 6

built Ship, the 120 - - - exceeding 18 Feet m Length, and not exceeding 20 Faetin Length, - - - imported in a British-built 19 7 8 7 >7 6

Ship, the 120 - - - - not imported in a British- 20 15 7 8 15 0

built Ship, the 120 - Deals, being above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, fiofc FM &Lffcgth 21 10 8 8 15 Q

. s. d,

9 3*9 10 o

083

Drawback.

. s. d.

37*37

WOOD, Deals  continued, -

and exceeding 31 Inches in Thick-nefa,

.. imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

.. not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 being above 7 Inches in Width and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thiek-ness,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 -

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 - -- - - being above 7 Inches in Width and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length and exceeding Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 -

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 - -  Deal Ends; videlicet,

above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding: 21 Incites in Thickness, 6

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 -- above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 12 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3I Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 - not imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120 -

Ucal8 and Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 And further on all Deals and Deal Ends of the aforesaid Lengths and Thickneflfes, but of the following Widths, the

Duty. Drawback.

, x. d. . /. d.

413 43 1 4 17 IO O 17 10 0

5192 52 16 1 21 13 4 21 13 4

100 6 1 101 17942 4 8, 4 4 8;

7 1 8 7 7 3 2 19 8; 2 19 8

3 14 8 14 5 0 55 8; 5 5 8j

9 8 3 i T 

GOO^I^

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

C. 14.

WOOD, Deals and Deal Ends  continued,

following additional Duties and Drawbacks following, videlicet,

- if exceeding 12 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 15 Inches in Width, Twenty five per Cent, or One Fourth of the aforesaid Rates.

- if exceeding 15 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 18 Inches in Width, Fifty per Cent, or One Half of the aforesaid Rates.

- if exceeding 18 Inches in Width,

and not exceeding 21 Inches in Width, Seventy five per Cent, or Three Fourths of the aforesaid Rates.

- if exceeding 21 Inches in Width,

One hundred per Cent, or an additional Duty and Drawback equal to the aforesaid Rates respectively.

- Staves, not being the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America; videlicet,

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Length,

and not exceeding Inches in Breadth:

- if not exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- if exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness,

and not exceeding 2 Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 - - - if exceeding 2 Inches in Thickness, or Inches in Breadth, such Staves shall pay the several Duties, and receive the several Drawbacks set Geo. 3. cap. 129.

forth in 54 Schedule (A.

Duty.

. s.

Drawback.

d.

5.

d.

050 026

052 026

o 10 o 050

o 10 4 050

sr GEO. III.

37

c., s.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of 5a G. 3. c.f.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, it is, among other things,

enacted, that whenever the Deficiency of the Civil List Revenues 3.

+should exceed a certain Sum therein mentioned, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, should cause an Account of such Deficiency of the Civil List Revenues to be laid before Parliament within One Month after the same should have arisen, if Parliament should be then sitting; or if Parliament should not be then sitting, within One Month after the next Sitting of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the Accounts of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues should for the Purposes of the said Act, and the more effectual Execution of the Provisions thereof, be made up and completed to a fixed and certain Period in each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act; and that the said Accounts should be laid before Parliament, in conformity to the

Provisions of the said Act, at an earlier Period of the Year than has hitherto taken place Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Accounts of Accounts of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues shall, for the Purposes Civil List Re-of the said Act, be hereafter made up and computed to the Fifth Day venue? made UP of January in each Year, for the Year preceding the said Fifth Day certahTperiol^ of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and that in cale year and any Deficiency shall appear to have taken place in the Year preceding in case, of Defi-such Fifth Day of January, whereof, according to the Provisions of ciency, laid be-the said recited Act, an Account is required to be laid before Parlia-ore Parliament, ment, in manner therein directed. that then and in that case the fevetfal

Accounts of the said Civil List Revenues, made up as aforesaid for One Year to the Fifth Day of January then last preceding, shall, as required by the said recited Act, be laid before Parliament on or before the Twenty eighth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament shall be. then fitting j and in case Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Twenty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

Da

-liiTk

Ci 6.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[23d March 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

48 G. 3. c. 3.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight: And Whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and have agreed to continue the Loan of the said Sum of Three Millions advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Act until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

sixteen, without InterestNow, therefore, We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Bank to continue the same, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of Loan under Act. t^e pank Of Englarul to continue the Advance and Loan to His Majesty, made in pursuance of the said recited Act, upon the Credit of Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued, and issued under the said Act, of the Sum of Three Millions, without Interest, until the' Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Alteration

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the made in Usage Period the said Sum of Three Millions shall continue so advanced at Exchequer of foy the said Governor and Company no Alteration shall be made tourilhdww*1^n established at the Exchequer of permitting the said

MoniesonSecu- Governor and Company to withdraw the Monies in the Receipt of rity of Eiche- the Exchequer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills or Notes of quer Bills, &c. the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn being deposited in the Chests of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company, nor shall any of the Accounts now by Law directed to be kept at the Bank of England be withdrawn from thence during the above Period.

Exchequer Bills

III. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills made made out under out under the Provisions of the said recited Act for securing the said sniHtvefhr Advance of Three Millions shall remain and continue as a Security

*fills sho P Anniminvif /\f rti] Cim af Via Pama J kvr

payment of Money advanced.

for the Repayment of the said Sum of Money at the Period by this Act spedfied, in like manner in every respect as if new Exchequer Buis were made out for that Purpose, payable on the Fifth Dav of

April One ttwfofr

4^ v i >vf /

A.D. 1815. 55"GKX-nL

C.iG9VJ.

n

with all Charges incident ta or attending the same, be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any time or times at or after such Period shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular

Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf), and such Monies o( the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon at the same can be regularly Rated and ascertained for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respediTe Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Money issued Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall out of Conioli- from time to time be replaced by and out of the firR Supplies to d^Fund re* be then after granted by Parliament; any thing herein contained to p c

the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no IntereR shall No Interest pay be payable or paid upon or in respect of the said Exchequer Bills: able on Exche-Provided always, that in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for Payment of the said Exchequer Bills, so that the same shall beo*Apnl 5* fully paid and discharged on or before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand right hundred and sixteen, then and in such case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid,

Audi, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, bear IntereR at and after the Rate of Four Pounds Teu Shillings per Centum per Annum, and such IntereR is hereby made chargeable and charged upon and shall be borne and paid by and out of the same Fuud as the principal Money payable in respect of the said Exchequer Bills is by this Act charged and chargeable upon; any thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen y and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the FirR Dsy^Of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred

CAP. XVII.

and sixteen.

[23d March 1815.]

4*

C.iS.

55' GEO. III.'

A.D. 1815.

Annuity of apool. to Lord WalGngham for Life.

Commencement.

Payable

Quarterly.

Warrant! UTued by Treasury for Payment.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to settle and secure an Annuity on Lord Walftngham, in Consideration of his Services as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords.

[23d March 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by Hisr

most Gracious Message to Your Majesty's faithful Commons, hath ' been pleased to declare, that having taken into His serious Consideration the Ability, Integrity, Impartiality and indefatigable Industry, with which the Lord Walsingham has discharged the weighty and important Duties of Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords, and of the Private Committees of the same, for these Twenty Years last past, and regretting the Misfortune of his Lordship's Inability from Infirmity any longer to execute the Duties of that important Office, recommended to Your faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant to the Lord Walsingham an Annuity of Two thousand PoundsNow We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund,) and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to the said Lord Walsingham, for and during his natural Life; which said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum (haS commence and take effect from the Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the First Payment to be computed from the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to lay, the Fifth Day of dpril, the Filth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of January, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and tiy, are hereby authorized and required by Warrant nudectheir Handy ^j4jred{tjbfi -Auditor of the of the 4

C; i8;

4

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

thousand Pounds in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof 5 which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made* forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum to the said lx>rd Walftngham at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of Not revocable, such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the No fees charged. Treasury, now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all such Acts,

Matters and ThingB as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, A'cquitunces of Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Waljxngham shall be a good Lord Walfing-and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or iJifchaj g601 yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for 1C ar8<J*

or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever; And in case Annuity Tax any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall j*ee* retufe or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lord Walsingham to receive the same, then the said Lord Walsingham may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs,

Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity/jetrly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the4refufal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be dooeby such Offic&^Officex*'respectively.

or any of them.

cap:

4*

55* CEO. UL

A.D. 1815.

C. 19.

Duties of Excise in Schedule to Act in lieu of Stamp Duties on such Licences.

Exception.

Stamp Duties granted on Licences by 5a G. 3. c. 87.;

53G-3* .*37'

CAP. XIX.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseabie Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences 5 and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Stamp Duties payable upon the several Licences herein after mentioned and heretofore granted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, 1 to be paid and payable in Ireland, and to grant certain Duties of*Excise in lieu thereof, and to consolidate and Amplify the Laws relating to the granting and issuing of such Licences: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Licences mentioned, set forth, expressed, enumerated and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise, as they are respectively described and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule and all the Matters therein contained shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said several Duties of Excise shall be in lieu and in full Satisfaction of all Duties granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament on or in respect of any of the Licences in the said Schedule mentioned, except such Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain Local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such Local Purposes by the Act or Acts by which the said Duties are or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts 5 and that, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all Duties of Stamps imposed by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring the Manage meat of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissionert of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, on any Licences which are subjected to any Duty under this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall cease and determine, and be no longer' or payable; and that the Duties on such Licences in the ui^. lule tp this Act annexed, mentioned and contained, shall be 1 lieu andinfteadpf the fiuiJDtu^ies.of Stamps on 1

*4 to AS

4*

An Act to gated the several Acts for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spiritturns Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail\ in lreLand; and that all and every such Licence and Licences, from and Licences after the find Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun- |ra"teddpa^ dred and fifteen, shall and may be granted on unstamped Vellum, &c> -^'

Parchment or Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties in Duties paid in this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed specified, mentioned and British Cur-contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in rency-British Currency; and all and every the said Duties, the necessary Consolidated Charges of raising and accounting for the same being dedusted, shall Fund.

be carried to and shall be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the several Acts herein after mentioned (except as ia herein after provided )

shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say, an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 G. 3. c. 50. present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail;

and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in

Ireland; and also an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His 47 G. 3* Sess. 1.

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Payment of c-35*

the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland, dealing in Exciseable Commodities; and also an Act made in the Forty seventh 47 G. 3. SeflT.2.

Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further c. 11.

Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland; and also an Act made in the 53 G. 3. c.i37* Fifty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act torepealed. amend the several Acts for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beery Ale and Cyder by Retail in Ireland; and also that so much and such Parts of the several Acts herein after mentioned (except as is herein after provided) as relate to the applying for, obtaining, granting and imiing of any Licence or Licence* for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail in Ireland; or as relate to Retailers of Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, shall in like manner cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say, so much and 48 G. 3. c. 6a* such Parti as aforesaid of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the making perpetual several Acts, for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein / and to make further Provison for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto; and also of 49 G. 3. c. 99. an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His laid Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts, for the regulating and securing the Coliedion of the Duties on Spirits difiilled in Ireland; and for the repdadnfthe Sale of such Liquors by Retail; and also of the q^c 8 7. hereinbefore noted Act made in the Fifty second Year of His said 4. and Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under Sch. (A.) the Cars tf the Cmnqfionersy for managing the Stamp Duties in Ire- v1, in F*1*' land, and to grasiietvs Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring tbt Management of tik Dutics 09 Playing Cards and Dice from the 1 Cam-

1

% G-3. c. 126.

51 G. 3. c. 97. in pait repealed.

Exception.

Exception.

Who inav grant Licences.

C. 19. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815

Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties\ and also of an Act made in the said Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Acts for fh ColIcQion and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and t make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the salt Duties; and also of another Act made in the said Fifty second Yea of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend fevera Acts relating to the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland save and except such Clauses, Regulations and Provisions in the salt several Acts or any of them as shall be in force immediately befon the passing of this Act, in any way relating to or concerning Persont licensed in Ireland as Grocers, with respect to their having or obtaining Licences to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, all which said last mentioned Clauses, Regulations and Provisions shall be and continue in force as to such Grocers, and shall be applied to such Grocers with respect to the Duties and Regulations in this Act contained, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; save also and except so far as the said several Acts or any of them may relate to or concern the prosecuting, suing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture for any Offence against the said Acts or any of them which shall have been or shall be committed on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March; and save and except that all Licences granted under the said recited Acts respectively or any of them, before the said Twenty fifth Day of March, shall be and continue in fore* and effect according to the Terms and Nature thereof, and the Provisions of the said several Acts respectively, as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the securing the Payment of the Duties by this Act granted on the several Licences herein after mentioned, and to regulate the granting*and issuing of such Licenses in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland or for any One of them, or for any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or by any Three of them, or for the Collectors of Excise in their respective Districts, or other Officer of Excise in Charge of any such District, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland for any of the respective Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say:

To sell, by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead:

To sell Spirituous Liquors on Commission or otherwise in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller or an Importer of Spirits:

To' keep a Malt House and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of being used in any Brewery or Distillery: (a)

To fell Malt, the Party felbng the same not being licensed to make Malt: 1

To b#e %; Strong Beer,. Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sgle: Td mfcirafaftpre Tobacco in afijr mafldeter:, wjp y1*

?*- /*.*

To

*5

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 19.

To deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Importer only:

To fell by Retail or other wise deal iu Coffee, except Importer* thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries

To manufacture Candles and Soap or either of them for Sale

To manufacture Paper Hangings: (a)

To fell Paper Hangings not being the Manufacturer thereof:

To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper: (I/)

To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines:

To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale: w

To make Vinegar for Sale:

To fell by Retail, Tea, Sugar, Groceries or any of them, (including Poreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins and Figs):

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate

To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit or to Tan Leather: (r)

To dress Hides or Skins in Oil:

To make Vellum or Parchment:

To exercise the Trade or-Business of a Brazier or Worker in Brass, Tin, Copper or other Metal for making Stills, Still-Heads or Worms of Stills:

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House or Coffee House:

To sell by Auction:

To make Glass Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal:

To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or other Bead of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and also to travelling Tinkers and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea 6r Coffee for Sale:

To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty:

To carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty or way of by Auction or on Commission

To let to hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile or from Stage to Stage:

And the several Collectors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland Colk&ors may

in their respective Districts, or other Officer in Charge of the Col- sign, &c.

le&ion of any such District, or any other Person or Persons appointed Licences on

for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and ^JT8^

Taxes in Ireland\ or by any Three of them, shall and may, upon the

Payment of the Duty payable by Law on such Licences, together

with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, sign and grant such Licences in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from time to time

direct, to the Perlbo paying the said Duty, and the said Sum of One

Shilling in the Pound thereon without any further Fee or Reward

whatsoever.

V. And,

Licences to rectify, Sec. Spirits who signed by Collators, Sec. on Payment of Duty, Sec. may issue Licences.

Contents of Licences.

licences granted after March 5, 18x5, in force until 5th Jan.i8x6, and Licences granted after'that Day in force until 5th Ian. following.

CoHe&ors to keep Account c Poundage, and Commissioners may distribute Came, or Part thereof, among Collector*, Sec.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to sign any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits or Strong Waters; and that the several Collectors or other Officers in Charge as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, shall and may upon the Payment of the Duty payable by Law on Licences, to keep any Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits or Strong Waters, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, issue such Licences signed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes or any Three of them, to the Person or Persons paying the said Duty and the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon, without any further Fee or Reward whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all and every the Licence and Licences mentioned in this Act, there shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Name and Residence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, with the Date of issuing the same, and the time for which the same shall be in force; and the House or Place, or Houses or Places, and the Number thereof respectively, if such House or Place be numbered, in which the Business for which such Licence is granted is to be carried on, so far as the Nature of the Business wul allow it to be confined to any House or Houses, Place or Places, capable at the time of being specified or described in such Manner and Form as may from time to time be for that Purpose directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Licence and Licences in this Act mentioned, which shall be granted after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall continue in force, from the Date of such Licence

respectively, until and upon the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and shall be charged with, and pay such Duties only, as are mentioned and expressed with respect to the said Licences in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and that all and every the Licence and Licences in this Act mentioned, which shall be granted after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of January next after the Date of such Licences respectively, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector, and other f Officer or Person respectively, by this Act authorized to grant or issue such Licences, and to receive the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the Duty payable in respect of luck Licence as aforesaid, shall keep a separate Account thereof, and shall account for, and shall remit and pay the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound at the same timeid. in like manner, as by Law such Collector, or other Officer or Perra*pp^lt to account for, remit and pay the said Duty and

47

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 19.

proper, (Kali be paid to or distributed between the Collector, or other Officer or Officers, in such Proportion and at such time, and in

such manner and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners,

or any Three of them, shall order and appoint, towards rewarding

such Collector or other Officer for their Exertions in the due Col- '

lection of the Duties payable upon Licences in Ireland; and if Surplus, if any,

there shall be any Surplus or Excess of the said Sum of One ^0UCnt JfDutie,

Shilling in the Pound remaining after such Payment or Distribution as aforesaid, all and every such Surplus or Excess shall from time to time be carried to and placed to the Account of Excise Duties payable upon Licences in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall Exercising deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell or keep for Sale, or expose Trade, without to Sale any Articles, Matters or Things, or shall exercise or carry being lcenle*on any Bufinefi, Occupation, Trade or Calling on the Licence in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, shall take out such Licence before such Person shall deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale any such Articles, Matters or Things, and before such Person shall exercise or carry on any such Business, Occupation, Trade or Calling; and if any Person shall deal in, retail, make, fell or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale any of the said respective Articles, Matters or Things, or shall exercise or carry on any such Business, Occupation, Trade or Calling, without having taken out such Licence respectively, and having the same in force, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Pen*by*

Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Part- Licences to nership (except in cases of Auctioneers herein after mentioned! and Partners* carrying on Trade or Business in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence; and that no One Licences shall Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall autho- only extend to rise any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell or keep for Sale any of the Articles Uere^&c. or Things hereinbefore mentioned in any other House or Place than the House or Place mentioned in such Licence as the House or Place wherein he, she or they respectively did deal in, retail, make or manufacture, or fell or keep the said respective Articles or Things at the time of granting such Licence and described therein; and every such Person who shall deal in, retail, make or manufacture fell or keep for Sale, any of the Articles or Things hereinbefore mentioned, in any other House or Place shall, as to every such other House or Place, be considered as unlicensed, and shall be subject to all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such, save as herein otherwise is particularly provided.

XL. Provided always, That every person carrying on the Trade Auctioneers to or Btafiness of an Auctioneer, whether alone or in Partnership with^out any other Person or Persons, shall be obliged ter take out V separate lcences' and distinct licence to sell by Auction.

XII. Ptovi&d also, That any Licence to sell by Auction the Amount of Duty whereat tell be of the highest Amount payable by Law on?uly " Auc-ymeh Litem*tell authorize the Person licensed thereby to fell torque*1* by tbH&to m of Ireland whale vet without any further or place* of Sul*,

other JUoenoej l&w apy Licence to sell by Auction the Duty*

Ate of Idtp Amount than aforesaid, shall authorise the

4

Minors taking licences liable to Penalties.

Benefit of Licence to Survivors.

Persons requiring to be licensed shall deliver a Note of Names, &c.

Parties licensed to put up Boards importing Trade. "

H-__ % -

llUIRi

C. 19.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Person licensed thereby to sell by Auction in any Part of Ireland, save and except such Parts or Places the Duty payable on any Licence to sell by Auction wherein shall be of higher Amount.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to any Person under the age of Twenty one Years to whom, or in whose Name or for whose Use or Benefit any Licence in this Act mentioned shall be granted; and such Person shall be chargeable with all Duties of Excise on Account of such Licence; and shall be subject and liable to all the Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures of and under this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Licence shall be granted to Two or more Persons, and any or either of them shall die before the Expiration thereof, every such Licence shall nevertheless continue in force for the Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the time for which the same shall have been granted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring any Licence in this Act mentioned, except Licences to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in respect whereof other Provision is herein after made, shall, in order to entitle him to the same, deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or to the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licences, a Note in Writing, setting forth his, her or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, specifying the House or other Place, if the Nature of the Trade admit thereof, and the Situation thereof, and also the Number of such House or Place, if the same shall have been or shall be numbered, where such Person or Persons is or are desirous to be licensed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who shall deal in, retail, fell, make or manufacture any Article, or keep any Manufactory, Place or Thing, or exercise or carry on any Trade, Business or Calling, or do any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned, and for which a Licence is required by Law, shall cause to be painted on a Board with Letters publickly visible and legible at leait One Inch long in White upon a Black ground, or Black upon a White Ground, his, her or their Name or Names respectively at full Length, and after such Names the Words, Licensed, adding thereto to Jell, or to retail, or to manufacture, or to deal in, or to brew, or to make the Article or Thing, or to keep the Manufactory, Place or Thing, or to carry on and exercise the Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling on Account of which the Party shall be so licensed, as the case may require, specifying the Article, Thing, Manufactory, Trade, Place, Business, Occupation or Calling which such Person shall by such Licence be empowered to deal in, retail, fell, manufacture, make, brew, keep or carry on or exercise respectively, and such Person shall also cause the said Board to be affixed, in some conspicuous*Place on the Outside of the Front of his or her House, Shop or Manufactory respectively, not more than Three Feet from the Top of the Shop Door or Front or Outside Door of such House or Manufactory, and every such Person shall preserve and keep up such Board io pamted dunng the Continuance-of such

^or ia Default of affijungrfu^!ftrd orkeeP^bOi^u^

A.D. 18ij.

55 GEO. III.

c. 191.

43

XVII. And be it farther enabled. That if any Person on or before TJnlicensed Per-whose House or other Place any Board shall be affixed or erested, fons aff?x, n8 importing that such Person deals in, retails, fells, makes or manu- Boar s, ic* failures any Article-or Thing, or exercises or carries on any Trade,

Business, Occupation or Calling as in this Act mentioned, or importing that such Person is lieenfed so to do, shall not at the time be licensed to deal in, retail, fell, make or manufacture any such Article or Thing, or to exercise or carry on any such Trade, Bufmess, Occupation or Calling which such Board shall so import, every such Penalty.

Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall Persons may have obtained any such License as is in this Act mentioned (except remove from a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail) shall be minded to

remove from the Place mentioned in such Licence for carrying on |ty^such Business, and to carry on the same in any other House or Town with Place in the same Town or City, then and in every such case it shall I^ave of Com-and may be lawful to and for such Person with the Leave or Per- mifliuners, &c. mission of the Laid Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to carry or fend such Licence to the Collector or other Officer or Person who shall be then appointed under the Provisions of this Act for granting or issuing Licences in the District, and such Collector or other Officer or Person shall by In-dorferaent on such Licence without Fee or Reward, describe the Situation of the House or Place to which such Person shall be so desirous of removing, and shall date the time of making such Indorsement, and shall sign his Name thereto and thereupon, and from thenceforth such Ltcence shall be good, valid and effectual according to the Contents thereof, and of the said Indorsement in the same manner- to all Intents and Purposes as if such House or Place so indorsed had been mentioned in the Body of such Licence for carrying on such Business, instead of the House or Place mentioned therein and not otherwise; and every such Person upon whose License any such Indorsement shall be made shall be chargeable with Duty, and shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such House or Place mentioned in such Indorsement had been the House or Place mentioned in the Body of such Licence; and every such Person, and also every Surety and Sureties of such Person shall be subject and liable accordingly.; any thing in this Act or any other Act or Aft3 contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; Provided Duties due from always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Collector or other J*}'* removing Officer or Person to make any such Indorsement on any such Li- pai*cence, unless and until all Duties which shall have been or shall be incurred by such Person so desirous of removing from the House or Place for which such Licence shall be or shall have been originally-granted, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, Forginv, &c. counterfeit, alter or erase, or shall cause to be forged, counterfeited, Licences, altered or eraffth-auy Licence for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or any such Indorsement on any such Licence as aforesaid, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of, as a true Licence, any forged, counterfeited, altered or erased Li-ake ufc of, or cause to be produced or

E

madt

5*

C. 19.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Proof of Licence shall lie on Person charged with Offence.

-V

Collector, &c. to keep Accounts of Licence# grunted, an attested Copy whereof Evidence of granting Licences*

Officer shall not grant Permits out of Stock of unlkenfed Per-say without SanAkm of

made use of, any Licence Vith any forged, counterfeited, altered or erased Indorsement thereon, purporting to be a true Indorsement made thereon pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, purporting to be a Licence in force, and not being such Licence in force, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information shall be had or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for carrying on any Trade, Business or Calling, or dealing in, retailing, manufacturing or felling, or exposing to Sale, or having, using or keeping in his Possession any Article, Matter or Thing, for the dealing in, retailing, manufacturing or felling, having, using or keeping, whereof a Licence is or shall be required by Law, without having a Licence for so doing in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person hath obtained such Licence, and had the same in force at the time of the Offence charged in such Complaint or Information, shall lie on the Party against whom such Complaint or Information shall be had or prosecuted, and it shall not be necessary for the Officer or Person complaining or prosecuting such Information, to prove that the Person or Persons so complained of, had not such Licence; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of Excise or other Officer or Person or Persons appointed under the Provisions of this Act, for granting or issuing Licences, shall enter or cause to be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a true and accurate Lift or Account of all Licences granted by or issued by them respectively, and the Import and Dates of such Licences, the times for which such Licences shall respectively be in force, the Name of the Person licensed, and the Places where they shall be licensed, to deal in, retail, make, manufacture or keep for Sale any of the said respective Articles or Things, or to carry on any Business, Occupation, Trade or Calling, and also such Par* ticulars as shall be contained (if any) in any Indorsement made on such Licence pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and that on the Trial of any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit or Prosecution, for or relating to any Matter or Thing touching or concerning any such Licence or Licences where it may be necessary to prove the granting or issuing of any such Licence or Licences an attested Copy signed by the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District of the Entry of such Licence or Licences so kept as aforesaid, in any of the said Books, shall be admitted as Evidence that such Licence or Licences was or were granted and issued to the Person or Persons, and for the House or Place mentioned therein, or in the Indorsement thereon, as the case may be, without producing or requiring the Production of the original Licence or Licences which had been granted to such Person or Persons; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, Thit it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise, without the Sanction, Direction or Authority; Of iWp^omtmssioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland) or

0 them^tpmant to anvPerfdu or Perftms whb!ifjnr are; take for l&tog tr afoTSSpm dr

k

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 19.

Articles any Permit for the Conveyance of the same out of the Stock of such Person, unless such Person or Persons shall have obtained and have in force a Licence for felling or keeping such Article.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall deal Noc producing

in, retail, make, fell or keep or expose to Sale any such respective demand Articles or Things, or shall exercise or carry on any Trade, Occu- 0

pation or Calling, for which any Licence is by this Act required,

every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless a Penalty.

Licence in force to such Person for dealing in, retailing, making, felling or keeping the respective Articles or Things, or for exercising or carrying on the Trade, Occupation or Calling, shall be produced and delivered to be read to any Officer of Excise or Customs, within a reasonable time after such Officer shall demand the Production of such Licence.

XXIV. And, for the more easy and prompt Collection of the Duties payable upon Licences in Ireland, be it further enacted, That Collectors may it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise to enter in the ^ue ^arranls Day Time into any House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse, Manu- Amounurf* factory or other Place whereon or before which shall be affixed any Licence Duty. Board importing the Occupier thereof to be licensed to deal in, retail, make, fell or keep for Sale any of the respective Articles or Things in this Act mentioned, or to exercise or carry on any Trade,

Occupation or Calling, for the exercising or carrying on of which a Licence is by this Act required, and to demand the View of the proper Licence to such Person; and if a proper Licence in force shall not be produced, such Officer shall report the same to the Collector of Excise of the District, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, and thereupon and if such Person shall not have applied for and obtained a Licence pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, when such Demand shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or other Officer so in Charge as aforesaid, to issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and didrain all. Good# and Chattels found in such House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse,

Manufactory or other Place belonging to such Person, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and if, after the Payment of such Sum as the Duty on such Licence would amount to, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon, and the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraihing and Sale thereof, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person. or his Representatives, and thereupon the Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall, if the Party against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, desire the same, and shall be duly entitled thereto, grant him a Licence for carrying on such Trade, without further Requell; Provided p, otTa. always, that whenever any of iiie Articles aforesaid shall be.so taken and distrained, it.shall and siayd^e lawful for such Person or his Representatives, at any tim^ or time^ before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to.require the same to be delivered up to him or them, upon iria or thflfcpiwg to the Collector or other Officer in Charge as afbnfiwd, /mw*rw4ffcharging the Bulks so due and payable, the

?*E a

5*

Licences renewed annually.

[Penalty.]

Provife.

Re&ifiers, Sec. to give Security not to didil any Wash, See. nor fell any Spirits not rectified, &c. In StilL

ReAifiera, See, of Spirits not to fety any Spirits W r edified, &c.

C. 19.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the same may be delivered up accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act shall be renewed annually Ten Days at least before the Expiration thereof; and if any Person or Persons having had or who shall have any such Licence, and shall have omitted to renew the same within the time aforesaid, shall continue to carry on the Trade or Business for which any such Licence shall have been or shall be granted after the Expiration of such Licence, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that every such renewed Licence, which shall be granted within such Ten Days respectively, and which shall be ta*en out to he in force at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall bear Date on the Day when the same shall be signed, and shall and may be granted, to be and continue in force from the Fifth Day of January next after the Date thereof, until and upon the Fifth Day of January in the Year next following, and no longer: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein' contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or disqualify any Person or Persons who shall have omitted to renew his, her or their Licence within the Space of Ten Days aforesaid, from taking out or obtaining a Licence or Licences at any time during the Course of any Year ending on the Fifth Day of January; and if any such Licence shall be taken out at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, the same shall be granted to continue in force from the Date thereof respectively, until and upon the Fifth Day of January next after such Date, and no longer.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep any Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits or Strong Waters, unless and until the Person applying for the same shall have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, in case such Person shall apply to be licensed to keep a Still or Stills to rectify Spirits or Strong Waters, or in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two fumcient Sureties in die Sum of One hundred Pounds each, in case the Person shall apply to be licensed to keep a Still or Stills to compound Spirits and Strong Waters, conditioned that the Party so to be licensed respectively shall not by himself or herself or themselves, or by any Person for his, her or their Use, Benefit, Account or Profit, use or cause or permit or suffer any such Still or Stills to be used in distilling any Wort3, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings whatever; and that such Re&ifier and Compounder respectively shall not fell or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters which shall not have been actually rectified or compounded, as the Case may be, in such Still or Stills so to he licensed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, 'That it shall not be lawful for any such Re&ifier or Compounder to foU any Spirits or Strong Waters, except finch Spirits or Strong Waters as shall have fceen re3Hjfedi<fr comptfend&, ' as the cifosiftay be, in same Still or EtiUs

Reader or GGOk|*p&hder fhafi-w afiy draft* or

53

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Strong Waters which shall not have been so rectified or compounded as aforesaid, such Re&ifier or Compounder shall, for every such Penalty.

Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of making Orders for the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Spirituous

Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin and Mead by Retail in Ireland, should be vested in the Magistrates of the several Counties Be it further enacted, That it shall and may Magistrates at

be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any Sessions of Setbais ftudHix the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof within their respective er'

Counties, to fix upon Persona proper to be entrusted with the Sale licensed to retail of such Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, within any Barony Spirits.

or Half Barony, Town or City, except the City of Dublin, within their respective Counties, and to order Licences to be issued accordingly, and such Justices so assembled are hereby authorized and required to order the same accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence as aforesaid Retailers apply-shall be ordered or issued to any Person, unless the Person applying wsJ.r. Llc*nce* for such Licence to retail Spirituous or other Liquors, shall have totC

delivered a Note in Writing to the acting Clerk of the Peace of his of pace. Christian and Sirname and Place of Abode, specifying the House,

Town or Townland, Parish, Barony or Half Barony; and if in the County of a Town or City, the Road, Street, Square, Lane or.other Description of Place, together with the Number of such House or Place, if such House or Place shall have been or shall be numbered where such Person desires to be licensed to fell in, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whom such Person requiring such Licence proposes as Sureties, not being-Distil-lers or Publicans.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice9 at any such Justices to en-Sessions or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid shall, previous to order- quire into ing a Licence as aforesaid to be issued to any Person, esquire, and Character of they are hereby authorized and directed to enquire in open Court, an(lS, u*' and upon Oath if they shall see Occasion, into the Character of ties^Approba- such Person so applying for a Licence, and whether the House tion entered in wherein such Person propose9 to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, The Crown Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead by Retail, Book* is conveniently Gtuated for the Purpose, and capable of and convenient for the Sale of Victuals, and the Accommodation of Travellers or Persons resorting thereto for Food and Provisions; and they shall also esquire whether the Sureties proposed by such Person be good and sufficient for the Sums they are to be bound in, and their Approbation of any such Person, and of the Sureties offered, and of the Place and House or Houses whereat such Person desires to be licensed, shall be immediately entered in open Court in The Crown Book thereof, by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and be signed by at least Two Justices attending at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof; and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace and he is hereby required to give or cause to be given to the Person entitled thereto* a Certificate in the Form following

I A.B. Clerk of the Peace of do certify that Certificate.

' 1 C.D. (or C/D* and E. F.) is (or are) duly entitled to receive*a Licence for Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or

: E 3

' Porter,

C. 19.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Dublin.

Fee.

Parties applying for Licence to Sessions more than Seven Miles distant to produce Certificate of Two neared Magistrates.

4 Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail at in the Parish of (or, if extra

4 Parochial in the Townland of)in this

4 County, (County of a Town or City oi District of the Metropolis,

4 as the case may be,) until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and (mentioning the

4 Year). Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

4 A.B. Clerk of the Peace for

And in every Certificate which shall be given by a Clerk of the Peace within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, the following Words shall be added immediately before the Date thereof, videlicet, and that the Lord Mayor and one or more of the Police Magistrates .44 of the District or Division of (Jlating the Difir iff or Division to which such Magistrate or Magijlratesshall belong), have certified that the said C.D. (or C.D. and E. F.) is (or are) a proper Person or Persons) so to be licenced 5" and every such Clerk of the Peace shall for the issuing of such Certificate be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency as a Fee, before he shall sign or deliver such Certificate.

[See Certificate as to Dublin, post, c. 104. 4.]

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply for a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail under the Provisions of this Act, at any Sessions or Adjournment thereof, which shall be held at any Place more than Seven Miles distant from the Place of Abode of such Person, such Person shall produce and deliver to the Court a Certificate under the Hands of Two Magistrates both residing within Seven Miles of such Person so applying or residing nearest to the Place of Abode of such Person, stating that such Person is in the Opinion of the said Magistrates a fit and proper Person to be intruded with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, and that such Place is a proper Place for the Sale of such Spirituous and other Liquors, or in Default thereof no Order shall be then made by the Justices for a Licence to the Person so

Persons refused Licences may appeal to General Sessions.

Retail Spirit Licences granted on Orders, Sec. fraudulently ltd void.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply in manner hereinbefore directed for any Order for issuing a Licence as aforesaid, and the Justices assembled at the Sessions shall refuse to grant such Order, and the Person so applying shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such Refusal, it shall and may be lawful for every such Person to appeal to the next General Sessions of the Peace, to be held in such City, Town or County in Ireland; and in case the Justices at such Sessions shall think such Person proper and qualified to be licensed, and shall approve of the Sureties to be named by such Person, it shall be lawful for them to order a Licence to be issued forthwith under the like Securities, Terms and Regulations respectively, as. are hereinbefore directed.

XXXIII. <And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall be ^ratited^rfQn to fell S^is Liquors, Wine, Bepr,

A.D. 18i$.

55 GEO. III.

55

Justices or Clerk of the Peace, or not made pursuant to the Directions of this Act, every such Licence shall be void, and the Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted shall be deemed a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, without Licence, and shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons felling such Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead by Retail without Licence, are by this Act subject to.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Clerk of Pe?ce

Peace shall enter in The Crown Book any Order contrary to or entering Orders, inconsistent with the Order of the Justices or any Provisions in this war"

Act contained, or shall issue any Certificate not authorized by the

Provisions of this Act, he shall for every Order so entered, or Certificate so issued, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Penalty, such Order and Certificate, and any Licence granted upon or in pursuance of such Order or Certificate, shall be, and is hereby respectively declared to be null and void.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Clerk of Peace, Peace shall neglect to attend at any Sessions at which any Act: is to non-attending, be done towards carrying any Part of this Act into Execution, un- &c*

lefa prevented by Sickness or sudden Accident, sufficient in the Opinion of the Court to justify his Absence, and verified on Oath, or shall neglect to provide a proper and sufficient Person, in case of fuqh his necessary Absence therefrom, to act there for him, and for whom he shall be answerable, it shall be lawful for the Justices, or for any Justice attending, if there shall be'only one, to fine such Clerk Fine, of the Peace for every such Neglect or Omission*in the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, which Fine shall be immediately estreated into the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Clerk of every Clerk of the Peace to appoint One or more Deputy or Depu- Peace may ap-ties to act for him in the Execution of this Act, each resident within point Deputy, the County of which he shall be Clerk of the Peace, and for whom such Clerk of the Peace shall be answerable; and the Act of each and every such Deputy or Deputies shall be deemed the Act of the Clerk of the Peace by whom he or they is or are appointed, and shall subject such Clerk of the Peace to all Penalties and Disabilities for any Act, Matter or Thing done or neglected to be done by such Clerk of the Peace; and every such Deputy shall be deemed the acting Clerk of the Peace in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace. i

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Order Pn(1 entered made by the Justices of the Peace pursuant to this Act for issuing

a Licence to retail Spirituous or other Liquors, the Person apply- sureties before

ing and the Sureties approved of for such Person shall enter into a Collector.

Bond, the Person applying in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the

Sureties each in the Sum o? Twenty five Pounds, to His Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, which Bond shall be entered into before the

Collector or other Officer or Person in charge of the Collection of the District iny?hjch such Person shall require to be licensed; and the said Collectpr^or other Officer or Person in charge of the Cpl-

i.a: t.

lcftion.is aiul ^hereby respectively authorized and required to take fuchfioud, and t$^pondition of every such Bond shall be, that the Condition of Pprf#lQ, keep a Victualling House, kin or Ta-

E*

vera

C. T9. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815

yern during the time such Licence shall be in force, and shall be constantly provided with Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, and Victuals of good and found Quality for Sale by Retail, and shall supply all Travellers who shall require it, with such Victuals, and Beer, Ale or Porter at reasonable Rates, and shall not sell Spirituous Liquors on or during a Sunday; nor Wine, Ale, Beer, Porter or Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead on a Sunday before Two ot^the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Travellers or Inmates; nor any Liquors at unseasonable Hours, on any Day of the Week to any Person, Travellers always excepted; nor to any Tradesman or Labourer resorting to such House for the Purpose of receiving Wages, or of entering into any Combination; and shall not knowingly or wilfully entertain any Persons assembling for the Purpose of entering into an unlawful Affocintion or Combination therein, or Persons in Arms who are not by Law qualified to carry the same; and that such Persons to be licensed respectively shall not at any time receive into his or her House, or permit or suffer to be sold therein or thereout any Spirituous Liquors upon which, to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, His Majesty's full Duties have not been fully paid, and which shall not have been duly and legally attended with proper Permits, to such Person for conveying the same; and that all such Permits shall be duly delivered or returned to the proper Officer, in order to obtain Certificates thereon pursuant to Law.

Distillers or Pub-

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distiller

liejns not to be or Publican shall be allowed to become Surety in any Bond to be Sureties. taken on the issuing or granting any such Licence to retail Spirituous

or other Liquors as aforesaid; and if any Publican or Distiller shall become Surety, or enter into any such Bond as Surety, the Licence granted in consequence thereof shall be void and of none Effect.

Who incapable

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no of being licensed Distiller, Re&ifier or Compounder of Spirits, Bailiff, Gaoler, Tum-to retail Spirits, key^ Constable, Sheriff, Sub Sheriff, Sheriff's Officer, Peace Officer, Keeper of any Turnpike Gate, Officer of Customs or Excise, nor any Person licensed to fell any Spirituous Liquors on Commission or otherwise in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, nor any Person who shall not be a Victualler, Innkeeper or Tavern Keeper (other than a Grocer, capable by Law of receiving such Licence), shall be capable of receiving or holding a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or, Mead, by Retail, nor any Person who shall not previously take and

Oath. subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, and likewise take and subscribe

an Oath, that he is not a Member of or connected with or belonging to any Society or Meeting formed or appointed for any treasonable, seditious or unlawful Purpose; and that he or she shall not at any time receive into his or her House, or permit or suffer to be sold in any House, Building, Outhouse, Tent, Field or other Place, for his or her Account or Profit, or during the Continuance of his or her Licence, any Spirituous Liquors which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her, and that all such Permits shall be duly returned or -deliveredto the proper Officer in order to Obtain Certificates thereto

Licence hi what case void.

jLaw, and upon which

57

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 19.

be issued to any Person declared by this Act not to be capable of receiving the same, or to any Person or Persons in Trust, or to the Use or Benefit of such Person or Persons so declared incapable, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to; and every Oath.

Person requiring any such Licence shall take and subscribe the Oath aforesaid, before the Collector or other Officer or Person in Charge of the CoIleAion of the DistriA within which such Person shall require to be licensed, and such Person shall leave the same with such Collector or other Officer who shall transmit the same when required to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and if any such Licence shall be granted or issued to any Person without such Oath or Affidavit being so made and subscribed as aforesaid, such Licence shall be and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to.

41 Orders for Licences to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail " in Dublin, issued by Lord Mayor, and One or more Police Magistrates, 40.

[Repealed, c. 104. 63 po/l']

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons Persons felling who shall fell, by himself, or herself, or themselves, or by any Per- in Quantities son employed by him, her or them, or aAing for his, her or their, ef* than Benefit, either within his, her or their House, Outhouse or Building, demed

or within any Hut, Tent or other Place whatever, or to be consumed Retaiiers of elsewhere, Spirituous Liquors in less Quantity at one time than Spirituous and Twenty five Galions, mixed or unmixed with Water, Sugar or other other Liquors. Ingredients; or Beer, Ale or Porter, or Cyder or Perry, or Me-theglin or Mead, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel; or Wine in less Quantity than One Gallon (Sellers of Bottled Porter,

Beer, Ale, or of Bottled Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead excepted, who shall fend the same Abroad, and not fell any to be consumed in their own Houses), shall be deemed to be Retailers, and to sell the same by Retail within the Meaning of this A A, and if not duly licensed, shall be subject to all and singular the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities enacted against Persons felling the same without Licence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed Assignees, Heirs to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, and Executors Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead in Ireland, shall assign the of Licensed Re-House or Place in which such Person shall have been licensed to tilers to have fell such Liquors, to any Person, or shall die during the Continuance -

of the Licence granted to such Person, the Assignee of such Person 1Cea*assigning his Interest, or the Heir, Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or his or their Assignee, who shall become possessed of such Hotfe or Place, may lawfully sell Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, therein, until the Expiration of the Term for which such Licence M have been grated; provided such Assignee of such Person so

assigning,

S

S* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

assigning, or such Heir, Executors or Administrators, or his or their Assignee, shall have obtained the Certificate of the Two next resident Justices of the Peace, or any Two Justices resident within Five Miles thereof, that he, she or they is or are a proper Person or Persons to be licensed to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, and shall, together with Two sufficient Sureties approved of by such Justices, have executed such Bond, and shall have taken and subscribed such Oath, as are hereinbefore respectively required to be executed, taken and subscribed, on granting a Licence to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail.

Vlftuiller, &c.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be

deemed a Victualler, Inn Keeper or Tavern Keeper, within the Meaning of this Act, who shall not furnish or fell Victuals to be consumed in the House of such Person.

Apothecaries, gained shall extend to subject any Apothecary or Druggist to any

Penalty for felling Cordial or Medicinal Waters in the way of his Business as an Apothecary or Druggist.

Quantities which

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Retailers autho- Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Lir

jftri fn loll run -r vtt* m

cence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, the Duty whereon shall amount to the Sum of Twenty two Pounds or upwards, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, not greater than Twenty five Gallons at any one time, and no more; and any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, the Duty whereon shall be Eleven Pounds only, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, not exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time, and no more: Provided always, that if any such Person on whose Licence a Duty of Eleven Pounds shall be paid or payable, shall pay such additional Sum or Duty as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Person amount to Fifteen Pounds Brtfish Currency, such Person shall in such case be authorized to sell Spirituous

Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty Gallons at any one time, and no more.

licensed to distil, Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall not 7ST* !a.wful for any Person in Ireland (other than a licensed Retailer of

Spirituous Liquors, or a Distiller who shall be licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content) to fell any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Twenty five Galions, nor <for any Person (other than a licensed Distiller) to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Galions, and not exceeding Fifty Galions, nor for any Person (other than a licensed Distiller, Re&ifier or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, or a Person lioenfed to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons) to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity greater than Fifty G*lr Ions; and that if any Person not being so respectively liee&fedas aforesaid, shall fell any Spirituous Liquotsw ^nyfuob Qualities

Proviso for

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con-

Persons not

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth

S9

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

0. 19;

teen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person in any Place in Ire- not being in land, where the Duty on a Licence to retail Spirituous and other Market Town Liquors is Eleven Pounds only (such Place not being situate within ^euce^ofell any Market Town, or within One Mile thereof), to have and obtain not exceeding at his Desire a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Re- one Gallon on tail, in such Place not being situated as aforesaid, on Payment of the Payment of 7U Sum of Seven Pounds only; provided that no such Person who shall be so licensed in such Place, on the Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only, shall on any account be entitled to fell or deliver any such Liquors in any Quantity exceeding One Gallon at any one time.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Retailers not to for any Person licensed to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, be licensed to to receive or have, during the Continuance of such Licence, any n Com" Licence to fell Spirits on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not mi ion*kc* less than Fifty Galions; nor for any Person licensed to fell Spirits on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, to receive or have during the Continuance of such Licence, any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed How Spirit to retail Spirituous Liquors, shall be desirous to sell Spirituous Licences may be Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin made applicable or Mead, in any Hut, Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or ^L-_ open Place at any Fair, and shall apply for a Liberty or Permission at Fairs. to do so to any Magistrate of the County or County of a Town or City resident within Five Miles of such Fair; it shall be lawful for such Magistrate to endorse upon the Licence of such Person a Liberty or Permission so to do with the Consent of the Proprietor of the Tolls of such Fair, specifying the Day or Days of the Fair which such Person shall be permitted to fell at.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Majesty's or at Encamp-Regular or Militia Foroes, commanding any Encampment of Troops, ments of shall recommend any Person licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors for TrooP* the Sale of either Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale,

Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, or all or any of them at such Encampment, it shall be lawful for any two Magistrates within their Jurisdiction to endorse on the Licence of such Person so recommended, a Liberty or Permission to fell such Articles as aforesaid, specified in such Recommendation, at such Encampment for One Month, and to order the same to be renewed from Month to Month during the Continuance of such Encampment, and no longer.

LI. Provided, That no such Liberty or Permission lo given on How such the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of any Encamp- Camp Licences ment shall be of force after such Officer or any other Commanding r*yoked.

Officer thereat shall revoke the same, and give Notice in Writing of such Revocation to either of the Two Justices who signed such Liberty or Permission, or to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District.

LII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Retailers to de-Excise shall have entered into any Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Store or dare Stock to other Place bekfoging to any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirituous 2*?" Lienors, such Beater or Retailer, or some Person employed on behalf ^emanl* of Inch Dealer oflR&triles, shall on Demand of any such Officer to took Officer^the full andonthfe Qwrt*

tity

6 G

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Retailers, Sec. to shew Bnd count Cades to Officer.

[Penalty.]

Cades found to contain any Thing but Spirits.

Penalty. Persons selling Spirits on which Duty not paid.

[Penalty.]

Notice of Penalties adrertifed.

Unlicensed Persons felling.

[Penalty.]

OmuprobandL

C. 19. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

tity of Spirituous Liquors in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Retailer, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration that the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors so ffiewn is the full and entire Quantity of Spirituous Liquors in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Retailer; and if such Dealer or Retailer, or some Person on his or her behalf shall not on Demand made by any such Officer forthwith ffiew or cause to be ffiewn such Quantity of Spirituous Liquors, or shall make any false or untrue Declaration of the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors then being in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Retailer, then and in every such of the respective cases aforesaid, such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer of Excise shall discover any Spirituous Liquors in the Custody or Possession of any such Dealer or Retailer which shall not have been duly ffiewn or declared, then all such Spirituous Liquors shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of the Spirituous Liquors which shall be so discovered.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Dealer in or Retailer of Spirituous Liquors or Person in his or her Employment who shall ffiew the Spirituous Liquors of such Dealer or Retailer to any Officer of Excise, shall count all the Calks containing Spirituous Liquors and declare the Number thereof to such Officer, and in case such Dealer or Retailer, or other Person shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Dealer or Retailer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any of the Calks which shall have been declared or represented to contain Spirituous Liquors, shall be found to be empty or to contain any other Liquor or Thing, save only Spirituous Liquors, every such Calk and the Contents thereof shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit for every such Calk so found the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to fell in any manner Spirituous Liquors shall knowingly receive or have in his or her Custody or Possession, or fell or permit or fuller to be received or fold for his or her Use or Benefit, Account or Profit, or in his or her House or Premises, any Spirits, the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid, or which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and any Licence before such time granted to such Person shall upon Conviction for such Offence become absolutely vqid and null; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to cause to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette and in such Provincial Paper or Papers in Ireland as they shall think proper, Notice of the Penalties inflicted for such Offence by this Act, and also from time to time to cause to be inserted in such Gazette and Provincial Papers the Name and Names of all Parties whose Licences shall have become void in consequence of any such Conviction; and if any Person so licensed shall lell any Spirituous or other Liquors after such Licence shall have become void in manner aforesaid, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as are by Law inflicted on.Per-f<tOS frilmgSfrfrituous or other LiquartTOjimut Licepce j and uppu dbeTrial of^Xnformariotv for joe jg^ynalty

a.d. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 19.

by such Defendant or Defendants that the full Duty oh such Spirits has been duly paid, and Proof of the Nonpayment of such Duty shall not lie on the Officer or Person prosecuting such Information.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or other Dfflillcis or Dealer in Spirits, or any Brewer of Beer, Ale or Porter, shall knowingly fell any Spirits, Beer, Ale or Porter, to an unlicensed Retailer, Spirits to unli-or to any Person for the Use of an unlicensed Retailer; or if any censed Retailers. Person whatever in Ireland shall knowingly buy or receive, or permit or suffer to be bought or received for his, her or their Use, any Spirits in any Quantity whatever, the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid, or any Spirits in any Quantity exceeding One Gallon which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him, her or them, every such Distiller or Dealer in Spirits or Brewer, or other Person aforesaid,

shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hun- Penalty, dred Pounds to the Use of the Informer or Person filing for the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Justices of for any Justice of the Peace and for any Chief or High Constable, and Peacec' m*7 for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and for the Com- ancUequ^eto missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and for any Officer fee Licences for appointed by or acting under the Paid Commissioners of Customs or retailing, and Exci.e respectively, and every such Justice, Chief or High Constable, fe'ze Liquors, and every such Commissioner and Officer, is and are hereby authorized &c* and required from time to time and at all times in the Day Time to enter into and upon any House, Shop, Store Room or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry,

Metheglin or Mead, shall be sold by Retail or on or before which shall be affixed any Board importing that Spirituous Liquors, Wine,

Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, or any of them are fold, and there to demand a View of the Licence for such Sale, and if the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store Room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, shall not on Demand produce a Licence in force for the Sale by Retail of such Spirituous or other Liquors, all Spirituous and other Liquors which shall be found in or at such House, Shop, Store Room, Building, Booth,

Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, and all Vessels containing the same,

and all Vessels used for measuring or drinking the same, shall be Penalty.

forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by such Justice of the

Peace, Chief or High Constable, Commissioner or Officer respectively; and the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store Room, Build- Who deemed

ing, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place, shall be deemed an unlicensed Re-

unlicecfed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be liable to all tallers*

Penalties to which Persons are subject under this Act, for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Magistrates, fce. for any Magistrate, Justice of the Peace or other Peace Officer or any ay fei*e>c* Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland, to seize and by unli-

take away, or, to destroy, or cause to be seized, taken away or de- censed Pexi'on*. stroyed, all such Spirituous Liquors which shall be hawked about or exposed to sale iq any Street, Pathway, Road, Field, or in any Boothf- Tent, BU^Shed or Bulk, or by any Person not licenced lo ieQ tke kune in inch Place, and tfee Veueli containing the same.

jfeft*

C.i9

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

and all Vessels and Utensils used for measuring or drinking the same, found therewith, and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, for the City or Place in Ireland wherein such Offence shall be committed, on his or their own View, or on Confession of the Party, or by Proof of such Offence by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to convict any Person so offending, and to order him, her or them to be put in the Stocks for the Space of One Hour, and the Justice or Justices by whom such Person shall have been so convicted, shall by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day of such Commitment.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland shall fell any Spirituous Liquors by Retail, between the Hours of on Sundays, or Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night and Twelve of the Clock on Two o'clock on* Night, nor shall fell by Retail any Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead on a Sunday before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Inmates or Travellers; and if any Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold on a Sunday contrary to this Act, every Person felling the same, or on whole behalf such Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be paid One Moiety to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

LIX. And, for preventing drinking at unseasonable Hours, and the harbouring of suspected Persons m Houses where Spirituous or Magistrates, &c. other Liquors shall be sold, be it further enacted, That it shall be may remove lawful for any Magistrate, Chief or High Constable, to enter any lB House or Place, and to remove all Persons drinking the rein, not being Travellers, between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock at Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning, on any Day of the Week, or drinking Spirituous Liquors therein at any Hour whatever on a Sunday, or drinking any Liquor whatever therein, before the Hour of Two in the Afternoon on a Sunday (not being Inmates or Travellers); and if any Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail shall not on Demand of Entrance by knocking

Stocks.

Imprisonment.

Selling Spirituous Liquors

Sundays, &c.

[Penalty.]

aftfer certain Hour.

Selling Spirituous Liquors, and not admit-

not or otherwise admit such Magistrate, Chief or High Constable into

jing agi a such House, or, after Admittance, shall obstruct any of them in removing Persons drinking therein as aforesaid, such Person upon Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate upon Oath or upon View thereof by such Magistrate, shall forfeit for every such Penalty. Offence the Sum of Five Pounds Britiftj Currency, to be paid to

the Informer or Prosecutor, and in Default of Payment thereof, the Person so offending shall be committed to Gaol until such Fine shall be paid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Parishioners of the several Parities in Ireland, at Vestry assembled, Twice in every Year, or oftener if necessary, to appoint such Number of Persons as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers df Fetffons and Houses licensed for Sale of ^Spirituous or other Liquors ftlch Parini respectively, erery Overieerrio, a difcve wt|Qtorities

far

Pc*

Imprisonment.

Parishioners may appoint Overseers of Public Houses, and Overseers to have Cune Powers as Peace enfant

A.B.I8IS* 55 GEO. III. C. 19* 63

Peace Officer hath or may have by virtue of this Act, and every Person not admitting any such Overseer, shall be subject to the like Penalties as Persons not admitting any Magistrate or High Constable Penalty, are subject to by this Act; and in case any Overseers mall find any Persons not Persons, not being Travellers, drinking therein between the Hours Travellers of Twelve at Night and Five in the Morning, on any Day of the Week except Sunday, or drinking Spirituous Liquors therein at any e 5 time whatever on a Sunday, or drinking any Liquor whatever therein at any time before the Hour of Two in the Afternoon on a Sunday (not being Inmates or Travellers), any such Overseer may proceed to remove such Persons in such manner as any Magistrate, Constable or other Peace Officer is by this Act empowered so to do; and every such Overseer shall certify under his Hand and Seal to a Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction within the Place in which such House shall be situate, that Persons were drinking in such House contrary to the Provisions aforesaid, or any of them, and thereupon such Justice shall summon the Party or Parties accused, and unless the Party or Parties summoned shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, that the Parties found therein were Inmates of the House where they were so found, or Travellers, and as such not prohibited as herein provided from drinking in such House or Place where they were so found, such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence to subject the Person or Persons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors, to a Penalty of Forty Shillings British Currency for the First Offence, and for the Second Offence First Offence, to a Penalty of Five Pounds British Currency; and in Default of Second Offence. Payment of such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant for the Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person or Persons on whom such Penalties shall be imposed; provided that Pr0V1f* no Person dealing in Spirituous Liquors shall vote at any such Vestry, nor be appointed an Overseer.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Justice of Persons drinking the Peace or Chief or High Constable, or any Officer appointed by or aft in g under the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respect- he1^ and fowl ively, shall find any Person drinking in any House, Shop, Store- if Licence not house or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall produced, or Place in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer,

Ale or Porter, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead shall be sold by Retail, and the Licence for such Sale shall not upon Demand be produced to such Justice of the Peace, Constable or Officer, according to Law, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, Constable or Officer to apprehend all such Persons so found drinking the re; and every such Person so found drinking, shall, upon the View of such Justice, or upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, be subject and liable to a Fine or Penalty not Penalty, exceeding Twenty Shillings, and not less than Five Shillings, in the Discretion of such Justice, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Conviction shall be had; and if such Conviction shall be had upon the View of the Justice, then the whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the Churchwardens for the Poor of such Parish; and in case such Penalty, shall not be paid by the Offender immediately upon Conviction, ]fuph Offender shall be committed to Gaol Impufoa^eot.

Magistrates to certify Persons twice convicted to Commissioners of Excise.

Buying less than Twenty five Gallons of Spirits or Beer lei's than Quarter of Barrel in any House not having a Board.

[Penalty.]

Agreeing to pay Servants or "Workmen partly in Money and partly in Spirits.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Paying Servants or Workmen in Public Houses.

C. 19.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18 if*

such Justice for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month, ia

the Discretion of such Justice.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, shall be a Second time convicted of entertaining Persons in his or her House not being Inmates of such House, or Travellers, at unseasonable Hours, shall certify under his Hand and Seal to the said Commissioners of Excise, that such Person has so been a Second time convicted, and upon the Receipt of such Certificate, the said Commissioners shall cause the Bond entered into by such Person so licensed to be put in Suit, and such Certificate shall, if produced on any Trial relative to such Bond, be conclusive Evidence of the Breach of the Condition of such Bond.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall buy or obtain for any Consideration given or to be given, any Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than Twenty five Gallons in any House ia Ireland, not having affixed thereon such Board so painted, and in such manner as is prescribed by this Act, or if any Person shall buy or obtain for any Consideration given or to be given, any Beer or Ale, in less Quantity than One Quarter of a Barrel in any House not having affixed thereon such Board so painted and in such manner as by this Act directed (unless such House be the House of a Seller of Bottled Beer, Ale or Porter, or of Bottled Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, who shall fend the same abroad, and shall not fell any to be consumed in his or her House), every such Person shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate, upon the Oath of Oqe credible Witness, or by his own Consession, or on the View of such Magistrate, forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds Brit'ish Currency; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for One Calendar Month, or until the said Penalty shall be paid.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall agree to pay, or shall pay any Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer, or other Person employed by or working under him or her, or under his or her Direction, so much Money for Wages, or any Part thereof, which shall be ordinarily and usually paid for the Work which such Journeyman, Servant, Labourer or other Person shall be employed in, or shall agree to pay or shall pay such Wages partly in Money and partly in or by Spirituous Liquors, or shall set off, flop or deduct all or any Part of the Wages or Hire due to any Journeyman, Workman, Servant or Labourer, for any Spirituous Liquors delivered or sold to or drank by him or her, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency, and every Person giving or procuring Credit to be givm for Spirituous Liquors fold or drank as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds British Currency.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland employing Journeymen, Workmen, Servants or Labourers, shall by himself or herself, or by any other Person, pay any Journe; -

WorktqanV Servant or Labourer, employed by him or Y*

: ed by

6$

A.D. 1814. 55 GEO- III. C. 19.

man, Semnt or Labourer, in or at any House in which any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter or Cyder, or Perry,

Metheglin or Mead shall be sold by Retail, and every Person io offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty.

Pounds British Currency, and all Payments of all Wages made in manner aforesaid shall be null and void. -LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Dealer Distillers or in Spirits or any other Person shall be entitled to maintain any Dealer* in Spirit* Cauie, Action or Suit, to recover either in Law or Equity any not to recover Sum of Money or Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous or other Liquors sold to any Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors eui ers* by Retail without Licence in Ireland; and in case such Distiller or Dealer in Spirits or other Person shall fell any Spirituous or other Liquors to such unlicensed Retailer knowing him to be such, such unlicensed Retailer may recover back all such Money as he shall have paid for any such Spirituous or other Liquors so sold by Civil Bill or otherwise from such Distiller or Dealer, or other Person.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, [That no Person shall be Taking, &c. entitled unto or shall maintain any Cause, Action or Suit for or pawns, &c. as recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or Demand Security for for or on account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland in any Spirit*.

Quantity less than One Pint at any one time, nor for or on account of any particular Item or Article in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold, where the Quantity shall be less than One Pint; ] and in case any Person shall take or receive any Pawn or Pledge from any Person by way of Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money owing by such Person for Spirituous Liquors, every such Person so offending and being convicted hereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit Penalty, he Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency for every Pawn or ?ledge so taken in or received by him or them, and the Person or 5ersons to whom any such Pawn or Pledge shall belong, shall have he same remedy for recovering such Pawn or Pledge, or the Value hereof, as if it had not been given as a Pledge.

[ Words in

backet/ repealed, post. c. 104. 14. fee 15. of that

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall have Money for oy remedy for or recover any Sum of Money on account of any Liquors sold to pirituou* Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, or by unlicensed letheglin or Mead, fold knowingly to an unlicensed Retailer of Person' not pirituous or other Liquors in Ireland, nor shall any such unli- recoverable* nfed Retailer have any remedy for or recover from any Person y Sum of Money on account of any Spirituous or other Liquors Id by such unlicensed Retailer; and all Contracts, Bills, Pro-(Tory Notes, Bonds or other Writings, given as a Security for e Payment of Debts contracted for any Spirituous or other Li-ors so sold to or by an unlicensed Retailer, shall be and are reby declared to be null and void.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioner* dul for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ire- of Excise or J, or any Three, of them, or for the Justices of the Peace Magistrate* may rabled at any Quarter Sessiona or Adjournment thereof, or the rd Mayor of the Cgy of Dublin, within his Jurisdiction, or any 'o or more of the Police Magistrate* of the District or DWifion 55GM.HI, T in

66

C.ipr

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 181ji

Penalties.

Bond of Parties licensed to fell

than Fifty Gallons.

in which such Person shall reside, to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland; and if any Person whose Licence shall be so annulled, on whom a Notice shall have been served, of the same being annulled, signed by such Commissioners, or any Three of them, or by the Justices of the Peace assembled at any Quarter Sessiona or Adjournment thereof, or by the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, within hit Jurisdiction, or by such Police Magistrates as aforesaid, shall retail any such Spirituous or other Liquors, every such Person shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling Spirituous or other Liquors without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose are liable to under this Act.

[/ part repealed, post. c. 104. 5.

fee 6, 7. of that A3.]

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall bt granted to any Person to fell any Spirituous Liquors in any Quan-Spirits in Quantities whatever, not less than Fifty Galions, unless the Person tmes not less applying for the same shall have entered into Security by Bond 10 His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, which Sureties respectively shall be approved of by the Person granting such Licence, and which Bond the Person granting such Licence is hereby empowered to take far the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ' conditioned that the Party so to be licensed, shall not fell or deliver out any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity at one time less than Fifty Galions; and that such Person so to be licensed shall not fell any Liquors to be used or consumed in his or her House or Premises; and that such Person so to be licensed shall not knowingly receive or fell, or permit or suffer to be received or fold for his or her Use or Benefit, Account or Profit, any Spirits the full Duties chargeable whereon have not been paid, or which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her; and that such Person so to be licensed diall not nor will knowingly fell or deliver any Spirits to any Person selling Spirits by Proof of Surety Retail, unless such Per ion shall he duly licensed thereto: Provided being House- always, that no Person shall be received as a Surety in any such Bond, unless he shall prove upon Oath to the Satisfaction of the Person granting such Licence, that he is an Householder, and worth the Sum in which he shall be Surety, above all his just Debts.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfop shall brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, without having taken out such Licence as by this Act is directed, or without haying a Licence for- that Purpose in force, every such Person or Persons besides forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall forfeit all Coppers, Vessels, Utenfds and Materials for Brewing, and all Porter or Strong Beer, or Afe or Small Beer found in the Possession of such Person, which accordingly shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Lioenoe feaU be

holder.

Brewing Strong Beer, &c. without Licences.

[Penalty.]

Bond entered

into by to

Perfim to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small umlefs fitch Person fhafthaee first entered intd -n Bond'fcfe Haooaid SueaeftM, in the Sitga of r- '

to -to

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 19. 6f

such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer shall not ute any raw Condition of or unmalted Corn, nor any Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicos, Grains Bond-of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, 0|>ium, or any other Ingredient whatsoever, which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality in Brewing any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, and shall not let out to hire, or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil for brewing, for the Purpose of brewing Beer, Porter or Ale, or suffer any Person to use the Brewhouse of such Person, or any brewing Pan or other Utensil for brewing the rein.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed Leacting, fte. to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale or Small Beer for Sale, shall Brewhouse, &e, let out to hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil for or UwnSl*. brewing, for the Purpose of brewing Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale or Sm5l Beer, or shall suffer any Person to use his or her Brewhouse, or any Brewing Pan or other Utensil for brewing the rein* every such Person so letting out to hire, or lending or sufferfog to be used, any such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil, and the PerfoB to whom the same shall be let out to hire of lent, or by wltom the same shall be used, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty.

Pounds, and every Brewing Pah or other Utensil which shall be so let, lent or used shall be forfeited and may be feiied; and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so letting out to hire* or lending or Coffering to be used any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan of Utensil, or for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be let out to hire or lent, or who shall make use of the same, as the caffe may be, if fumraoned as a Witness on the Part of the Informer (of if the Person or Persons so letting out to hire or lending such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil, or the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so let out tC hire or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, shall be the Informer or Informers), to give Evi* Evidence, dence upon the Trial of any Suit upon any such Bond, or any Information for any such Penalty or Forfeiture; and in case of Judgment upon any such Bond, or Conviction upon such Information, the Person or Persons so giving Evidence shall be difehaarged of and from the Penalties by him or her incurred.

LXXIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to Licensed Brew, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland> or may lend 10 any Three of them, upon Application made to them for that Put- each olherwith pose, to authorize any such licensed Brewer to let out to hire or ^onlenJrof 'end 1ms, her or their Brewhouse, Brewing Pan ot* Utensils for brew-ng to any other Person befog duly licensed to brew Strong Beer,

?ortr or Ale, or Small Beet for Sale, and to suffer the same to be tfed by such Person; any thing hereinbefore contained to the con-rary notwithstanding; and such Brewer so letting to hire, or sndfog or fstfering to be used his, her or their Brewhouse, Brew-ig Pm er Uteofils for brewing, with die Content of the said 'orotoffionm, or any Thfee of them, shall not for so doing he eemed guilty of a Breach of the Condition Of his, he* or their Bend, or (hill khtr af (foe Parties be liable to the aforeffod Penalty of en Pounds. V

LXXV. Aidbi-it further enacted, That it shall and may be CoUeaowto wfid for the fefferfftCollectdrs of Exc&fe, <6r other Persons, who receive Amount all tike any Boa$hf Law required to entered into, to receive of Stamp Dutifes r the Use of l*wliy tfe Afiwm. of the Stneap Duty on such 00 Bon<&* t 2 Bond,

<58

C. 19.

55

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Hawkers and

son empowered to licencef who shall keep Account thereof.

[Penalty.]

Bond, if such Collector or other Person shall have supplied the stamped Paper for such Bond, and the Party entering into such Bond is hereby required and directed to pay the Amount of such Stamp Duty to such Collector or other Person.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be Pedlars Prv, <* given to any Person as a Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or to g'we^Not^ce of ot^er trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, travelling BuGneis to Per- either on Foot or with a Horse or other Bead of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to any travelling Tinker, or Caller of Iron and Metal, or to any Person hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale, unless such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall at the time of applying for such Licence, declare to the Person, to whom such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall apply, his or her Name or Names, Age, and Place and Places of Abode, and also how and in what manner such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman intends to hawk, travel and trade, whether on Foot, or with One Horse, or how many Horses or other Bead or Beasts of Burthen, and whether with One or more and how many Servant or Servants, or Person or Persons employed in carrying the Goods of such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, and if any such Declaration or any Part thereof shall be false or untrue, the Party making the same shall forfeit tWe Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Person granting such Licence is hereby required to insert in such Licence, or to mdorfe thereon, the Age, Place or Places of Abode, and particular Description of such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, to whom and the Date when such Licence shall be granted, and no such Licence shall be valid or be deemed a Licence within the meaning of this Act, unless such Indorsement thereon, or Entry therein shall be respectively made in manner aforesaid, or if any such Indorsement or Entry shall be made in consequence of any such false or untrue Declaration as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares sold by Hawkers^Merchandize in respect whereof, or of any of them, any Person wit out icence Qr person8 j8 or are required to take out a Licence which shall be carrying or carried about for Sale, or fold or exposed to sale by any Person who shall not have a Licence, or who shall not on Demand of any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise, produce a Licence in Force shall be forfeited and may be seized by any such Justice or Officer; and if any Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other Person shall not on Demand of any Peace Officer, or Officer of Excise, produce or shew immediately unto such Officer demanding the same, his or her Licence or Licences for trading in Force, every such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other Person being thereof duly convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Offence shall he committed, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Di(lref8 and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice of the Peace, and the same to be paid to the Informer, and for Nonpayment thereof, such Offender shall be committed to the Common GaoTdr.House of Corrcftibd for any thhelnot exceeding Three Weeks; tk"4ei than Ten DafaT^

Proviso for Per-

fem (except lii'XwyittatoeSttiaid'S '" "'

Hoods carried or

forfeited; Hawker not producing Licence.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

A.D. 1815. 55# GEO^III. C. x$j>

from carrying abroad, exposing to Sale and felling any Goods or their own Ma-Wares made or manufactured by him or her, or his or her Husband, nufacture.and or Wife, or Child, or Apprentice or Apprentices, Journeyman or Journeymen, Mailer or Mistress, at any Public Fair, Market, or else- e*e Twdes, where; nor to prevent any Cooper, Glazier, Plumber, Tinker or and Persons Harness Maker, from going about in order to exercise their proper felling Wool or Trades, or from, carrying with him or them proper Materials for. Woollen Flax or exercising the same; nor to prohibit any Person or Persons from', n#n Goods' carrying about manufactured or unmanufactured Wool, Woollen or Worsted Goods, or from exposing the same to Sale in any Fair, Market, or other Place; nor to prohibit or restrain any Person or Persons from felling or exposing to Sale in any Place or Places whatsoever, any Flax, Tow, Hemp, Flaxen Yam or Thread, or any Manufacture or Article made in Ireland of Flax or of Cotton, or of both, or either mixed or unmixed, so as such Person or Persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to Sale any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, other than such as they are hereby allowed to carry and expose to Sale respectively.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall Onus probandi. arise whether any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, seized by virtue of this Act, arc of the Growth or Manufacture of Ireland, the Proof that they were of such Growth or Manufacture shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not on the Officer who shall seize the same.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act or any Act not to pro-thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend, judice Corpo-to give any Power for licensing any Hawker, or Pedlar, or Petty rations, &c. Chapman, to sell or expose to Sale any Wares or Merchandize in any City, Borough, Town Corporate or Market Town in Ireland, otherwise than such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman might have done before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding'.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person Selling elsewhere and Persons who shall convey Goods, Wares or Merchandize in thin within own respect whereof Hawkers, Pedlars or Petty Chapmen would under deemed the Provisions of this Act require to be licensed, and shall fell andw en* expose the same in Shops, Rooms, Warehouses or other Places in Cities, Towns and Places where they are not usually resident, and all and every Person and Persons who shall carry and convey such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to Public Streets and Places in the Cities, Towns Corporate and other Places in Ireland, where they respectively reside, not adjoining to their Dwelling Housea or other Apartments, and shall fell and expose the same to Sale, upon Stalls,

Stands, Sheds, Booths, Bulks or other Places, and also Persons under he Denomination of Leather Sellers or Leather Cutters, who hawk ibout from Town to Town, or sell or expose in Cities or Towns Corporate, and in Fairs, Markets or other Places, any Parcel or Parcels of Leather in Booths, Stalls, Standings or otherwise, and 11 and every Person and Persons who shall in any Place in Ireland, xcept in the Cfty. of Dublin or within Five Miles thereof, hawk bout old Ooathipigg.feU or expose to Sale old Cloaths, in any Stall, bed, Booth, Shop^other Place, shall be deemed Hawkers, Ped* in or Petty CUmwl and shall be fubieCh and liable to all and

7

Hawkers and petilar* to pay further Duty for each Person or Horl'e employed,

Licences what to contain.

Hawkers lending Licence.

[Penalty.]

Penalties not exceeding aol. how recovered.

C.ip.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18i*

every1 the Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures by Law enacted or to be enacted respecting Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, who shall employ any other Person (not being his Wife) in Company with such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, to carry any Boxes, Bundles, or Parcels of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall, on applying for a Licence, pay the further Duty by this Act granted for and in respect of every such Person; and every Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman who shall use any Horse or other Beall or Beasts of Burthen, shall also, on applying for a Licence, pay the further Duty by this Act granted, for or in respect of each such Horse or other Beast of Burthen; and in every such Licence respectively shall be mentioned and set forth the Number of Persons, Horses or other Beasts of Burthen, which such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall so employ or use, as the case may be; and every Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, who shall so employ or use any greater Number of Persons or Horses, or other Beasts of Burthen, than the Number which shall be so mentioned and set forth in such Licence, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted upon Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, trading without Licence.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person shall be lent to any Person, or be used by any Person, other than the Person to whom the same shall be granted, such Licence from thenceforth shall be void and of no effect, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, found in the Possession of the Person using the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds British Currency shall be incurred under the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland within his Jurisdiction to hear and determine any Information or Complaint for the Recovery of any (\ich Penalty, and also to hear and determine any Complaint or Information for Recovery of any Penalty against any Person for having fold any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Percy, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, without Licence, or for dealing in, retailing, making, manufacturing or keeping for Sale or exposing to Sale any of the respective Articles or Things in this Act mentioned, or for carrying on any Business, Tirade, Occupation or Calling for which a Licence is by this Act required, without having taken out such Licence respectively, and having the same in force, and in every such respective case and cases, to convict the Party offending on his or her own Consession, or on the Oath of any One credible Witness; and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint or Information made in that behalf within Three Months after the fftnee

U,

A.D. 1ffif 5jf GEO. III. C. 19. 71

trader his Hand and Seal for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture in-correct on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after Payment of the Penalty, and after deducing the Expence of such Sale, and for Want of Efficient Distress, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to commit such Offender to Gaol until such Penalty Impril'oament. or Forfeiture shall be paid j and if any Person shall find himself or htrfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace Appeal, at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from the Day when such Conviction shall have been made in the District in which such Offence shall have bees committed if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County, or County of a Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days Notice, previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively; and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witness upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer; and where Penalties any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of ceeding aol.

Twenty Pounds, the Came may be sued for and recovered by any how recovered.

Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint

or Information, or by Civil Bill, in any of the Courts of Record in

Dublin, or at the Quarter Sessions or the Justices of the Peace, or

at the Assizes, in any County, or County of a Town or City, in

Ireland, and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such

Penalty shall be recovered, to order the Offender to be committed: Imprisonment.

to Gaol m case of Nonpayment thereof, there to remain until such

Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and fatkfied.

LXXXV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be Magistrate* may lawful for any Justice erf the Peace or other Magistrate to summon summon Wit-any Person to appear before him to give Evidence for any Offence ne b QOt under this Act; and if any Person who shall be summoned as a ^P!ar'ngv.^ Witness for the Purpose afexresaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear Evidence! to such Summons, or, appearing, shall refuse to give his or her Teftt-raony, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, and in case of Penalty Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Magistrate shall issue a Warrant under mi Hand and Seal to levy such Sum by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, and for want of Effects fuf&eient to answer such Sum, shall issue a like Warrant to commit to Imprisonment. the House of Correction or County Gaol the Person so offending* there to remain mtU Payment of the said Sum or Penalty.

LXXXVL- rffrd be it further enacted, That it shall and tfury be One Justice may lawfoifor any Mfctt of the Pfiaeo witfcm h Jimfdidion to adtnini- adm'mifterOath*.

by this Act.

-.EXXXVXI, And

7*.

Justices to certify to Clerks of Peace when Conditions of Bonds violated.

C. 19.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Magistrates neglecting to enforce Provisions of Act.

[Penalty.]

Proceedings not removable by Certiorari, &c.

Appeal by unli-ceuied Spirit Retailer not to stay Execution unlei's Security given to abide Event of Appeal.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace in Ireland shall certify to the Clerk of the Peace, by fending the Record of the Conviction, that Proof has been-made before him that any-Condition in any of the Bonds hereinbefore required, to be entered into by any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, has been violated, specifying such Condition and the Violation thereof; such Clerk of the Peace shall thereupon transmit such Certificate, together with a Copy of the Conviction, and the Bond of the Person offending to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and the said Commissioners shall forthwith put or cause such Bond to be put in Suit.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland who shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry this Act into Execution upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency, for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, the Money recovered by such Action to be applied to the Use of the Person suing for the same.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged to be given or made by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certio-ran, out of the County, City, Town or Place, wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made into any Court whatsoever, and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XC. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, as an utilicensed Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors, no Appeal to be brought by any such Person shall stay or prevent the Execution of any Warrant or Process for the distraining of any Goo*ds or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of such Person, or for the Committal of such Person, unless and until such Person shall with Two sufficient Sureties have entered into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum equal to double the Amount of the Fine or Penalty so incurred, conditioned to pay the said Penalty so imposed its case the Judgment of Conviction for the same shall be wholly affirmed, with all Costs attending such Appeal; and if only affirmed in Part, then conditioned to pay so much of the said Penalty and Co(b as aforesaid, as such Person shall, on such Appeal* be adjudged to, have forfeited, which Bond shall be entered into before the Clerk of the Peace, if the Conviction shall be had before a jilftice of Peace; and if such Conviction shall be had before the; Comi&iflioners of,. Inland Taxevor thfflg- Sub Commissionert^theft foob BtmcLffiall

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 19. 71

Person tendering any such Appeal shall lodge the Certificate of such Collector or other Officer of having taken such Bond with the Register of the Commissioners of Appeals before such Appeal shall be received, in case the Conviction shall be had before the said Commissioners of Excise, or their Sub Commissioners, and which Certificate every such Collector or other Officer before whom such Bond shall be entered into, is hereby authorized and required to give without Fee or Reward.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon any Information, Ac- Informers, &c. tion, Suit or Prosecution, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or competent Forfeiture under this Act, and on any Trial or Proceeding on such Wiuieffw. Information, Action, Suit or Prosecution, the Informer or Prosecutor shall in all cases be a competent Witness.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That every Fine or Penalty of Application of or under Ten Pounds, which shall be imposed under the Authority Penalties of or of any Justice of the Peace under this Act, shall be applied, deducting un^rK1C|*?' the Expences of levying the same, as to One Half thereof, to the In- ^peac^ Ce* former, and as to the other Half, to the Churchwardens of the Parish wherein the Offence for which such Fine or Penalty shall be imposed shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Commissioners ful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or of Excise may any Three of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine, Penalty abate Fines im.-or Forfeiture, which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace under this Act; any thing in any Approbation? Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided that, every such Treasury. Abatement, Reduction and Mitigation shall be under and subject t6 all such Rules and Regulations as, by any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in force in Ireland, any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, incurred for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise, shall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall Perjury, take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, any such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons gtiilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Lato in force in Ireland; and Subornation of if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Perjury.

Persons to swear or affirm mfely in any such Oath or Affirmation, any such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning' hall, for every Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures,

Pains and Disabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury ire respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties to ba Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred under this Act, paid in British shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Cur- Currency, and t-iicy, and that such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable K, "S8

0 His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any Fine or Penalty Col-

?hich shall be incurred under this Act, and which shall be imposed \cQot of Excise. y any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, shall, within One Calendar

lonth next after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by le Justice of tte&ace or other Person by whom the same shall have ecn fo/kyied or ttoejted, to the IJolleftor of Excise of the District

1 which, the Qfew&WM wnjnjiited} and if any such Justice of

[Penalty.]

Justices of Counties may aft iu Counties of Cities save Dublin) on Offences for selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

Limitttion of A&iont.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Form of Conviction*

Conviction returned to Clerk of Peace.

C. 19. 55 GEO. III. A.DiiStf*

the Peace or other Person shall neglect or omit so to pay over the same, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum equal to double the Sum which shall be so omitted to be paid over.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace for any County in Ireland adjoining to or within which any County of a City is situated, shall be empowered, and they are hereby authorized and enabled to a A in such County of a City save and except the City and County of the City of Dublin), as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if they were Magistrates within such County of a City, so far only as shall relate to conviAing and levying the Penalties mflicted by this Act on all Persons who shall sell Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence in Ireland, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the alleged Cause of Action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the proper County where such alleged Cause of Action shall have arisen or begun; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdi A shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffe shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act shall cause the Arid Conviction to be made out in Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and1 effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without setting forth the Evidence or stating the case, in any more particular manner 5 that is to say,

it remembered. That on the in the Year of our Lord

Day of A.B. of

in the County of [or. County of the City or Town of

as the case may be-\r was convicted before me C. D One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or, County of a City ] for that the said A. B,

on the Day of no.w last past, at in

the said County of did, \bere fiat* the QJftnce\ contrary

to the Statute in that case made and providedana I do therefore adjpdge the said ^L 2?. to have forfeited the Sum of BritifB

' Currency. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

i

A.D. 1ffij.

5J GEO. III. C. 19.

IS

1 City, or County of a Town [as the case may flr], or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and be kept among1 the Records of the same County or Place; and if any Penalty, such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall, for every such Neglect or Qraiflion, forfeit Ten Pounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant to be issued Form of Warty such Justice of the Peace for levying any Penalty under any such wnt for levying Conviction from the Goods of such Offender, shall be in the Form en ue* following, or kt some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect; which Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes { that is to say,

County on* To M. and N. and each of them, and their and each of

i their Assistanta. to wit 3

WHEREAS on the Day of now last past,

E. F. of was duly convicted before me C D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of

4, for that he, [or, (he,] on the Day of

then last past, at in the said County of or, Coun-

4 ty of the City or Town of [as the case may he-\, did [here

1 set out the Offence], and thereupon the said E. F. hath become liable to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency; I do

therefore by these Presents authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E F. or 4 a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the fold Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you are by Public Safe thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E. P. the Overplus, if any; and the said Sam so levied you shall bring to me without Delay, to be disposed of accord-to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, Form of Wir-a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or rant of Cona Offenders, and the same shall be in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to' the Words, I do therefore by these Presents; ' which Words and all from thence to the Words,

disposed of according to Law' inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Places1; to wit,  4 And Whereat on the Day of a Warrant

was issued to* levy the said Sun* from the Goods of the fold Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said E, F. wheresoever you shall find* him in the said County, and bring him before me the said . JJb, or any other Magistrate of the said County 1*

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall; follow the Form, of such Warrant, save only that the Directbna thereof shall bft to the proper Gaoler; and that ftbm aid tftgrtb* Wtt&k 41, da therefore hereby authorize and crtnfflwifiyou/ teeihaR follow these Words, to receive intrtyttur Form of

4 Ci

76 C. ip, $5* GEO. III. A.D. 1IL5.

Form of Warrants.

I'orm of Warrant^ Committal

Custody the Body of the said E. F and him [or her] f?; 'ely to

keep for from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal

this Day of

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good at i valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

C. And be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the same into Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the same, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or some other Form of Words of the same Import respectively

County of 0 t Tq jtf' an(j and each of them, their and each of their \*Assistants.

to wit. j

WHEREAS on the Day of

in the Year

E. F. was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, for that he [or she] on the Day of then lash past, at

in the said County of did [here set out the Offence], and thereupon the said E. F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of

British Currency: And Whereas the said E. F. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions which hath affirmed the same, with Costs, making together with the said Fine or Penalty the Sum of

These are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E. F, the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us, or to One of us, [or to me, at the case may he] without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my Hand and Seal] this Day of

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, and a Warrant shall thereupon be issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the same shall be in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words ' these are therefore to authorize and

command you which Words and all from thence to the Words

disposed of according to Law* inclusive, shall be omitted, and this.Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit,  And Whereas on the Day of a Warrant

I to levy the said Sum from1 the Goods of thfe said '(hid such Goods could not be found sufficient to s '

JU.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. mi C. 19. 77

1 wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him

before ns {or me]

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, lave only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words, ' We [or I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you* there shall follow these Words, ' to take into your Form of

Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him [or her] safely to keep Corom L

for from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my Hand

and Seal] this Day of

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

CL. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Clerk of Peace Ireland shall within One Calendar Month after any such Conviction to fend Copies shall have been returned to his Office, fumi(h to the Collector of of Conviction to Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Did rid in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall receive from them to Com-such Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid the Sum of tni(fioner.

One Shilling and no more; and every such Collector or other Officer in Charge shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed to the said Commimoners of Excise and Taxes; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Collector, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, he or they shall, for every such Penalty.

Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Jurisdiction of Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed granted and made payable, Excise applied to and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall and may be R*c?very of raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for and recovered in the same Man- uties*&c* ner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under v

such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, managing and levying of any Duties in and by an Act made in Ireland, in die Fourteenth and 14 & 15 Car. 1. Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled 00 Sess. 4- c. 8. An Act for settling of the Excise or New Impost upon His Majesty, his Hein and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G. 3. c. 106. present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better &ct Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland; or in and by the several and respective Acts in force in Ireland relating respectively to the several and respective Duties in the Schedule to this Act mentioned and expressed, or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties ag- Appeal, grieved aa in and by the said Acts, or any of them, or any other Act; or

7*

C. 19.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18r$.

Penalties, &c. or Acts, is or shall be provided: Provided always, that all and every how disposed of the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act enforced, unless where otherwise directed by the same, shall be disposed of and applied One Moiety of each of them to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor.

Act altered*&c. CIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this prefect Session of Parliament.

[<S>x as to Stamp Duties generally* c. 87.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the Sums of Money or Duties to be payable in Ireland, on the several Licences herein after mentioned.

If such Licences respectively shall be respectively taken out,

After 25 March 1815, Sc before 29 Sept. 1815, indufive. After 49 Sept. 1815, & before 5 Jan. 1816, mclofive. After 5 Jan. 1816.

. x. d. . /. d. . x. d.

u* O O O 0 0 2 t 0 0

24 1* a 850 i. \ 33  1 - 1

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail in the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the Walls of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including ah Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, or within the Town of Belfast -Arty Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and not more tkan Two Miles distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein -

Any Licence to any Person to foil Spirituous Liquors, Wme, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Petty, Metheglin or Mead, i>y Retail:

la any oilier Place whfoq the D& trift of the hjauhir

4

'.-5.

ied by

iSi

A.D. 1815.

SfGtO.HL

79

C. 19.

If such Licences respectively shall be respectively taken out,

Licence for Malt House  continued.

Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles, and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Cafllebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinsale, Lilburn, Longford, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail:

Ir. any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described Any Licence to any Person to keep a Malt House, the working or drying Floor or Floors whereof shall not exceed 1, 400 I square Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of being used in any Brewery or Distillery; for each and every Malt House in which such Bu-finess shall be carried on Any Licence to any Person to keep a Malt House of any other Size or Di-menGon, and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Distillery; for each and every Malt House in which such Business shall be carried on in the following, Places; videlicet,

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including

After 25 March 1815, & before 29 Sept 1815, inclusive.

After 29 Sept, 1815, tc before 5 Ian. 1816, inclusive.

d.

16 10

850

4 10 o

After 5 Jan. 1816.

d.

5 10 o

2150

22 O O

I 10 O

6 o

Bo C. 19. 55 GEO. III. A.D.

If such Licences respectively shall be respectively taken out,

Licence for Malt House  continued. all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Fran- After 25 March 1815, & before 29 Sept. 1815, inciufive. After 29 Sept. 1815, & before 5 Jan. 1816, inciufive. After 5 Jan. 1816.

cis's Abbey, or within the Town of Belfail Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, and within One Mile thereof, respectively, or in any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Balinafloe, Bandon, Car-low, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kin-sale, Lisburn, Longford, Lough-'^rea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross,

Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein, respectively -

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described Any Licence to any Person to fell Malt, the Party felling the same not being licensed to make Malt

Any Licence to any Person to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, for each and every Brew House in the following Places; videlicet, In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or beyond the said Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Burk the Phoenix, notjnot* than Two Miles distafrt

. s.

23 12

 s

77

15 15 o n 16 3

*5 15

. i. d.

31 10 o

-by

If such Licences respectively Hi all be respectively taken out.

Afrer5 March 1815, & before 29 Sept. {815/inclusive. After 29 Sept. i8ij, & before 5 Jan. 18x6, inclusive. After $ Jan. 1816.

. s d\ . t. d. ' S' d.

39 7 6 13*6 52 10 0

t

23 12 6 7 17 6 3* 10 0

J9 139155 0 6113 5 jo 26 5 0 21 0 0

0 1590 5 .3 I I O

0 1590 S'3 I I O

0 1590 S 3 I I O

0 7 10 2 0*7 i 0 10 6

Licence for Brew House  continued.

therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, or within the Town of Belfast -

Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein, or in any Place within the District of the Excise Office in Dublin, beyond the Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles therefrom, and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castle-bar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kiusale, Lilburn, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -In any other Part in Ireland Any Licence to any Person, to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to Tan Leather Any Licence to any Person, to dress Hides or Skins in Oil -Any Licence to any Person, to make Vellum or Parchment -

Any Licence to any Person, to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which such Still or Stjlls is or are ca-

SS Gw. III.

82

c. 19.

55'

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller or an Importer of Spirits; provided that any such Importer shall not be authorized to fell any Spirits not imported by himself without taking out such Licence Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Tobacco m any manner -

And further for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep Any Licence to any Person to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a wholesale Importer only -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries -

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them for Sale; videlicet,

In the City of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Paper Hangings -Any Licence to any Person to fell Paper flangings, not being the Manufacturer thereof; videlicet.

In the City of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in Ireland Tending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place thereof'In any 6ther Pkrt of Ireland Any Licence to any Person to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill

Any Licence to any Person to brew or tnak Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines

Mead for Sale -Any Licence to any Person to xtoike Viriegar for! Sale, -

AnyLiCCtice tb affy Person^o fell Tea or Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign.

^-1. videliggt*

If such Licences respectively shall be taken out,

On or after a5 Mar. 1815, and before 5 Jan-1816, indufive. After 5 Jan. 1816.

. 15 15 0 . s. d. 21 O 0

660 8 8 0

3 3 0 4 4 0

7 17 (5 10 10 0

0 1591 I 0

3 3 xxi 6 0 0

3195 5 0

in 6 0 IS9O O

1 11 6 2 2

389i '* 1 ti. 6 1 s s'*' i t 6

1'Currants, -Raffias

1 1

- Cf.

3* 9

5 5

L-J. i.-v

c. 19. 83

1 If such Licences respectively shall be taken out,

I On or after U5 Mar. 1815, I and before 1 j Jan. 1816, \fter 5 Jan. 18x6.

I inclusive.

: 1  s. d. . S. d.

1 3 i*95 5 0

2 7 3 f r 1 I y >r 1 I [n 1 ct 1'3 3 0

*1 31895 5 0

p* ON 12 2 0

- 1 4 H < 5 6 6

- I 2 73tel, 7'; the J llOUB 1 5 3 3

- 1 I 11 6122

Licence for Tea, &c.  continued.

In the City of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in every City,

Place -

In any other Part of Ireland \ny Licence to any Person to fell 01 i Gold or Silver Plate; videlicet,

In the City of Dublin, or within t Road surrounding the same, and or Town in Ireland fending a

House, or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland

i and Worms of Stills; videlicet,

Members to serve in Parliament, Two Miles of the Sessiona House, House, or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland Any Licence to any Person to keep a Tav Club House or Coffee House, the Person 1

Liquors -

Any Licence to any Person to sell by Auction; videlicet,

Within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of MSaft -

In any other Part of Ireland -Any Licence to any Person to make Glass Bottles, and other Veflth or Utensils, of common Bottle Metal # -

Any Licence to pjy JPerfpn tQ exercise the Trade or Calling of a Haw<*r, Pedlat, Petty Chapman, or other jtntibg Person going from Place to Place in

7 17 3

10 10

5 5

9 1

A.D. 1815.

Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with a Horse or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize; also Licences to travelling Tinkers and Cafters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons bawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale -

And further for every Servant, or other Person employed in carrying Goods of any such Hawker, Pedlar or Chapman, and for every Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing burthen, which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares and Merchandize -

Any Licence to any Person to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty -

Any Licence to any Person to carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by way of Auction or on Commission -

Any Licence to any Person to let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage

If such Licences respectively shall be taken out,

On or after % S Mai. 1815, and before 5 Jan. 1816, inclusive. After 5 Jan. 1816.

. s. d. . u d.

i ii 6 2 2 0

1 11 6 2 2 0

0 39O O

039 O U", O

in 6 2 2 0

CAP. XX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1815.]

SXP. " Number of Foroes, 204, 386, exclusive of Forces employed in the

Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, and of Foreign " Corps in Brit'ish Pay.

[See post. c. 108.]

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d March 1815.]

No Paymaster XXXV. AND be it further enacted, That, from and after the De*<hiUouout twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, of Officers or no Paymaster or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall receive any

A.D. 1815. sj GEO. III. C.ai, S

Widows' Pensions, and such other necessary Deductiona as shall from time to time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to be signified by their Secretary for the time being under his Hand.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several and respective 4?G*3* c-9*h Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco Sch* A*

into Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacks of such Duties on the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain,

should be repealed, and that other Duties and Drawbacks should be imposed in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Duties fcc.

and after the Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight m; ide to cease*

hundred and fifteen, the several and respective Duties of Customs.

payable on the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacks of the said Duties allowed on the

Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain shall cease, determine

and be no longer paid or allowed, save and except in all cases relating Exception.

to the recovering, paying or allowing any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid or allowed, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture

relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight hundred

and fifteen; and that from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead New Duties, tec.

+of the Duties and Drawbacks hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duties and Drawbacks as the same are inserted, described

and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.):

Provided always, that if any Tobacco legally imported into Great Duties not pay-Britain shall be deposited in Warehouses according to the Directions able on ware-of the several Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before houft d Tobacco the passing of this Act, relating to the Importation and Warehousing Home Trade, of Tobacco in Great Britain, then and in such case the Duties of r Customs hereby imposed upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Tobacco shall be delivered for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse in which the same may be deposited, lodged or secured according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco which shall have Tobacco not been lodged and deposited in any such Warehouse previous to the taken out of said Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and Warehouse till fifteen, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall new ^uty P3'* not have been paid, shall be taken out of such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, until the Duties granted by this Act shall hSvebeen fully paid, notwithstanding such Tobacco had been imported on or before the said Twenty first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

C. 22.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Duties under Management of Commissioners of Customs.

Duties how levied.

Penalties, &c. of former AGs in Force.

Duties paid into Exchequer.

49 G. 3. c. 98. 47.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties at shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall bs managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force 011 or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full force and effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under the Title and Description of Permanent Duties, are directed to be appropriated and applied.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks of the said Duties allowed upon the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain.

Permanent.

TOBACCO. Duty. Drawback.

Imported into Great Britain, or when taken out of the . /. d. . s. d.

Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, for every Pound Weight - OIO __

Having been delivered out of the Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture, in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law,   Into ShortCut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco or, Roll Tobacco, for every Pound Weight -  Into Carrot Tobacco, for every Pound Weight 008.

0 & '9.

ah mi -u

JC fr-'

Si-.

W

is

int

55 GEO. III.

87

C. 23.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation of Citrat of Lime, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs now 49 G.3, c. 98. 1

payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of Citrat Sch. A.

of Lime should be repealed, and that other Duties should be im*

posed in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Duties made tc* the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the ceaft

Duties of Customs payable by Law upon the Importation into Grca\

Britain of Citrat of Lime shall cease and determine, save and except Exception, in all cases relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen j and that, from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duty.

Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Pound weight Avoirdupois of Citrat of Lime imported into Great Britain the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties a? P, utlcs under shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be Co^mJfioners* under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Eng- of Customs. land for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be Duties hour managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, lev, ei

in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now in v

force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures Penalties, &c. of

for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any former Acts in

Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the force*

passing of this Act made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or

for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses,

Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in fqll Force and Effect as to the said Duties as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time Duties paid into arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and ac- Exchequer, counting for the same respectively excepted, fliaS, from time to time,

be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster^ and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties repealed fry ^re directed to be appropriated and applied.

'j

t by I

C. 24.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Ireland, in lieu of the Duties of Customs heretofore payable on such Exportation.

[23d March 1815.]

45 G. 3. c. 18.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Sch. (C.)Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and by the Schedule marked

(C.) to the said Act annexed, certain Duties of One Pound Ten

Shillings and of Four Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth,

4 Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (except as in the said Act and Schedule mentioned) were imposed upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Ireland, and which said Duties were equal in Amount to like Duties imposed on Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain exported from Great Britain; but Part of which said Duties in Great Britain, being Temporary or War Duties, have expired

and it is therefore just and reasonable that such Duties only should be imposed in Ireland on the Exportation from thence of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of < Ireland, as shall not exceed the Duties now existing in Great Britain on the Exportation from thence of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by artd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successor8, upon the Exportation from Ireland of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland,

annexed, in Ueu the several Duties of Customs for every One hundred Pounds of the r^true and real Value thereof as are mentioned and set forth in the

Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, (except as in the said Schedule is excepted) in lieu and full Satisfaction of the several Duties of One Pound Ten Shillings and Four Pounds payable in Ireland upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or the Schedule marked (C.) to the said recited Act annexed, or of any Act or Acts for continuing the said Act in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, but in Addition to the several Ddd charged on certain Gotrdij*and Merchandize, oftheiGri>irth, Prodiiceof t nufacture-xtf^ Ireland, enumerated in.>the^6heduW<m^

7orty fif&JTcarflf^

Certain Duties n Exportation cf Goods from Ireland paid according to Schedule (A.')

of Duties granted by 45 G. 3. c. 18. Sch. (C)

- Sjujped to the said< recited

Je* '

89

55 GEO. III. C. 24.

Majesty's Reign; and that the Duties of One Pound Ten Shillings and Four Pounds payable under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the said Schedule marked (C.) to the said Act annexed, upon any such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize in respect of the Value thereof, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- 54 o. 3. 0. 1*9.

ment, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties,

and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; it is, amongst  j1other things, provided that whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain granted or made

payable by any Act in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of the said recited Act, upon any Articles on which any!

4 Duty is iraposed by the said Act, or the Schedule to the said Act annexed, or any Part of such Duties, in Great Britain, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in 1 Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by the said recited Act and made payable in Ireland as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall, in like manner, cease or determine or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and that the Duties of Customs made payable by the said recited Act shall be reduced accordingly:

1 And Whereas certain Temporary or War Duties on the Exportation from Great Britain of certain of the Articles, Matters and

4 Things mentioned and set forth in thp Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, have

ceased and determined, and are no longer payable Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Eighteenth Day of December One instead of

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, Duties payable

collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon under

the Exportation from Ireland to any Country or Place, except Great c-129*

Britain, of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned, Duties specified

expressed and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act an- in Schedule (B.)

nexed, the several Duties and Sums of Money in the said Schedule to hereto annexed

his Act annexed, mentioned, set forth and expressed, in lieu and full

satisfaction of all Duties payable in Ireland on the Exportation from

hence of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or

>y virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or

f the said Schedule marked (B.). to the said recited Act annexed;

nd that, from and after the passing of this Act, all Duties payable

nder the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or the

lid Schedule marked (B.) thereto annexed, upon the Exportation of

ic several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned, specified and

(pressed in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, shall

afe and determine and be no longer paid or payable.

III. And be it'&hher enacted, That all the Duties in this Act d in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned "nc^u*wr* d contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable British Currency i and Chat all the said Duties shall be carried to

and

I

1

9o

C. 24* 55 % GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

FundlK, ate<* made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the Duties paid ac- Duties io the said Schedules specified, mentioned and contained,

cording to shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in

Tale, &c this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified,

mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also.in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties Duties how by this Act granted and made payable, # shall be raised, levied, col-levied. lested, paid and applied, in the same Manner and under such Powers

and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the nVsXffCaT ^8 of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An

'e.4. c..^y^r settling the Excise or new Imbojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs sind Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's 46 G. 3. cxo6, Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the c* several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the

Management of the Commissioners of Custonu and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland $ or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal, to and appeal. for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Afte as aforesaid, is provided.

SCHEDULES to which this Act: refers.

Schedule (A.)

DUTIES payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland.

In addition to the specific Duties charged on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, enumerated in Schedule (C.) of the Act 45 Geo. III. c. 18. and in lieu of the Duties of ji 10 o and j?4 o o in the said Schedule mentioned in respect of the Value of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

All Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth or M^nufac-

ture of Ireland, except as herein after mentioned, exported to any Port of Europe, pr to any Port qr Place within the StreightB of1'.

w erery rfiQO of the true and re*l ysdoe thereof -, p jg p

Linenttf rf Urfpid.'; X&j*v

55 GEO. III. C#24*

Schedule (A.)  continued.

Except,

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Isle of Man, which may be legally exported to the said Island.

- Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures, being

of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- Corn or Grain.

- Refined Sugar in^ Loaf complete and whole, or Lump

duly refined, or any refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Sugar broken in Pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Molasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

All Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every JiSioo of the true and real Value thereof -

Except,

- Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland.

Bullion.

- Corn or Grain. '

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- All Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Clothing or Implements

or Materials fit or necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, for the Ue and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels or on Shore in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Ireland to the said Island.

- All refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump

duly refined, and all refined Sugar called Baltards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Molasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

. s.

o o

Schedule (B.)

DUTIES payable on the Exportation of Foreign Merchandize from Ireland to.any Country or Place except Great Britain in lieu of the Duties on the like Articles under Schedule (B.) of the Act 45 (a) Geo. III. c. 129.

(a) [J4 G. 3. c. 1*9.]

Agaric j videlicet,

- rough or untrimmed, the lb.

- trimmed or pared, the lb.

Ammoniacum Sal.-&* Sal Ammoniacum. Annotto, the lb.

Antononium Crudua, the cwt.

Aquafortis, the Gallon Arabic, Gum.  Set Gum.

Argol, fcieicwt.

. s. d.

- O O4

- 0 0 4^

0 0 \\

- 0 0 4x

m m 0 0 4,

m m 1 009!

*j

1

r

92 C.i4* 55' GEO. III.

Schedule (B.)  continued.

Arsenic, the cwt.

Bayberrie8, the cwt.

Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skin Wool ----- -See Wool.

Brazil Wood. - -7c nr j

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood. - J "ee 'Calaminaris Lapis.  See Lapis Calaminaris. Cochineal, the lb.

Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Fustic.  See Wood.

Galls, the cwt. -Gem Sal.  See Sal.

Guinea Wood.  See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum; videlicet,

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Senega, the cwt.

Stic Lac, the cwt.

Jamaica Wood.  See Braziletto Wood in Wood. Indigo of the East Indies, the loolbs.

Ifmglass, the cwt.

Lapis Calaminaris, for every 100 of the Value Litmus, the cwt.

Madder, the cwt.

Root, the cwt.

Nicaragua Wood  See Wood.

Orchal, the cwt.

Orchelia, the cwt.

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt.

Red or Guinea Wood.  See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.

Sal; videlicet;

- Ammoniacum, the cwt.

- Gem, the cwt.

Sapan Wood.  See Wood.

Saunders red, the cwt.

Senega Gum.  See Gum.

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick Lac.  See Gum.

Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cwt.

Verdigris, the lb.

Wood; videlicet,

- Brazil Wood, the cwt.

- : . Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the cwt.

- Fustick, the cwt.

- Logwood, the cwt.

(# exported in British Ships Duty-free.)

i Nicaragua Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt,

R*4 -r GuineavWood, the cwt. 1

Wood, the cwt. 1

i "

ool* the lb.

f -

. x. d. 049 003 009

o o 4] o i 3

i 16 9

066

049

o 10 O I

0 I 3 009 006

o O It

049

0 4 9

O O IOi 006

04? 040 o o

I!

O I 3

o 09 003 o 1 3

; li-9 - 5.A

ized by

55 GEO. III. C. 2$, 26.

93

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Brown Linens in Ireland.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS the Manufacture of Linen Webu at or under

XX the Set of Six Hundred has greatly increased, and it would greatly tend to encourage that Brand of the Manufacture

if proper Regulations were made concerning it: And Whereas also it would be expedient to regulate generally the Lengths

and Breadths of the Denomination of Linen called Three Quarter

Widest Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled

and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall sell or expose Brown Linens for sale any Piece of Brown Linen in any of the Linen Markets of of certain Ireland of the Denomination called Three Quarter Widesy being of LeiTtiu an or under the Set of Six Hundred, which mall not be fully Twenty eight Inches broad, and if exceeding Fifty two Yards in Length, which shall not be Seventy Yards long, under the Penalty of forfeiting Penalty, every such Piece so fold or offered for sale.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Seal Mailer of Brown Sealing Piece Linen shall seal any Piece of Brown Linen of the Denomination not of proper called Three Quarter Widesy which shall not be of the Width of D, mentions. Twenty eight Inches at lead, and without concealed Damages, and of equal Fineness and Thickness throughout, or any Piece exceeding in Length Fifty two Yards, unless the Piece shall be Seventy Yards long, under the Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings for each Piece, penalty.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall pack up packing up for

or enter for Exportation any Piece of Three Quarter-wide Linen Exportation which shall not be fully Twenty eight Inches wide if Brown, or I .'men not of Twenty seven Inches wide if White, under the Penalty of forfeiting F0P*r Width, every such Piece so packed up or entered for Exportation. pena V*

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences which shall or Penalties how may be committed against this Act shall and may be heard and de- recovered and termined, and all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall or may be applied, incurred or imposed by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for, recovered and disposed of in like manner and by the lame ways and methods as are directed by any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws now in force, relating to the Importation of and Trade in Corn; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Corn, Com at all Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign times imported Country, which may now by Law be imported into the United and waxehoused.

Kingdom,

I

C.i6.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Com taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

Prices at which Com imported for Home Consumption.

When British Corn is below Prices before mentioned, no Corn imported or taken out of Wsurehouse.

Times for taking Average Prices of British Corn.

Kingdom, shall and may at all times be allowed to be brought to the said United Kingdom, and to be warehoused there, under the Regulations and Provisions of the Laws now in force relating to Corn, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and that such Corn, Meal and Flour, so warehoused, may at all times be taken out of Warehouse, under the Regulations and Provisions now by Law in force, and be exported according to such Laws, without Payment of any Duty whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Com, Meal or Flour, may be taken out of Warehouse, and be entered for Home Consumption, in the said United Kingdom, under and subject to the Regulations and Provisions now in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever Foreign Com, Meal or Flour of the same Sort, shall or may by Law be admissible into the said United Kingdom, for Home Consumption.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, shall and may be permitted to be imported into the said United Kingdom, for Home Consumption, under and subject to the Provisions and Regulations now in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever the Average Prices of the several Sorts of British Com, made up and published in the manner now by Law required, shall be at or above the Prices hereafter mentioned; that is to say, whenever Wheat shall be at or above the Price of Eighty Shillings per Quarter; whenever Rye, Pease and Beans, shall be at or above the Price of Fifty three Shillings per Quarter; whenever Barley, Beer or Bigg, shall be at or above the Price of Forty Shillings per Quarter; and whenever Oats shall be at or above the Price of Twenty seven Shillings per Quarter.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Average Prices of British Com so made up and published, shall respectively be b?low the Prices hereinbefore Rated, no Foreign Cora, or Meat, or Flour, made from any of the respective Sorts of Foreign Corn hereinbefore enumerated, shall be allowed to be imported into the United Kingdom, for the Purpose of Home Consumption, or taken out of Warehouse for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Average Price of the several Sorts of British Corn, by which the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal or Flour, into the United Kingdom, shall be regulated and governed, shall continue to be made up and published in any manner now required by Law; but that if it shall hereafter at the time after the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal or Flour shall be permitted, under the Provisions of this Act, appear that the Average Prices of the different Sort6 of British Corn respectively, in the Six Weeks immediately succeeding the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May, the Fifteenth Day of August and the Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, shall have fallen below the Prices at which Foreign Com, Meal or Flour, may be, under the Provisions of this Act, allowed to be imported for Home Consumption, no such Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, shall be aBowed to be imported iato-the United Kingdom for Home Consumption, from tiny Place b$wKtte Rivers EydervA Bidaffoa, both inelufiTe, 1

g JK3 3  M*J MJrit 3a n

C. 2&

95

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Corn, Meal or Flour, Prices at which being the Growth, Produce or Mamifefture of any Colony

or Plantation in North Amcnca> as may now by Law be imported -n Nonh into the United Kingdom, may hereafter respectively be imported America im-for Home Consumption, without Payment of any Duty, whenever ported, the Average Prices of British Corn, made up and published as now by Law required, shall respectively be at or above the Prices hereafter specified; that is to say, whenever the Price of Wheat shall be at or above Sixty seven Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Rye, Pease and Beans, shall be at or above Forty four Shillings per Quarter j whenever the Price of Barley, Beer or Bigg shall be at or above Thirty three Shillings per Quarter; and whenever the Price of Oats shall be at or above Twenty two Shillings

per Quarter.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever When Com the Prices of British Corn respectively rfiall be below the Prices below. Price* herein specified, Corn, or Meal, or Flour made from any of the mentioned, no respective Sorts of Corn herein enumerated, the Growth, Produce or America Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, imported, shall no longer be allowed to be imported into the United Kingdom

for Home Consumption.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Com, Meal or Flour, jjorth American the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plan- Com imported tation in North America, as may now by Law be imported into the and warehoused, United Kingdom, shall at all times be permitted to be imported into according to

the United Kingdom, and warehoused according to the Laws now in aws m orcc* force, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and be taken out of the Warehouse, and exported according to the Laws now in force,

Without Payment of any Duty whatever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Com, Meal or Flour, Corn taken 00t

so warehoused, may he taken out of Warehouse, and entered for of Warehouse Home Consumption in the United Kingdom, whenever Cora, Meal whenever Corn or Flour, of the like Description, imported direct from any such of similar De-Colony or Plantation, shall be admissible by Law for Home Con- fcr, Ption im" fmnption, but not otherwise. porte

X. Provided always, That hothing in this Act contained shall ex- proviso for tend or be construed to extend to repeal or any wife alter the Duties Rights of Cor-of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties portion of Lon. payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of lon*or .lher London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or Porat, ons*

or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law j but the same shall be continued as heretofore: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter the Payments to be made to the Inspector of Corn Returns, as directed by an Act made in the Forty third \ (a) f Sic..Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting Corn brought into the Port of London, (a) [&* 31 G. 3. c. 30. 44.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in proviGons of force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by which former Act es any Rules, Regulations or Conditions were made, established or di- tended 10

i

A A varied, & c.

43 G. 3. c. 81.

46 G. 3. c. 39.

46 G. 3 c. ioj.

47 G.3. SelE 1. c.7.

54 G. 3. c. 73.

Duties of Excite continued.

C. 26, 27. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all* Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain iu full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to this Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS several of the Additional Duties of Excise granted by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Hu* Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive 1 Treaty of Peace, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and certain Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco andSnuff imported into Great Britain, granted by an Act made in theForty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and the Duties in- ferted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.), an- nexed to another Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His said* Majesty's Reign, and certain Additional Duties of Excise on ' Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britaint granted by another Act made in the Forty seventh ' Year of His said Majesty's Reign, would have expired at certain*limited times after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of*Peace, had not the same been continued: And Whereas the samewere and are, by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said* Majesty's Reign, continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and it is expedient further to continue the same in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the said Duties of Excise by the said Acts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight iitin-dred and fifteen, and are by the said Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty continued until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One tjhpufand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the same respectively^Sre hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

- r-V'i -nj.

vtfastt

ill;

tiks,

baty

bap-

sAi

30 i

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 28, 29.

97

il<ad

sol

'lit

ft

ikf

0

si

dr

1

2

9

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of 44 G. 3. c. x.

W the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in fiveral Acts made in the Thirty froe nth, Thirty eighth, Forty second and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England; which Act has by several subsequent Acts (a) been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas it is highly

desirable that the Bank of England should as soon as possible return to the Payment of its Notes in Cash, but it is expedient that the Provision of the said Act should be further continued; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby fur- continued, ther continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. (a) \Only One A3, namely 54. G. 3. c. 99.]]

[$ as to Bank of Ireland, pofi. c. 41.3

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies, and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in Ame- rica; and also between Malta and the United Kingdom.

[23d March 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant further Facilities to the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies, and His Majesty's Sugar Colonies and Plantations in America, as well as between Malta and its Dependencies, and the United Kingdom

Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent^of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal. and Commons, in this prefimt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of Goods in this Act, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ship, Sch. (A.) in any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, dipped from any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule hereunto annexed, ?ug!r marked (A.), being of the Growth and Produce of any such Co- Malta!*1 lony or Plantation, or any such Articles as may now or may hereafter be bj Law importea into the said Colonies, and to export the fane direct to the ljjland of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, in such Ships or Vefck and under such Licences, Entries, Securities,

Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are herein after particularly manooed or describedlv '

55GW.IU. H II. And


Shipped in British-built.

Ships;

and by Licence.

Notices.

Oath.

Bond.

Certificate.

Vessel* convey, ing oth?jr Articles tha$ al-lovved^

[Penalty.]

C. 29.

55 GEO. III.

II. And be it farther enacted, That no Articles so allowed to be laden and exported from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations aforesaid, shall be shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, for the Purpose of being carried to the said I Hand of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, except in British-bmUt Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; nor unless a Licence shall have been first taken out for that Purpose, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port at which any of the said Articles is or are intended to be shipped or laden, and which Notice must be first given in Writing, by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, or the Person intending to ship any of the said Articles, to the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, of such Intention, and that such Ship or Vessel shall, when laden, proceed direct to the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof; and the Owner or Proprietor, or the Person or Persons intending to ship any of the Articles aforesaid, shall then make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the said Port (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer) that it is his or their full Intention and Resolution to load such Ship or Vessel with Articles enumerated in the said Schedule marked (A.) for Exportation, direct to the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, and to no other Place whatever: And the Master of the Ship or Vessel, together with the Owner or Proprietor, or Person intending to ship the said Articles, shall thereupon, enter into Bond, to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of such Goods, with Condition that in case a Licence shall be granted giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to lade and carry the said Articles from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, to the said Island of Malta or its Dependencies, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed direct to the said Island or its Dependencies, and that no Goods whatever, except such as shall be included in the Licence before mentioned, and: except such as may now by Law be exported from the said Colonies or Plantations to Malta, shall be taken on board such Ship or Vessel; and also, that before the Expiration of Two Years from the Date of such Licence, the same shall be given up to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where the said Articles were shipped and laden, together with a Certificate signed and sea]ed by the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Istand, or by the principal Officer of the Customs there, certifying the landing^ of the said Articles, together with the Contents, Weight or Quantity, and the Marks and Number of the Casks or other Packages of such Articles so landed, together with Jpe Name of the Ship and Master thereof from which such Goods were so landed.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel^ licensed by virtue of this Act, shall take on hoard, in any, of the.laidu Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or on her Voyage from thence*, anjft other Articles than such as aiy aDpwed to be taken. on board an4; e^ 1 potjt^.by virtue o, f this, Act> allfuchAftifck so taken, or,

I^KSfaJp pr Vel^j^fW J '*w mr^

99

A.D. 18i^ 55 Gib. III. C. 29.

in any other Court of Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; One Third Part to be for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

One Third Part to the Governor of the Colony, and the other Third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any of the Articles Entry made on enumerated in Schedule (A.) shall be laden or put on board any Gtwds*

Ship or Vessel in the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, by virtue of a Licence to be granted under the Authority of this Act, to be carried to the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, the Merchant or other Person intending to export the said Articles in such Ship or Vessel, shall make an Entry or Entries of all such Articles in Writing, with the Collector and Comptroller, of His Majesty's Cirstoms, expressing the Name of the Ship, and of Name of Ship, the Master of the Ship, on board of which the Articles are to be &c. liden, and where (he lies, and also the Place, Quay or Wharf where the same is or are to be laden, or first water-born in order to be laden, which shall be within such Port only where a Custom House is established, and where an Officer or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and shipping thereof, or at such Place or Places as shall be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant, to be taken out from the Collector and Comptroller for that Purpose; and Cocquet.

shall take out from the said Collector and Comptroller a Cocquet or Warrant accordingly, whereon shall be indorsed by the Exporter, the particular Weight and Quantity, with Marks, Numbers and Contents, Sorts or proper Denomination of such Articles, and shall deliver the Cocquet or Warrant so indorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping thereof, and shall ship or lade the said Articles in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and at such Place or places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the shipping thereof; and such Officer or Officers are hereby em- Officers exam'm-powered to examine the same, before they are put on board; and ifng. upon examining the Articles which shall be shipped or brought to be shipped by virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant, either before or after the Shipping thereof, the Weight or Quantity of the Goods, or the Number of Calks or Packages shall be greater than is indorsed thereon; or if any other Articles of the Description mentioned in Schedule (A.) but such as shall be so indorsed on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, shall be discovered to have been laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty, to trade to the said Island of Malta, ox the Dependencies thereof, by virtue of this Act, or shall be brought to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put into any Hoy, lighter, Boat or other Vessel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Vessel, before such-Entry or taking out such Cocquet or Warrant, indorsing and delivering of the same, and not being shipped in the manner aforesaid, but shall be ijttt on board, or attempted to be put on board, contrary .0 the Directioni of this A &; all such Articles so shipped or brought 0 be shipped, ioatty of the cases aforesaid, shall be forfeited and oft, and aHo tfclttj, lighter, Boat or other Vessel or Carriage riiateveh employfcf m shipping pr attempting to ship any Goods ther thSh those enuftriiated in the-Schedule marked (A.) together nth VaRron which1 such Goods shall be so laden; and

H a

Cj O

[Penalty.]

Ship departing from Colonies Licence.

Fee.

In what case Licence void.

Ships to load at

Malta certain Articles for Colonies.

15 Car. c. 7.

Duties.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

the Owner shall, forfeit double the Value thereof, to be recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty held in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, One Third Part to be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other Third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor: And before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the said Colonies, with any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) laden as aforesaid, the Matter or other Person having or taking Charge thereof, shall receive the said Licence from the Collector or Comptroller, with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affixed thereto, under their Hands and Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, Indorsements and Certificates; for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements and Certificates or Copies, no more shall be taken by the said Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees; and the Matter or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship, shall, before he receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Collector and Comptroller, who are hereby required as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Licence, Indorsements and Certificates, to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and record in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Notice m Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel, the Affidavit of the Shipper, the Licence granted for the Exportation of the Articles, together with the Clearance; but in case any of the Articles enumerated in Schedule (A.) shall be found on board, or carried by any such Ship or Vessel to the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, other than such as are mentioned in the said Licence, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall cease and become void and of none Effect; and such Ship or Vessel, and also the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Vessel, or any other Ship or Vessel being British-built, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, to load at the said Island of Malta or any of the Dependencies thereof, any of the Articles enumerated in the Schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed, for Exportation direct to any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, and any such Article may be landed in any such Colony or Plantation^ being first duly entered with the proper Officers of the Customs there; any thing contained in an Act made in England, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, or any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the said Articles, Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Wine excepted), shall, upon Importation into any of the said Colonies or plantations, be subject and liable, to the J*"

higher Duties; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Sort Wine imported of Wine which by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall be im- into Colonies to ported or brought into any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or P3? iable^on* Plantations in America, from the Island of Malta or the Dependen- Madeira Wine, cies thereof, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of such and the like Duties, and no other, as are due and payable on Madeira Wine when imported into any of the said Colonies or Plantations directly from the Island of Madeira.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Licence being When Bonds returned to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the ^charged.

Port where the Articles enumerated in Schedule (A.) were shipped,

and an Account of the lading being indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, and also upon such Certificate of the Governor or Deputy Governor or Principal Officer of the Customs, being produced as aforesaid, and the several other Matters and Things required by this Act being duly complied with, within Two Years from the Date of such Licence, the Bond given before granting such Licence shall be discharged and delivered up; any thing in the said Bond or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be prosecuted in the manner directed by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Goods exported ful to export from Newfoundlandthe Island of Bermuda, or any from Colonies to of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in North America, any Ar-

tides of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of such Colony or Plantation, or any Articles which have been legally imported into such Colony or Plantation direct to the Island of Malta., or the Dependencies thereof, in such Ships and Vefieis, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are hereinbefore mentioned and described, as to Exportation from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Certain Goods to import from the Island of Malta, or any of the Dependencies imported from thereof, direct into JNewfoundland, the Island of Bermuda, or any Malta direct to of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in North America, any of on, e8'

the Articles enumerated in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B.) in such Ships and Vessels, and under such Regulations and Re-ttriftions as are hereinbefore mentioned and described, as to the Importation of the said Articles into any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America.

X. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, Goods and Commodities of the Streights or Levant Seas may be imported into the United Kingdom in jBri/i/2>-built Ships, and navigated and registered according to Law, from the usual Ports or Places for landing them heretofore within the said Streights or Levant Seas,

though the said Commodities be not of the very Growth of the said Places: And Whereas it is expedient that such Goods should be allowed to be in like manner imported from the Island of Malta and the Dependencies thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That, Goods of Levant from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any from

Person or Persons to import from the Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof into the United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares

or

Duties.

Persons free of Turkey Company, to im|K)rt Raw Silk from Malta.

[Proviso.]

Thrown Silk imported from Malta.

Recovery of Penalties.

C. 2c* 55f GEO. III.

or Merchandize, not prohibited to be imported, being of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Streights or Levant Seas, in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in no other Ship or Vessel whatever, on Payment of such Duties as. now are or hereafter may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize when imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwich(landing: Provided always, that all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Signior, Jwithin the Levant Seas, so imported under the Authority of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the same Duties, to the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, as shall be payable on the like Articles when imported direct from Turkey by Persons being Members of the said Company.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the said Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to import into the United Kingdom from the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered, according to Law, any Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn, being the Growth or Production of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Signior, within the Levant Seas; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Raw Silk and Mohair Yam so imported into the United Kingdom under the Authority of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Duties due and payable to the said Turkey Company, in like manner as if such Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn had been imported into the United Kingdom directly from Turkey.

XII. And Whereas it is expedient, that Thrown Silk of the Production of Italy, Sicily or the Kingdom of Naples, should be permitted to be imported into the United Kingdom directly by

Sea from the Island of Malta and the Dependencies thereof Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import from the said Island of Malta or the Dependencies thereof, into the United Kingdom directly, any Thrown Silk being of the Production of Italy, Sicily or of the Kingdom of Naples, in British-bu&t Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in no other Ship or Vessel whatever, on Payment of such and the like Duties as now are or hereafter may be payable in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on such Thrown Silk when imported directly by Sea from the Place of its Production; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

2III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and forfeitures incurred by this Act (except where it is otherwise provided) shall and may be prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland} oxjg Moiety whereof to be for the Use of His Majesty, hiaHeiijS an^ucceupr^, hfru$y tqj^r thei^o

tkta or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons General Issue. shall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall become Nonsuit, or forbear the Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, the Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like remedy for Treble Coftt. the lame as in cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Counterfeiting, shall grant a false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase or alter any Li- &c- Licences, cence, Oath or Certificate, which shall be made or given pursuant fcc*

to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use thereof, such Person or Persons shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, Penalty, to be recovered and disposed of in the manner directed by this Act; and such Licence, Oath or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, ended or altered, shall be invalid and of none effect.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Cocoa.

Hum.

Molasses.

Pimento,

Indigo.

Ginger.

Fufhc, or other Dying Wood.

Dry and Wet Fruit in Brandy and Sugar, in Jan and Bottles. Pickles - in ditto.

Olivet.

Fin.

Raisins.

Qurrants,

Piftacdo Nuts.

Almonds*

Dates.

Caperl.

Wine.

Brandy.

Oil of Olives.

Qfi of Almonds.

Gum Arabic.

- Mastic.

SCHEDULE (B.) n Brandy Oris Root.

Rhubarb.

Jalap.

Saffron.

Safflower.

Muik.

Incense.

Myrrh. --- Sicily.

Essence of Bergamot. Do. of Citron.

Do. of Lemon. Do. of Orange. Do. of Lavender. Do. of Roses.

Do. of RoferUary.

V

Cork.

Aniseed. Cumminfeed. Qftrich Feathers.

Sema.

Canthflyjdfft

h'+

Honey.

Additional Duties in Schedule (A.) and Drawbacks in Schedule fB.) paid.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Honey.

Sponges.

Amber.

Coral.

Mill Timber.

Box Wood.

Argol.

Vermillion.

Ochres.

Cinnabar.

Orange Buds and Peel. Juniper Berries.

Punk.

Pumice Stone.

Emery Stone. Whetstone.

Paintings and Prints. Mosaic Works.

Medals.

Lava, and Malta Stone for building.

Pozzolana.

Bullion.

Precious Stones.

Pearls.

Corn.

Grain.

Meal or Flour.

Beans.

Pease.

Leutils.

Rice.

Macaroni or Vermicelli. Cafcafoo.

Parmesan Cheese.

Bologna and other Sausages. Anchovies.

Caviar.

Botarga.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences.

[23d March 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

Supplies to defray Your Majesty V Public Expences, and making

an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned, 9 and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters and Things mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares and Merchandize for or in respect whereof any additional Duty of Excise by this Act imposed shall have been paid, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectvely' inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule (a) marked (B.) hereunto annexed; and also all such. special Allowances as are particularly-directed by any Act of A&a of Parliament In force at nd ijnmeo*

4- & djufbdy

ty A.X>. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 30. 105

diately before the passing of this A d; and the same respectively shall

commence and take effect from and after the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Duties under Ad imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Management of England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of S^J1, oner# Ex die in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise 0 x e*

in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ad- Duties paid on ditional Duties of Excise, granted by this Act on Tobacco and Tobacco ware-Snuff respectively, shall be charged on all Tobacco and Snuff im- housed before ported into Great Britain, which shall have been warehoused and jf^en' oui(ot shall have remained on the Twentieth Day of February One thou- Home Con-sand eight hundred and fifteen, in any Warehouse or Warehouses fumption. under His Majesty's Locks, in pursuance or by the Authority of

any Act or Acts of Parliament, or other special Authority in force on or immediately before the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, although such Tobacco or Snuff may have been imported before the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, proviso. that such Duties shall not be payable on any such Tobacco or Snuff unless and until any such {Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall be taken out of any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money Duties, how respectively inferred, described and set forth in the said Schedule levied, hereunto annexed marked (A.) as the Duties of Excise, and the

Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise set forth in the said (a) Schedule marked (B.) upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters and Things inferred therein shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways or methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares,

Merchandize, Matters and Things of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be raisea, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with, Duties of Excise, or entitled to Drawbacks of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations,

Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares and Merchandize in general and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, RestridiooB and Forfeitures respectively, to winch the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively were subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force-immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of (a)JjktNotetoScbi\ B.)l .... Excise.

Duties in Proportion to greater or less Quantity.

Prise Tobacco and Snuff liable to Duty.

Duty added to Contract Prices.

Obstruction, Sec. Officers.

Penalty. Recovery, Sec. of Penalties.

Excise or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof* and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby charged and allowed in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all ernes where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Ware8 or Merchandize, the same shall in every case be understood, deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion and after the same Rate to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco and Snuff respectively taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and which shall from or after the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the Additional Duties respectively by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Tobacco or Snuff as the case may require, respectively imported, and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons and in such manner as the Duties on such Tobacco or Snuff respectively are now payable by Law.

VII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been made before the passing of this Act, by Dealers in Tobacco of Snuff, upon which additional Duties are by this Act imposed for such Tobacco or Snuff respectively delivered after the said Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, after the Day and Year last aforesaid, in pursuance of such Contrafts or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, and' paid or actually charged by any Officer of Excise, for or in respect of such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities by this Act granted or any or either of them, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered* levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise* or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint of Information in any of His Majesty's Courfis of Record at Westminster orinthe Court of Exchequer in SeutUtfd respectively, and that One IMifefM&evofy feeb Fine* Penalty ^Forfeitures &dl be to Hii1

1.

io7

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 30.

X. And be it further enacted, <*That all the Monies arising by the Duties paid intt Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and Exchequer, accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid,

shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Consolidated

Britain. Fund.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners Separate Ac-of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three eounts of

or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, j^re'p.u-Ju-shall, during the Continuance of this Act, cause a separate and distinct mem pur, uant to Account of the additional Duties granted by this Act to be prepared 41 G. 3. c. 70. and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His pr sent Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use; and the Monies anting from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Semon of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Act altered, Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. Additional

Duty on Sweets repealed, fojl. c. 63.3

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by Continuance of this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One ^utics* thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)  DUTIES.

1

SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines -[Duty on Sweets repealed, post, c. 63.3

A d

o n 7$

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain - - - - O o 3

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain 003

LICENCES.

For and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each case made and provided by the Makers, Manufac- I turers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers and other Persons herein- 1 after mentioned* within Great Britain, to be paid by such 1 Makers Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers or other I

108 C. 30. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE (A.)  DUTIES, continued. . s. d.

Persons respectively, the several annual additional Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, By every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, for every such Licence -Every Common Brewer of Table Beer, not being a Common 060

Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence Every Common Brewer who shall brew any Strong Beer, for every such Licence, 100

If the Quantity of Beer brewed by such Common Brewer within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to taking out the Licence shall not exceed One thousand Barrels - - - -If the same shall exceed One thousand Barrels and shall not 0 15 0

exceed Two thousand Barrels If the same shall exceed Two thousand Barrels and shall not ex- 1 100

ceed Five thousand Barrels - - 1 If the same shall exceed Five thousand Barrels and shall not i 2 10 0

exceed Seven thousand five hundred Barrels - - j If the same shall exceed Seven thousand five hundred Barrels 1 3 s 0 1

and shall not exceed Ten thousand Barrels If the same shall exceed Ten thousand Barrels and shall not 0 0 u-

exceed Twenty thousand Barrels -If the same shall exceed Twenty thousand Barrels and shall IO 0 0

not exceed Thirty thousand Barrels -If the same shall exceed Thirty thousand Barrels and shall not 1500

exceed Forty thousand Barrels -Or if the same shall exceed Forty thousand Barrels Every Person who shall first become a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence 15*.; and within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as with the faiu 15/. shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer brewed within N M v*, 0 0 0 0 0

the preceding Year Every Person who shall make any Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, for every such Licence Every Person who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall fell Cyder or Perry to be drank or consumed in his, her or their O 15 0 and a Surcharge* 5 0 0

House or Premises, for every such Licence Every Maker of Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles for Sale, 2 2 0

for every such Licence -Every Dealer in or Seller of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not 6 0 0

being a Maker of such Candles, for every such Licence Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than Wax or Sper- 0 10 6

maceti Candles, for Sale, for every such Licence Every Person trading in, vending or selling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa 1 0 0

Nuts or Chocolate, for every such Licence Every Glass Maker for a Licence for each and every Glass 0 5 6

House - - -i Every Tanner within the Limits e the Weekly Bilkof Mortality - 10 00

1 for every such Licence, >.J.mt - $'*0*0

C .- "2* r -

*' I -

A s. d.

Every other Tanner for every such Licence Every Tawer for every such Licence -

Every Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, for every such Licence Every Currier, for every such Licence -Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment, for every such Licence -Every Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence,

If the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Mall within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to taking out the Licence shall not exceed Fifty Quarters -If the same shall exceed Fifty Quarters and shall not exceed One hundred Quarters -

If the same shall exceed One hundred Quarters and shall not exceed One hundred and fifty Quarters If the same shall exceed One hundred and fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Two hundred Quarters If the same shall exceed Two hundred Quarters and shall not; xceed Two hundred and fifty Quarters If the ftme shall exceed Two hundred and fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Three hundred Quarters If the same shall exceed Three hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Three hundred and fifty Quarters If the same shall exceed Three hundred and fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Four hundred Quarters If the same shall exceed Four hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Four hundred and fifty Quarters If the same shall exceed Four hundred and Fifty Quarters and shall not exceed Five hundred Quarters If the same shall exceed Five hundred Quarters and shall not exceed Five hundred and fifty Quarters Or if the same shall exceed Five hundred and fifty Quarters -Every Person who shall first become a Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence is. 6d.; and within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Li cence, such further additional Sum as with the said is. fid. shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid according to the Quantity of Malt made within the preceding Year Every Malcer of Metheglin or Mead for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Maker of Paper or Pasteboard, and every Paper Stainer, for every such Licence -

Every Person trading in, vending or selling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Penny Weights and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Penny Weights and under Thirty Ounces in W eight in any one separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are, or shall be manufactured, for every such Licence Every Person trading'in, vending or selling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold

2 10 1 o

2 6

050

076

015 o o 17 6

5 o 7

10

026

and a Surcharge.

1 O O

2 0 0

L

of the Weight of Two Ounces or upwards, or any Quantity of Silver of the Weight of Thirty Ounces or upwards in any one separate and distinA Ware or Piece of Goods is or shall be manufaA ired; and every Pawnbroker trading in, vending or selling Gld or Silver Plate, or Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactureed, or taking in or delivering out Pawns of such Plate, Goods or Warej, and every Refiner of Gold or Silver, for every such Licence -

Every Calico Printer, and every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons or Stuffs, for every such Licence Every Maker of Soap for Sale, for every such Licence Every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence -

Every ReAifier of Spirits within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence -Every Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, not being a Retailer, in any Part of Great Britain, or not being a Wholesale Seller of or Dealer in plain Aqua Vita only, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every such Licence -Every Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland who shall by Wholesale fell or deal in Spirits made and distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the United Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller, ReAifier, Compounder or Retailer of Spirits, not being a Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors duly licensed for that Purpose, in manner above mentioned, for every such Licence to (ell plain Aqua Fits only by Wholesale -

Every Retailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vita only, made or distilled from British Materials, in that rart of Great Britain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid,

If the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters at the time of taking out such Licence shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or A Act of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards -

If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds -

If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards^ and under j Twenty five Pounds -

j Hat Twenty five. Pounds-per Atfftnt or upw?$&4tfd unite; I Thirty Pbuftdish f' - .7- -

a /. d:

55

o o o 0

10 o o

o o

500

3 o o

7

an 6

p, v. VULmsdit

^igit^pd b\

Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, &c. Licence  continued*

If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Forty-Pounds -

If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Fifty

Pounds

Or if at Fifty Pounds per Annum, or upwards

Every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh of Barony or Regality in any Part of Scotland, or in anj Place in any other Part of Scotland, other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that case made and provided, shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every mch Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only

Every Person who shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Districts of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence -

Every Starch Maker, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid -

Every Maker of any Kind of Sweets or Made Wines, other than Mead for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Retailer of British-made Wines or Sweets, for every such Licence -

Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence,

If the Tobacco and Snuff Work, weighed by such Person for Manufacture within the Year ending on tie Tenth Day of O&eber previous to taking out the Licence, shall not have exceeded Twenty thousand Pounds Weight If the lame shall have exceeded Twenty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Thirty thousand Pounds Weight -If the lame shall have exceeded Thirty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Forty thousand Pounds Weight If the lame shall have exceeded Forty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Fifty thousand Pounds Weight If the same shall have exceeded Fifty, thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Sixty thousand Pounds Weight If the same shall have exceeded Sixty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Seventy, thousand, Pounds Weight -If the same shall have exceeded Seventy thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Eighty thousand Pounds Weight If the same shall have exceeded Eighty.thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Ninety thousand Pounds Weight If the same shall have exceeded Ninety thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded One hundred, thousand Pounds Weight -

If the Came shall ha*4 exceededOhe hundred thousand Pounds, and shall not hra exceeded Ow, hundred and twenty thou-faad Pounds Wagfct -

3 3 0

3 7 3 "

500

2. 4. a

1. o o

3 0 0

3 10 400

4 ia a

5; 0

6 0 0

Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, Licence  continued.

If the same shall have exceeded One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight -If the same shall have exceeded One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight -

Every Person who shall first become a Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every Licence \.; and within Ten Days after the Tenth Day of October next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as with the said 1. shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the Quantity of Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed for Manufacture within the preceding Year Every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco and Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, in London, or of the Chief Office of Excise, in Edinburgh, for every such Licence Every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco or Snuff in any other Part of Great Britain, out of the said Limits, for every such Licence Every Maker of Vinegar, for every such Licence Every Retailer of Foreign Wine m that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for the retailing of Beer, Ale or other Exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who mail have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale and other Exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquor3 or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine -

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale or other Exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale or other Exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors at Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine

Every Wire Drawer or other Person who shall draw or cause to be. drawn any Gik or Silver Wire, commonly called Bifr Wire, Great U takft Wifbfefiu<

- s*- 

100

and a Surcharge. O50

7 10 o

10 o o

5 4

4 4

6 8

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 30, 31.

V3

SCHEDULE (B.)  DRAWBACKS (a).

TOBACCO. j

For every Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco manufac-'tured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which To- 1 bacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, 1 from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof, from such Ports to Foreign Parts

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured, and exported.....- - - - f

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufactured, and exported .... j

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured, 1 and exported ----- 3

A Farthing and Two fifth Pam of a Farthing.

A Farthing and One fifth Part of a Farthing.

A Farthing and Two fifth Parts of a Farthing.

A Farthing and One fifth Part of a Farthing.

(a) [See as to Drawbacks, pofl. c. 129.  I  5.]

CAP. XXXI.

\n Act to amend certain Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar, and further to regulate the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles from certain Islands in the West Indies.

[ad May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Schedule and Table of 54 G 3- c. 57.

Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties annexed to an Act passed ScheJu, e-in the lilt Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported are to be ascertained, and substituting another in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Euffatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the same Duties and Regulations as similar Articles 3/British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One housand eight hundred and fifteen, should be repealed, and that mother Schedule and Table should be enacted in lieu thereof; ly it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and mmons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One repeAied. ufand eight hundred and fifteen, the Schedule annexed to the recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that Proviso for lad and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, Schedule to Act. \ and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hun-l and fifteen, be oonftrued and taken to be the Schedule according vhich the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from it Britain Ihaft^ paid or allowed, except as herein after is ided.

55GfO.III. I II. Pi*'

Refined Sugar exported after April 5, Bounty.

49 G. y c. 98.

8.

49 G, 3. c. 43.

During Sutpen-flon of Duty on 6ugar, Countervailing Duties on Sugar imported from Ireland suspended, &c.

[Proviso.]

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain f shall not take Effect, or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be shipped for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, but that the said Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be entered and shipped for Exportation after the > said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; any thing contained in this Act or in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cu/loms chargeable in Great Britain,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,

or any Three or more of them, are authorised to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of Customs on Sugar granted by the said last recited Act, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Act, and by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exclufvve of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty> shall be below the Prices mentioned in the said first recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient, that during the Period of such Suspension the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like manner be suspended; Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty^ Treasury for the time being, shall exercise the Power vested in them, and shall according to the Directions of the said Act suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required in like manner and for the like Period to suspend either the whole of the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Importation from Great Britain of Sttgaf being Double Refined, Or tStepcajT the additional Bounties payable xm the Exportation from

1 of Ueftaed Sugar,

12.r

- '-i,. Mf

Se-

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. ID.

C*3r*

115

War Duties imposed on Sugar: Provided always, that the last men- ftovd*. tioned additional Bounties mail be calculated on the Amount of the Bounty to be paid or allowed under the Directions of this present Act, and according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, and not otherwise.

IV. And Whereas an additional Bounty on Double Refined

Sugar was granted and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty

seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow for

Two Years from and after the puffing of this Act, an additional

Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crushed or broken;

and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; and which said additional Bounty on Double Bounty on

Refined Sugar has been by several subsequent Acts continued until Double refined ' the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Sugar grant^by 1 fifteen: And Whereas it is expedient, that the said additional c^ontidued; -1 Bounty Should be further continued Be it therefore enacted,

That the said additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar shall be urther continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight tundred and sixteen.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day 47 g. 3. Sess. i. f June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of the said c. aa. 11. xited Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His in Part repealed, resent Majesty as relates to the allowing or paying any Bounty on

efined Sugar deposited in Warehouses under the Regulations of the id recited Act before the Exportation of such Sugar, shall be and te same is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Deduction here-all extend or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal the De- tofore made tftion heretofore made from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid ^rorn Buunty B

Sugar when exported from Great Britain, in any other than a i^Vesseirnot 'itish Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, British, not t directed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign be ffected.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain 43 G. 3. c. xx.

*awbaclts and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great*3* tain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu 'tof, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hun-d and four,

/II. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks Drawbacks, fcc. Bounties hereby granted shall be paid or allowed in such and paid subject to like manner in every respect, and subject and under and accord- e.x, ftin* RSula-to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and For- Uona* res (except where any Alteration is made by this present Act), ny Drawbacks or Bounties on Sugar were paid or allowed be-the fad Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

III. And be it further enacted, That any Sugar, Coffee or Sugar, Sec. of*Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Martinique, &c. )r either of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante and Gua- 'arehouied be-pe, which have been or may be secured in Warehouses in d*vered out'on f Britain on or before the First Day of June One thousand payment of hundred andsfisteen, and on which the Home Consumption Duties payable: ftull not hare Wn paid, shall and may be delivered from

la

any

55 GEO. III. A.D. 181J

tionj, and exported on like Conditions.

Sugar, Sic. of Sr. Eustatia, See. admitted to Entry n Payment of like Duties as Sugar of British Plantations, and exported on like Conditions.

Duties on Rivv or Clayed Sugar to cease.

Exception.

AA altered, Sec.

any such Warehouse for Home Consumption on Payment of i'uch and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as at the time any such Goods shall be out of any such Warehouse

shall be due and payable on the like Description of Goods, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations; and all such Sugar, Coffee or other Articles so imported before the said First Day of June shall on Exportation from Great Britain be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable or entitled to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any or either of the Islands of Saint Eustatia, Saint Martins and Saba, imported into Great Britain, shall and may during the time such Islands shall remain in the Possession of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be admitted to Entry, on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as are or may be due and payable on the like Articles of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations and all such Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, shall on Exportation from Great Britain, be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable or entitled to; and all such Goods so imported into Great Britain shall in every other respect be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, to which any such Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable to.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Duties of Customs, payable on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martinique, Maricga-lante, Guadaloute, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, exported from the Warehouse in which any such Sugar shall have been secured on Importation into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe altered,

amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[CVe as to Ireland, post. r.37.]

A.D. 1815. J5" GEO. III. t. 3. 1, 31.*7

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Brown or Muscovado Sugar. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar being Ground or Powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Sugar called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump, duly refined.

Whatever may be the Average Price of such Sugar. 20s. the Cwt. 20s. the Cwt. 348. the Cwt.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament with respect to the Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies; and for further continuing, until the End of Six Weeks from and after the Expiration of any Act or Acts of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, certain Countervailing Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, on Refined Sugar.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Par- Ante, c. 3.

liament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain and on Penftons, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the ' Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the

1 several Duties of Customa on Sugar imported into Great Britain, $ 39*

Suited by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of is present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting'other Duties in lieu thereof are respectively continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas the Duties payable by the said last recited Act upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, had been repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled 54 o. 3. c. 36. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customt payable on Goods, Wares % x, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and prefanting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament, to continue in force until the Tenth Dpyof April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and otherjDuties of Customs were granted in lieu and Table (B.)

I 3*instead

ixS

C-32.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

J4 G. 3. c. 64.

Ante, c. 3. 39. in part repealed Duties granted by 49 G. 3. c. 98. on Sugar (Exception) and Duties granted by 54 G. 3. c. 36. on Sugar imported from East Indies, continued.

Powers of 55 G. 3. c. 3. extended to AA.

instead of the Duties thereby repealed, and which Duties should

have been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, instead of those granted by the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in respect of Sugar so imported into Great Britain from

Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter; And

Whereas the Temporary or War Duties granted by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain had been continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by an Act of the last Session

of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day 1 of July One thousand eight hundred and ffteen, certain Temporary 1 or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandise into Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, as in any wise relates to the Duties of Customs payable on Sugar imported into Great Britain, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, such of the said Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, other than from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and such of the Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the said Limit?, whether imported by the Company or by Persons authorized to trade within such Limits, as fall under the Title and Description of Permanent Duties, and which Duties have respectively been continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, together with the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty granting and continuing the same, and all the Provisions thereof, be and the same are hereby Severally and respectively further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and all Monies ari&ng hereby shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be appropriated, applied and accounted for according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers, Authorities and Directions, respecting the Duties granted by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament shall extend to and apply to the Duties hereby continued in aa full and ample a manner as if the said Powers, Authorities and Directions had been repeated add se-enaAod in this Act, and were mad^ Part thereof.'

And, Whereas hf ferertd AA* made during the late 4 HrAilrtias^ certain - Boagtffig

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. ID. 0.32. 119

waldof Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and additional

OaDrawbacks and Bounties were allowed upon the Exportation of

i ty*Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported from

fistthence to Ireland, and which said Bounties, Duties and Drawbacks,

fra ' were allowed in consequence of certain additional Duties having

Ad 1 been granted to His Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great

kid*Britain during the War and for Six Months after the Ratification

tk 4 of a Definitive Treaty of Peace j and as the said additional Duties

rat*upon Sugar have been further continued until the Fifth Day of

Ok*July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it is expedient to

oc 4 continue the said Acts granting the said additional Countervailing

Dis Duties on the Importation into and allowing the additional Drawls*backs and Bounties upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar from

jm 4 Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That so much of an Act

id passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; 43 G. 3. c. 7a

xt intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War ju.

a, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional

k Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Ward

and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great

t. Britain; and of another Act passed in the said Forty third Year of 43 G.3. 0. 154.

t the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to  x* 3*

+His Majesty certain Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfound^ land and the Coast of Labrador, into Great Britain and Ireland; and 44 G. 3. c. 53. of another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of 8. io.ii.

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought or tarried* Coasttoife within Great Britain; and also of another Act 460.3.0.41. passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 9* intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War

[Proviso.]

and for Six Month after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, as allowed additional Bounties upon Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain; and as granted additional Countervailing Duties upon Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and as allowed additional Drawbacks upon Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thenee to Ireland, for certain Periods therein particularly mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby continued from and after the Expiration of the said Periods continued, respectively, until the End of Six Weeks from and after the Expiration of any Act (a) or A Act of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain: Provided always, that no additional Bounty or Drawback shall be paid or

54 0.3. c. 64.

49 G. 3. c. 98. 5 6.

War Duties of Customs on Importation of Goods continued.

Exception.

C. 32, 33. 55 GEO. III. AJ3. 18x5.

allowed upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar under the Authority of this Act, unless all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, with respect to Drawbacks and Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar, shall have been duly complied with.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 'fifteen* certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain, certain Duties of Customs, under the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, granted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and by other subsequent Acts (a), are continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and it is expedient that the said Duties Should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, which by the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were continued and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall befurther continued, and be paid and made payable until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen j save and except such of the said Duties as are charged on the Importation of Tobacco $ and also save agiexcept such of the said Duties as are charged on the ImportatiowOTg^tton Wool (b) in British-built Ships, owned, navigated and required according to Law, or from any of the Dominions of The Crown of Portugal in a Portuguese Ship.

(a) [jo Gr.3.r.77. $3  ji 3. 44.  ci 3. c. 6j.

?*  5} O.3. c. 93.3  p #3  5*

*J ' J J J "J.,

. 52  53 0.3.2.33. 9  J+ 6.3. 2.36.

(I) [Ste atto Cotton Wool imported into Ireland, 2.82.  zo.jio/i.]

6.3.

s*  gt.:

*.. 1

-n* 4 5. fi

t r % rJ

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

C-34.3S'

(fy.

JD&

158

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. 0.25.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever; which Act has been continued by Two Acts of the Fifty first and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present [5! 0.3. 0. 14,

Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 3.

hundred and fifteen: And Whereas the said Act has by Experience S* G* 3* c.

been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same $ x, 3

should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be and the same

is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March continued.

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland.

[2d May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

^our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntanly resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the additional Duty of Excite on Tobacco herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may b& enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the additional Duty of Excise following; that is to say,

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, which, at any Duties of Excise. time or times after the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, mall be delivered out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs for Manufacture in Ireland, an Excise Duty of Three pence British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and to be charged on and paid by the Person Paid by Mau-or Persons to whom the same shall be delivered for Manufacture at fasturer. the time when the iakt Tobacco shall be so delivered out of Ware-. house j

MM-

59 & 40 G. 3. c. 67.

40 G. 3. (1.) c. 38.

Countervailing Duties to cease.

Countervailing

Duties.

Snuf.

Drawback,

house; which said Excise Duty shall be in Addition to all Duties of Excise granted on such Tobacco by any former Act (a) or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland. (a) [See 53 G. 3. r.57. 1.]

II. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Act3 for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland that in respect of the increased and additional Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into and manufactured in Ireland, increased Countervailing

Duties should be charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth,

' Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from thence

into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased and addi:

1 tional Duties Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be charged on all such Tobacco and Snuff, th^ Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatsoever, payable upon such Tobacco or Snuff under or by virtue of any Act () or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the puffing of this Act j that if to say, () [See 53 G. 3. c. 57. 2.]

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of i?r/7//i-manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish, the Sum of Three Shii* lings and Two pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of i?r*7//&-manufactured Shag Tobacco Cut, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of British-vcvnuufactured Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of i?r; 7//2>-manufactured Carrot Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British* manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois vof British* manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Seven pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?ri7$/j&-manufacturtd Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eleven pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of ^nV^-manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence: For and upon every Pound Weight of British-manufactured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Three Shillings and Nine pence

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of 2?r/7r/!&-manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Three Shillings 2nd Eleven pence:

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, '(d any Tobacco or Snuff the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of /ris land, there shall be a^cd etgwl in Ataoutit

jSLaJ -

SI

ili:, A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. .3$. 123

and imported from thence into Ireland; and such Drawbacks shall Drawbacks f be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Act (a) cease* or Actb in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, iu respect of such Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain. (a) [&*r 53 G. 3. r.57. 2.]

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all for- Drawback in-

mer(J) Drawbacks on Tobacco or Snuff manufactured in Ireland, stead of former and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be awbacks on allowed upon all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland which shall be so in*lre-

exported, as an increased Drawback or Compensation for the Duty ian(j> exported by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof to any other

it hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty charged thereon Place than by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Pound G*

Weight of such manufactured Tobacco; and which said Drawback

or Allowance shall be paid by the Collector of Inland Excise and

Taxes of the District from which such Tobacco or Snuff shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from

whence the same shall be exported, as is required by an Act made 47 G.3. Self.*.

in the Forty feveoth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled c.

An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any Internal Duty of Excise paid thereon. ($) [&* 53 G. 3. c. 57. 3.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Drawback* on

Drawbacks in respect of Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, and ex- Exportation of ported from thence to Great Britain, or elsewhere, allowed or made Tobacco under payable under or by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty third Year 53 G. 3. c. 57. of Hi. present intfculed An ASto grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Tobacco, mall remain Tobacco paying and continue payable with respect to such Tobacco which shall have Duty under paid the Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into Ireland, or on that Act, &c. Tobacco delivered for Manufacture in Ireland by the said recited Act, or by any ether Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, and with respect to Snuff manufactured from such Tobacco; and which Tobacco or Snuff shall, after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be exported trom Ireland; and that the several and respective Drawbacks by this Act allowed and made payable, shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Tobacco or Smiff manufactured therefrom as shall have paid the Duties imposed thereon by this Act, and by any Act (r) made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament, for imposing any Duties of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland, which shall be in force in Ireland at any time after the passing of this Act. (c) [See pod. c. 36.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person who Additional Dti-IhaQ be charged or surcharged with and liable to the additional ties added to Duties of Excise on Tobacco imposed by this Act, or any increased Price*.

Duty on Tobacco under any Act (d) passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament,; for granting a Duty of Customs on Tobacco in Ireland, shall at any time after the Twenty second Day of March

\S)lSu soft.t.36.3

Ont

C-3S-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18ij.

Duties, be. in British Currency.

Conl'olidated

Fund.

Duties, Sec. how levied and paid.

14 & 15 Car. a. (L) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106. Sec.

Appeal.

Pormer Acts extended to Act.

Aa amended,

&c.

One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and before the Expiratioa of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, have fold or contracted to fell any such Tobacco, without charging the Buyer thereof with such additional or increased Duty, then and in every such case the Seller of such Tobacco shall be allowed to add, and shall be entitled to recover from the Buyer thereof, and the Buyer of such Tobacc o shall pay to the Seller thereof, so much Money as will be equivalent to all such additional or increased Duty as such Seller shall have been charged or surcharged with and liable to for such Tobacco, over and above the Duty of Customs and Excise payable on such Tobacco before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed and made payable, shall be paid and payable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency 5 and that the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed, sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty fix th Year of His present Majesty8 Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under toe Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided; and that all and every Act and Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise on Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend to the raising, levying and collecting the new and additional Duty by this Act granted on Tobacco, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

125

C. 36.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to grant to His Majesty a Duty of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland.

[2d May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

T\T^> Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

+Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, granted to Your Majesty, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the Duty of Customs herein after mentioned, upon Tobacco imported into Ireland and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be

enacted j and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty Duty on Tw

second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, bacco.

there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money

(except as is herein after provided), without any Discount whatever,

a Custom Duty of One Shilling British Currency upon every Pound

+Weight of Tobacco which, at any time on or after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be imported into Ireland, and that the said Duty shall be in lieu of all Duties of Customs payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for or upon any Tobacco imported into Ireland, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, or from any other Parts beyond

the Seas; and that all Duties of Customs on Tobacco and all Draw- Former Duties

jacks in respect thereof, granted or allowed under or by virtue of to cease.

ny such Act or Acts (a), shall, from and after the said Twenty

second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, ceate

nddetermine, and be no longer paid or payable, (a) [for 54 G.3.

r. 103. 129.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act Dutyln British ranted shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable ac- Currency, ording to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that the Consolidated lid Duty shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund Fund*

f Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act Duty payable anted on Tobacco imported into Ireland shall be charged and pay- on Tobacco not >le on all such Tobacco as shall not have been entered on or before ^ered n * ie said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred aax8Xj.arC 1 id fifteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Import-

ion thereof shall not have been paid on or before the said Twenty: od Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, not-thstanding such Tobacco may have been imported into Ireland fore the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight ndred and fifteen* or before the gaffing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Duty payable on lty granted, mentioned and set forth in this Act, shall be charged Tbn<.c secured

on or before March 22, 1815.

Frovifc.

Duty secured by !&ond.

Duty how levied.

14 & l S Car. a. (1.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106. fee.

Appeal

Act amended, fee.

and payable on all such Tobacco, as having been imported into Ireland shall have been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof, having been first paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured on or after the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Tobacco may have been imported before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that such Duty shall not be charged or payable on any such Tobacco until the time when the Duties, which such Tobacco shall have been subject to before the said Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, would have been payable by Law.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Tobacco into Ireland, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, at the time of such Importation, the Duty by this Act granted or imposed may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty in and by this Act granted, mentioned and specified shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Directions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of Duties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty > hu Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty8 Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the feverat Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted; with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act may be amftided,

steered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

o.fftji-rr

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

iZ7

C. 37-

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend several Acts respecting the Exportation andImportation of Sugar into and from Ireland; and further to regulate the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Schedule and Table of 54 G. 3. c. 100.

4 W Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties annexed to an Act passed Schedule.

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland are to be ascertained, and to substitute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique,

4 Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba,

under the same Duties and Regulations as ftmilar Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fsteen, should be repealed, and that another Schedule and Table should be enacted in lieu thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from, and after the Fifth Day of May One repealed, thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Schedule annexed to the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that instead Provisofor and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and Schedule to Act. after the said Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be construed and taken to be the Schedule according to which die Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland, shall be paid or allowed, except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty Refined Sugar by this Act granted on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall exported after not take Effect, or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall ^ay 5* be shipped for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of May One unt* thousand eight hundred and fifteen, but that the said Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall be paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be entered and shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; any thing contained in this Act or in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty 47 O. 3. SoflT. x. seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to c*? provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties oontmued* on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to he wareioufed in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and which by several Acts was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and remain in fprce until the same mall be altered or repealed, except only so far as Exception, relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused. in Ireland, and except as the fiud recited Act is amended by this Act,

y-

V

128

C-37-

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Proviso for Double refined Sugar.

Deduction made from Bounty on Sugar exported in Vesseli not British, not affeiled.

47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 19. 4.

Drawbacks, &c. paid in British Currency, sub-je to Regulations in force.

Sugar, Sec. of Growth of Martinique, Sec. warehoused before June 1, 1815, delivered out on Payment of Duties payable on Sugar of British Plantations, and exported on like Conditions.

Sugar, See. of _^St. Eullatia, Sec.' admitted to Entry on Payment of like Duties as Sugar of British Plantation's, and exported on like conditions.

Act, or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, from and after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Exportation from Irelandf of Sugar being Double Refined.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the Deduction heretofore made, from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on Sugar when exported from Ireland, in any other than a British Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as mrested by the said Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks and Bounties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed granted, shall be paid or allowed according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and in such and the like Manner, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this present Act), as any Drawbacks or Bounties on Sugar were paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any or either of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante and Guadaloupe, which have been or may be secured in Warehouses in Ireland on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and on which the Home Consumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall and may be delivered from any such Warehouse, for Home Consumption, on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as at the time when any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehouse shall be due and payable on the like Description of Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations; and that all such Sugar, Coffee or other Articles so imported before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen shall, on Exportation from Ireland, be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or liable or entitled to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture.of any or either of the Islands of Saint Euflatia> Saint Martins and Saba, imported into Ireland, shall and may, during the time such Islands shall remain in the Possession of His Majesty, his Hein or Successors, be admitted to Entry on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise, and no other, as are off may beriue and payable on the like Articles of1 the Growth, Productbn

of the British Plantations; and all such SagaV 'tod other Articles fhast, 00

129

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 37, 38.

r 4f Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles, being of the Growth, coo* Production or Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be' it R* subject or liable or entitled to; and all such Goods so imported

M into Ireland shall, in every other respect, be subject and liable to all:

and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions to* coo* which any such Articles, being of the Growth, Production or'

I tit Manufacture of the British Plantations, are or may be subject or*

) be liable to.

Bri-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Duties on Raw

 Day of May One thousand eight hundred and Fisteen, the Duties or Clayed Sugar tic of Customs (0) payable in Ireland on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the 10 cejfe*

rr Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martinique,

tri- Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba,

i* exported from the Wareooufe in which any such Sugar shall have

if been secured on Importation into Ireland, shall cease and determine,

save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Exception, oi Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Fifth Day of

i May One thousand eight hundred and Fisteen, remain unpaid, or

a- to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall

ii have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of April

i One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. (a) [Sxx 54(7.3.

S f. 129. Sch. (B.)]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act altered, &c.

amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session t of Parliament.

r [See as to Great Britain, ante, c, 31.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Brown or Muscovado Sugar. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it is imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar being Ground or Powdered Sugar. Bounty on Refined Su. gar called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

Whatever may be the Average Price of such Sugar. British Currency. . x. d. 196 the Cwt. British Currency. . x. d. 196 the Cwt. British Currency. A x. d. 2 IO 1$ the Cwt.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made in Ireland and brought into Scotland, should be Temoved into England. > [2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parlia- -4G c#183,

raent, iiitfcfljfed An Act to impose a Countervailing Duty \ '

1 of Exnfe on Bfemng Powder imported from Ireland, it was

1 enactedj.that ndJMwing Powder made or manufactured in Ireland,

55 CrXO* III. " K.* and

i^oi C.^B, 39. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

and imparted or brought from thence into Scotland, should be removed or carried from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Calk or other Package containing the same, and also the Boat, Vessel, Cart, Carriage and all Cattle used in such Removal or Carriage thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the recited

Provision of the said Act.Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, should be removed or carried from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Calk or other Package containing the same, and also the Vessel, Boat, Cart, Carriage and all Cattle uied in such Removal

repealed. or Carriage thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

[The whole A 3 repealed, post. c. 66. 34.]

16 0.3. c. 41.

c. 5$(

I a  7-revived and

4 % O.3. c. 44 G.3- c. 35.

5^0.3*

4/0*3. 0*0.

If.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by ExVV perience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fish cries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which was to be in force for Five Years, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix 3 and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; which, by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December Out thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty and which were by several subsequent Act (0) further continued; add by Two Acts passed in the Forty second abd Forty fourth Viafcs of the Reign of His present M ' A'T continued 3 andt by^Three Aftd,

were axhenfled/and ifie Forty f - prfefcmt r

*3*

AJ>.i8ij. 55 GEO. III. C. 39, 40, 41.

further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be revived and the same is hereby reviled from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty 46 G. 3. c. 9. sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act continued. far allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace,

Vesseli employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, shall be and the same is hereby revived, from the Expiration thereof, and shall be continued from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. XL.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions three hundred and twenty three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[2d May 1815.]

M IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear " Interest. fi. Bills issued not to exceed 2, 323, 750/. Irish Cur-" rency. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the " Revenue in Ireland, after such time as the Treasury shall appoint,

" and Interest shall ccafe. 2, 3. Money to be carried to the " Irish Consolidated Fund. {4. Bills to be chargeable thereon.

" $5. Bank of Ireland may advance the Sum of 2, 323, 750/.

" Irish Currency on Credit of Act. 6.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by die Bank of Ireland.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland m 37 0-3* 00 the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c* 5X. intituled An ABfor confrming and continuing for a limited Time the Rtfiridions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments in Cash by the Bank, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that it  i* shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to issue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever* e*cept according to the Provision therein contained; and that \ iq. the said Act shall be in force and have Continuance until Three Months aftel the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great BritMuon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from tfitito Calli in Payment shall cease, unless the Lord Lieoteuint and Pan Council of Ireland should by an Order of woundl tfetft thhtiifciaid Restriction on the Governor and Com-gland ftrould sooner ecafe: And Whereas ' Ka 4 by

C-41 j 42*

134

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

43 G.J. c-44-

[44 G. 3. c.. 54 G. 3. c. 130.I

continued until Expiration of Three Months after Restriction on Bank of England. Exception.

by an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the ' Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited

Ad of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further continued; and by Two Acts made in the Forty fourth and Fifty

fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, both the said recited Acts were further continued: And Whereas it is expedient to continue for a further time the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign shall have Continuance until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed or to be imposed by any Ad () made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Cacti in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall, by an Order of Council, direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease. (a) [_See ante, c. 28.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS Trial by Jury in Civil Causes would be attended with beneficial Efiteds to the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

called Scotland; but it is expedient, that such Trials for a time to

be limited, should in the First Instance be confined to Issues directed by either Division of the Court of Session May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Court of Session That as soon as by virtue and under the Authority of this Act His empowered to Majesty shall appoint Judges to.form a Court for the Trial of Issues direct Issues. in Civil Causes, it shall and may be lawful for either Division of the Court of Session, in all cases that may be brought before them during the Continuance of this Act, wherein Matters of Fad are to be proved, to order and direct, by Special Interlocutor, such Issues as may appear to them expedient for the due Administration of justice, to be sent to the said Court, that such Issues may be there tried by a Jury in manner herein after directed.

Lord Ordinary H. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all to report for this cases as aforesaid wherein a Lord Ordinary shall fee Cause for Purpose. Issues to be directed to be tried by a Jury, he shall tajte, thoC*use

verbally to report to the Division of the Court to which nary jbdongs, so that the said Divisiont jtnay determine whether&sch to the kid Gctox&t&te triediby

*33

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 42.

did

ES*

Fsy

d

co

fCU

ion

its'i

: ll:

Wi-

lli. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Proviso for it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty ^S* ( Court to report in Writing to either of the Divisions of the Court of Session, 0 m, ra ty* the circumstances 0? every Case that appears to him to be a Case in which an Hue should be directed to be tried by a Jury, in order that the Division may direct such Issue, or order the Cause to proceed in Manner and Form as at present practised.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Interlocutor

it shall not be competent, either by Reclaiming Petition or Appeal gwntingor re-to the House of Lords, to question any Interlocutor granting or, Dt

refusing such Trial by Jury. 4

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Issues for Rein all Issues referred by the Court of Session to be tried by a Jury pnration inpe-in Causes wherein the Summons concludes for Reparation by Pecu- cun, arY Da* niary Damages, the Jury, if they shall find a Verdict for the Pursuer, mages*

shall also assess the Damages.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That New Trial, how in all cases in which an Issue or Issues shall have been directed to aPPlied for.

[Proviso.]

be tried by a Jury, it shall be lawful and competent for the Party who is dissatisfied with the Verdict to apply to the Division of the Court of Session which directed the Issue for a new Trial, on the ground of the Verdict being contrary to Evidence, on the ground of Misdirection of the Judge, on the ground of the undue Admission or Rejection of Evidence, on the ground of Excess of Damages, or of Res noviter veniens adNotitiam, or for such other Cause as is essential to the Justice of the Case: Provided also, that such Interlocutor granting or refusing a new Trial shall not be subject to Review, by Reclaiming Petition or by Appeal to the House of Lords.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Exception it shall be competent to the Counsel for any Party at the Trial of any taken.

Issue or Issues, to except to the Opinion and Direction of the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried, either as to the Competency of Witnesse8, the Admissibility of Evidence, or other Matter of Law arising at the Trial; and that on such Exception being taken, the same shall be put in Writing by the Counsel for the Party ob-jeding, and signed by the Judge or Judges; but notwithstanding the said Exception, the Trial shall proceed, and the Jury shall give a Verdict therein for the Pursuer or Defender, and assess Damages when necessary; and after the Trial of every such Issue or Issues, the Judge who presided shall forthwith present the said Exception, with the Order or Interlocutor directing such Issue or Issues, and a Copy of the Verdict of the Jury indorsed thereon, to the Division by which the said Issue or Issues were directed, which Division shall thereupon order the said Exception to be heard in presence on or before the Fourth Sederunt Day thereafter; and in case the said Division shall allow the said Exception, they shall direct another Jury to be summoned for the Trial of the said Issue or Issues, or if the Exception shall be disallowed, the Verdict shall be final and conclusive as herein after mentioned: Provided always, that it shall be competent Appeal to the to the Party agsinft. whom any Interlocutor shall be pronounced on Lords, the Matter of the Exception, to appeal from such Interlocutor to the House of Lords, attaching a Copy'of the Exception to the Petition of Appeal, ceriified'by One of the Clerks of Session; fb as such Appeal shall be prefo^te^ to the House of Lords within Fourteen 'K 3 Days

*34

Judgment thereupon, or refusing new Trial, not quell ioned.

Power of Review of Judgment in point of Law.

Commissioners of Jury Court appointed.

[Proviso.]

Of whom computed.

Siliriet paid.

C. 42.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18r$.

Days after the Interlocutor shall have been pronounced, if Parliar ment shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within Eight Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, but not afterwards; and so as the Proceedings on such Appeal do conform in all respects to the Rules and Regulations established respecting Appeals; and every such Appeal shall be appointed to be heard on or before the Fourth Cause Day after the time limited for laying the printed Cases in such Appeal upon the Table of the House of Lords; and upon the Hearing of such Appeal, the House of Lords shall give such Judgment regarding the farther Proceedings, either by directing a new Trial to be haa, or otherwise, as the case may require.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if a new Trial shall not be applied for, or shall be refused, or if the Exception taken to the Opinion and Direction of the Judge or Judges shall be disallowed, the Verdict shall be final and condusive as to the Fast or Fasts found by the Jury, and shall be so taken and considered by the Court of Session or by the Judge Admiral respectively in pronouncing their Judgment, and shall not be liable to be questioned any where.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein the Court shall pronounce a Judgment in point of Law, as applicable to or arising out of the Finding by the Verdict, it shall be lawful and competent for the Party dissatisfied with the said Judgment in point of Law, to bring the same under Review, either by Representation or Reclaiming Petition, or by Appeal to the House of Lords, or where the Judge Admiral shall have pronounced Judgment in point of Law on the Verdict, it shall be lawful and competent for the Party or Parties to bring the same under the Review of the Court of Session as heretofore.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint, by Commission under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union (0) to be kept and used in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, instead of the Great Seal thereof, One Chief Judge, and Two other Judges, before whom the Trial of Issues may be had and take place, to be called "The Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court in Civil Causes" and to hold their said Offices ad vitam'd this or any other Act under which they shall be Commissioners JhaHFo long continue, or ad culpam; and in case of future Vacancies in the said Commission, the same shall be filled up by a Letter from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, directed to the President and Senators of the College of Justice: Provided always and nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to remove the said Judges on an Address from both Houses of Parliament.

(a) [5 ff 6 jinn. c. 8. Att. 24.]

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons so to be nominated shall be Senators of the College of Justice, or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, and that they fhhU always be at the time of their Nomination qualified to be Seha-tewi-of the College of Justice. - xii./Afidi>e^ mm, fy&e ,-^-

and^fter the pdfcjg of tlfisj

9cfr-: u

*35

|, j, A.D. 1815. GEO. ffl.

C. 41.

it

tb

xof

th the

i

8

the

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of this

Ad, to order and direct to be issued and paid in every Year by

Quarterly Payments, out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

which by the several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of 7 Ann. c. xi.

the Reign of Queen Anne were made chargeable with the Fees,  x-

Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, og n* c, a6#

her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session,

Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds; out of which Sum of Seven thousand Pounds there shall be paid and applied as Salary to the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court, such Sum Yearly in Addition to the Salary which he may receive as a Senator of the College of Justice, as a Lord Commissioner of the Court of Judiciary, or as a Baron of the Court of Exchequer, as will make his Salary equal to the full Salary of the Lord Justice Clerk; and that there shall be paid and applied out of the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, a Salary of Six hundred Pounds yearly to each of the Two other Commissioners, in Addition to the Salaries which they may receive as Senators of the College of Justice, as Commissioners of the Court of Judiciary, or as Barons of the Court of Exchequer; and that of the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, the Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds shall be applied in Payment of the Salaries of the Clerks and other Officers of the said Jury Court, and be divided in such Proportions as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall direct and appoint; and that the Remainder of the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be certified by the Chief Commissioner to the Court of Exchequer to be requisite, shall be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Court and Circuits, the Application of which last mentioned Sum shall be accounted for in the Exchequer of Scotland.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the issues tried be-Trial of all Issues may be had and take place, and shall be good fore all or any and effectual in the Law, whether the same is conducted in Presence of Three

of One or more than One of the said Three Commissioners; and inudge5* all cases in which the Chief Commissioner shall be present, such Chief Commissioner shall be the Presiding Judge, and in his Absence, if the Two other Commissioners shall be present, such of the Two other Commissioners shall be the Presiding Judge as shall be first named in the said Commission, and afterwards in the Order of their Appointment.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all How Commis-cases in which the said Three Commissioners shall be present in Goners to vote. Court, and any Difference of Opinion shall arise, the Matter shall be determined by the Majority; but when Two of the said Commissioners ire present in Court, and they shall differ in Opinion, then the Matter shall be determined by the Judge presiding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where Issues it shall and may be lawful to try such Issues at Edinburgh in time tried.

of Session; and aHo in time of Vacation at Edinburgh, and at such Circuit Towns, as in the Opinion of the said Court of Commissioners the ciccumstances of the case may require, at such time in the Spring andy^intunm Vacations immediately after such Issue k dtm&ed as they fh^Uppoint.

1 -'K 4 ' XVI. And

136

Attendance of Witnessej.

Verdicts how returned.

[Proviso.]

Presiding Judge may attend Division pending Motion for new Trial.

House of Lords may dire# llfues.

4S G. 3. c. 151. 13-

Common Jury Summons.

C. 42.

55 GEO. IE.

A.D. 1815.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Jury Court to grant Warrant for citing Witnesses and Havers, who shall attend and may be compelled to attend and be examined upon Oath, before the Jury Cpurt when required, in the same manner that Witnesses and Havers do attend or may be compelled to attend for the Purpose of Examination upon Oath by the Court of Session.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Trial of every such Issue or Issues, the Judge who presided shall forthwith make a Return to the Division or Lord Ordinary which directed the Issue of the Order or Interlocutor, directing such Issue or Issues, with a Copy of the Verdict of the Jury indorsed thereon, certified by his Signature to be a true Copy; and that the said Presiding Judge shall also, when required by such Division, deliver to them a Report in Writing of the Evidence adduced and given on the Trial of such Issue, as taken down by him at the time, and of the Directions, if any, in point of Law; and the said indorsed Copy of the Verdi ft and the Report of the Proceedings on such Trial shall be conclusive of what passed on such Trial: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Presiding Judge to make such Return directly to the Judge Admiral where the Issue shall have been directed upon his Report.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner or Commissioners who shall have presided at the Trial of the Issue, to attend the Division of the Court of Session pending the Consideration of the Motion, or Petition for a new Trial, and then and there to give such Explanation of what passed at the Trial, as to the said Commissioner or -Commissioners may seem fit or necessary.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the House of Lords, in remitting to the Court of Session any Cause which is now or shall hereafter come before the said House by Appeal from the said Court of Session, to in-struft the Division of the said Court of Session to which the Cause is remitted, to order and direct such Issue or Issues as the said House of Lords shall think fit, to be transmitted to the said Commissioners for the Purpose of being tried by a Jury in manner directed by this Act; subject nevertheless to such Rules and Regulations as are contained with respect to Remits in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Jury shall be summoned for the Trial of such Issues as aforesaid, in the same manner as the Jury is at present summoned to the High Court of Justiciary; and that such Summons shall issue by virtue of an Authority or Precept signed by the Clerk of the Jury Court; and that immediately upon Receipt of the said Authority or Precept, the Sheriff, Stewart or other Officer or Officers employed to return Juries to the High Court of Justiciary, shall make out a List containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode of a competent Number of Persons qualified to serve asJurors, iand shall return the said Lift to, the Clerk of ttev Jury C the said Aathoftjs, or Precept, i*e6||i|6d^,

_ I

|i'- r-

an

dk

k

Hi;

lit!

sii

V-

s

s

S

*37

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 4*.

in si fame Persons being always inserted in the Lifts annexed to each

ffiafe Authority or Precept issued by the Clerk of the Jury Court in

manner aforesaid; which Number of Jurors shall not be less than isat Thirty fix in any County, City, Town or Place, nor more than Fifty; he* and that the Persons named in the said Lifts shall be summoned to

bra serve as Jurors for the Trial of such Issues within the Counties,

Cities, Towns or Places named in such Authorities or Precepts [raj respectively, and no others.

iiij

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of the Jury Common Jury

lot Court shall cause the Name of each and every Person who shall be Ballot.

*31 included in the said Lifts, and summoned as aforesaid, with his Addins don and Place of his Abode, to be written on several and distinct

jip Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being all as near as may be of equal

lip Size and Bigness, and shall cause the said Pieces of Parchment or Paper to be rolled up as near as may be in the same manner, and to ijr, be put together in a Box or Glass provided for that Purpose; and

j when any Issue shall be called on to be tried, some indifferent Person

ti by Direction of the Presiding Judge of the said Jury Court, may and

ijj shall in open Court draw out the said Parchments and Papers one by

j one; and if any of the Persons whose Names shall be so drawn shall

s not appear, or be challenged and set aside, then such further Num-

ber, until Twelve Persons be drawn who shall appear j and after all Causes of Challenge shall be allowed or disallowed, the said Twelve Persons so first drawn and appearing, and approved as indifferent, their Names being marked in the Lift, and they being sworn, shall he the Jury to try the said Issue; and the Names of the Persons so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves in some other Box or Glass to be kept for that Purpose, till such Jury shall have given in their Verdict, and the same is recorded, or until the Jury shall by the Consent of the Parties or Leave of the Court be discharged, and then the same Names shall be rolled up -again and returned to the former Box or Glass, there to be kept with the other Names remaining at that time undrawn, and so toties quoties as long as any Issue remains then to be tried: Provided always, that in chal- Proving lenging the Jurors, it shall be lawful for each Party to have any Four Challenges allowed without assigning any Cause, the Challenges for Cause assigned (if any) being first made respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons Fines on Juror* whose Name or Names shall be so drawn as aforesaid, or who shall be making Default, summoned as a Special Juror or Special Jurors as after mentioned, and who shall not appear after being openly called Three Times, upon Oath made by some credible Penon that such Person so making Default had been lawfully summoned, shall forfeit and pay for every Default in not appearing upon Call as aforesaid (unless some reasonable Cause of his Absence be proved by Oath or Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Court or Commissioner who fits to try the said Issues) such Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and not less than Forty Shillings, as the Court or Commissioner shall Penalty, think reasonable to iufliA or assess for such Default.

XXIII. Provided always, That if the Trial of any Issue shall be jury fWOm brought on in the said Jury Court, before the Jury in any other Issue though former shall nave brought is their Verdict or be discharged, it shall and may Verdict not be lawful for the vpurt to order Twelve of the Residue of the said returue*Parchments or Pepe^pot containing the Names of any, of the Jurors

who

C. 41.

55* Geo. in.

A.D. 1815.

Special Jury.

[Proviso.]

Lift of Persons qualified to be Special Jury-

Jurymen how returned, f Sic.

Notice of strik-fag Jury given.

who shall not have so brought in their Verdict, or be discharged, to be drawn in such manner as is aforesaid, for the Trial of the Issue which shall be so brought on to be tried.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for either of the Parties* in any case where an Issue or I flues is ordered to be tried by a Jury, to apply to the Division of the Court of Session ordering such Issue or Issues, or to the said Jury Court, to dire# that the same shall be tried by a Jury specially chosen from Persons paying Cess in the County, City, Town or Place from which such Jury mall be taken, upon One hundred Pounds of valued Rent, or paying Assessed Taxes to The Crown on a House of the Rent of Thirty Pounds Sterling by the Year; the Persons so qualified as Special Jurymen to be returned as herein enacted as to the Common Juries: Provided always, that it shall not be competent to question any Order or Interlocutor for the (hiking of any Jury, by Reclaiming Petition or Appeal to the House of Lords.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to secure the Return or Jurymen qualified to be Special Jurymen as hereinbefore provided, the Sheriff, Stewart, or proper Officer or Officers employed to return Juries to the High Court of Judiciary, shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, and afterwards on or before the First Day in the Month of January in each Year, make up a Roll of all Persons within their Districts 10 qualified as Special Jurymen in the immediately preceding Year, by paying Cess in the County, City or Town in which such Persons re-fide, upon One hundred Pounds of valued Rent, or paying Taxes to The Crown on a House of Thirty Pounds Sterling by the Year and shall return the said Lift to the Clerk of the Jury Court on or before the Thirty first Day of the said Month.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Number of qualified Persons to be returned by the Sheriff or Steward f as Special Jurymen to try any Issue, shall be Thirty fix; and the Names of the said Thirty fix Persons shall be returned to the Clerk of the Jury Court, and shall by him be annexed to the Order or Interlocutor directinjr the Issue to be tried by a Special Jury.

XXVII. And be it further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Jury Court shall form an exact Copy of the said Lift of Thirty fix Persons so returned by the Sheriff or Stewart; and when the Day of Trial has been fixed by the said Commissioners, he shall give due Notice to the Agents and Counsel of the Parties to attend him at a Time and Place to be specified in said Notice, which the Agents or Counsel of the Parties are hereby required to do; and the said Agents or Counsel shall, in the Presence of the said Clerk, alternately beginning with the Pursuer, strikeoff one from the said Lift, until the Number of Jurymen is reduced to Twenty, which Twenty only shall be summoned to attend the Court on the Day of Trial; and if either of the Parties, their Agents or Counsel, shall fail to attend, after such Notice duly served on them, then the other Party attending shall proceed to strike off One from the said Lift, and the Clerk of Court (haHdfctike off One alternately:

yrfevhkdslwayt, that Twenty Namebe, |eftoo the -Lift ttffcefuto-

Provife.

'*i A.D. 181j. SS" GEO. III. C. 42. 139

ri, tf

: Ifa

btk

it it

D*

jilt

m

id

m

Ik

i

tf

k

1

t

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where a full Jury shall Tale*, not appear before the said Jury Court or elsewhere, after Challenge by either of the Parties, and the Jury is like to remain untaken for default of Jurorj, it shall be lawful for the said Court, or the Commissioner before whom any Issue is to be tried, to direct the Sheriff or other Officer or Officers who summoned the said Jury, upon Request made by either Party, to add to the Lift of the said Jury the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons of the County, City, Town r Place, where the Issue is to be tried, who shall be inserted in some other Lift of the Jurors, and who shall then be attending the Court where such Trial is to be had, to serve upon such Jury, and not any others, if so many out of the said other Lift be present in Court, or can there be found, and that either of the Parties, Pursuer and Defender, may have his Challenge to the Juror or Jurors so named and added to the former original Lift, in such wife as if he or they had been originally included in the said Lift of Jurors for the Trial of such Issue; and that the said Court or Commissioner who fits to try such Issue shall and may proceed to the Trial thereof with those Persons whose Names were originally inserted in the said Lift of Jurors, together with the Person or Persons whose Names have been so added to the original Lift of Jurors as aforesaid, in the same manner as the said Court or Commissioner might and ought to have done if all the said Jurors, whose Names were inserted in the said original Lift, had appeared to try such Issue; and in case any Person or Persons so luryman called added to the said Lift of Jurors as aforesaid, and who shall have been ?nd not appear" present at that time, shall be called and not appear, or after his or, g* their Appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself or themselves from the said Service, then and in every such case the said Jury Court shall and may set a Fine upon every such Person making Default or Fine, wilfully withdrawing himself, such Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than the Sum of Forty Shillings, as the said Jury Court mall think reasonable.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when it shall appear View, that it will be proper and necessary that the Jurors who are to try such Issues as aforesaid should have the View of the Houses, Lands or Places in question, in order to their better understanding the Evidence that will be given upon the Trial of such Issues, in every such case it shall be lawful for either Division of the said Court of Session by the Special Interlocutor by which such Issue is directed, or for the said Jury Court, to order that a View should be allowed; and in every case where such View is allowed as aforesaid, Six of the Jurors named in the said Lift, or summoned as Special Jurors, or more, who shall be mutually consented to by the Parties or their Agents on both Sides, and if the Parties cannot agree, Six or more of the First Twelve on the Lift of [Jurors returned by the Sheriff,

Stewart, or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, shall have the View, and shall be first sworn, or such of them as shall appear upon the Jury to try the Issue before any Drawing as aforesaid, and so many only shall be drawn to be added to Viewers who appear, aa shall, after all Defaulters and Challenges allowed, + to make up the f SU. Number of Twelve, to be sworn for the Trial of the said Issue; and it shall and may'be lawful for the said Jury Court, and they are hereby required hi every such case by an Authority of Precept figoed by the Cleffc of the Jury Court, to order and direct the Sheriff

f Sic.

[Proviso.]

f Sic.

Payment of Jurors.

Oath admini-tiered to Jury.

f Sic.

Other Oaths how admin i-ftered.

Chancellor of Jury elected.

Sheriff or Officer or Officers, who shall summon the Jury for the Trial of such I flue, to have the said Jurors, who shall be so selected or named to be Viewers as aforesaid, at the Place in question, some convenient time before the Trial of the said Issue, who should f then and there have the Matters in question shewu to them by Two Persons named in the said Summons, and appointed by the said Jury Court; and the said Sheriff or other Officer or Officers shall certify upon the said last mentioned Authority or Precept, that the View hath been had according to the Direction contained therein, and shall forthwith return the same to the said Jury Court: Provided always, that the Expence of such View' shall be equally borne by all Parties, and that no Evidence shall be given on either Side at the time of taking thereof: Provided also, that in case no View shall be had, or if a View shall be had by any of the Jurors contained in the said Lift, whether they shall happen to be any of the Jurors who shall be selected or nominated as aforesaid, yet the Trial of the said Issue shall proceed, and no Objection shall be made on f thereof, or for want of a proper Certificate of the View having been taken as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall serve upon a Jury for the Trial of any Issue or Issues, shall be allowed and paid by the Party or Parties against whom upon such Issue or Issues a Verdict shall be found, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: Provided always, that in case the Jury upon the Trial of any Issue shall return a Special Verdict, the Sum to be paid to the several Jurors who shall serve upon such Trial shall be borne and paid by the Pursuer or Pursuers, Defender or Defenders, in equal Portions; and that the Party or Parties in whose Favour the Court of Session shall ultimately decide upon such Special Verdict, shall be allowed the Sum so paid by him, her or them, to the said Jurors in the Costs to be awarded by the said Court of Session.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Jury Court, before proceeding to the said Trial, shall administer to the Jury, the following Oath; videlicet,

swear by God, and as you shall answer to God at the great

4 Day of Judgment, That you shall well and truly try [as the case may be] these Issues, or this Issue f, and a true Verdict give according to the Evidence.*

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this and all other Oaths necessary on the Trial of such Issues, shall be administered in the manner and according to the Form at present in use in the High Court of Justiciary.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chancellor or Foreman of the Jury shall be the Juror chosen by the Majority of the Jurors after they shall be sworn, and in case of an Equality of Votes, the Juror first sworn shall have a double Vote, and when the Verdict is returned to the Court, it shall be declared by the Chancellor or Foreman verbally in open Court, and taken down by the Clerk of the said Jury Court in Writing, before the Jury is discharged, to be afterwards indorsed and certified on t)ie written Ordqr or Interlocutor of the pourt of Sefiioji directiflg

4

'*') A.D. 1815. 5; 0 GEO. III. C. 42.

*or

eledid

dif

'.U

Sca>

"Ff>

bi

Salt:

Hilt

ilia

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Verdict how all Verdicts shall be given by the whole Number of the Jury agree- S, ven'

ing in the Verdict.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if a Jury im- Provision in case pannelled shall not agree in their Verdict within the Space of Twelve Jury cannot Hours from the time they shall be inclosed to consider of their Ver- Irec'

dist, such Jury shall be discharged by the Jury Court from delivering their Ver did, and the said Court shall report the Proceeding to the Division of the Court of Session which directed the I flue, which Division may order another Jury to be summoned for the Trial thereof, or may dispose of the Cause in manner and Form as at present practised: Provided always, that if the whole Number of any Jury Prorifo. who shall have been inclosed to consider of their Verdict, shall agree to apply to the Jury Court for further time to consider of such Ver-dist, the said Jury Court are hereby required to grant such further time beyond the said Period of Twelve Hours as such Jury shall desire.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no pradfifing Certain Persons Advocate, Clerk to the Signet, Solicitor or Procurator before any exempted.

of the Supreme or Inferior Courts, shall be returned or summoned to serve on such Juries.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Oaths taken by That the said Lords Commissionera of the Jury Court, previously Commissioners to their executing any of the Duties of their Office, shall take the

usual Oaths to His Majesty, and the Oath de fidelt; which Oaths the Lord President of the College of Justice, the Lord Justice Clerk, or the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, are hereby respectively authorized to administer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Clerks of Court said, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs hovv appoinred. and Successora, from time to time, as the State of the Business may

require, to appoint Three Clerks to the said Jury Court, being Advocates or Writers to the Signet of at least Three Years* /landing, and Three Macers; and the said Chief Commissioner shall have Power to appoint a Clerk during his Pleasure, who shall keep the Rolls of " the Court, and perform other necessary Duties connected therewith; all of which Officers are hereby strictly prohibited and discharged Fees, from taking any Fees whatever, in respect of the Business of the said Offices.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Oaths admV-

That it shall and may be lawful for the said Jury Court to administer to

to the said Officers and Macers the usual Oaths to His Majesty, and *cers*

upon the Trial of any Issue or Issues that may be directed under the N

Authority of this Act, also to administer the Oath de Jideli to such Officers and Macers as shall attend upon the Trial of such Issue or Issues.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Rules and Regu-/hall and may be lawful for the Court of Session, together with the lations how Commissioners of the said Jury Court, or One of them, assembled frame* by Authority of the Lord President, from time to time as often as there shall be Occasion, to appoint a Committee, consisting of One Judge from each Division of the Court of Session, and One of the said Commissionernfor the Purpose of framing such Rules and Regulations as may be necessary for ordering the Form of Process, and

C42*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18t5*

Jury Court where to affcmbl*.

Report made of Proceedings for carrying Act uto Execution.

Report made of Iflfues directed.

regulating the manner of proceeding, as well in the said Court of Session as in the said Jury Court, botn before the Trial of any Issue, during the Trial thereof, and subsequent thereto, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the Directions and Provisions of this Act, and upon such Report being made by the said Committee, the same shall be taken into Consideration by the said Court of Session and the said CommiCGoners assembled by the Authority of the Lord President, and such Order or Orders shall be made thereupon as to the said Court of Session, or a Quorum thereof, and the said Commissionets or One or more of them shall appear to be fit and proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Jury Court shall be entitled to assemble and meet for the Purpose of trying any Issue or Issues to be directed as aforesaid at Edinburgh, in either of the Rooms now appropriated to the First and Second Divisions of the Court of Session, or in the Room used by the Court of Exchequer for Jury Trials, and at other Places in the Circuit Courts of Justiciary, the Sheriff Courts, or any other Place suitable and proper, as Circumstances and the Convenience of those Courts may admit; and that proper Apartments shall be allotted to the Clerks of the Jury Court in the Register Office in the same manner as to the Clerks of Session, and at other Places, as the Lord Clerk Register shall order and direct.

XLII. And Whereas the Provisions of this Act are to endurt

for Seven Years and no longer: And Whereas it is expedient, with ' fefpeft to such further Regulations as may be necessary during the ' Continuance thereof, as well as in regard to any future Provisions for Trial by Jury in Civil Causes, after the Expiration of the same, ' that regular Returns should be made to both Houses of Parlia- meat of all Proceedings which shall from time to time take Placeunder the Authority of this present Act; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Report shall be made to both Houses of Parliament once in every Year on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall assemble thereafter, of the Proceedings had by the Court of Session or a Quorum thereof, and the Commissioners of the said Jury Court or One of them pursuant to this Act 5 which Report shall be certified under the Hands of the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Justice Clerk, and the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court, and shall contain Copied of all Rules and Regulations to be made for ordering the Form of Process, and regulating the manner of Proceeding, as Well in the said Court of Session, as in the said Jury Court, for carrying into Execution the Directions and Provisions of this Act.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fe Report shall be t made by each Division of the Court of Session td both Houses of Parliament, once in every Year on or before thfc Twenty fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall hot be then fitting, within Fourteen.Dfeyt After Parliament shall assemble thereafter, fpfecifying such Urn 61 shall fov& been directed by either df filth ^DbdfidhB of thfetr /tow* Motion, -Mad fch aa shall hive; bear'wtherwGe

*-ri

fy, A, 0*1815.

55 GEO. III.

c. 42, 43.

M3

it of 1st,

srf

iii

XLIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Report made of Report shall be made to both Housea of Parliament once in every Issue8 tried*

Year, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall assemble thereafter, specifying the Issues tried pursuant to this Act, certified under the several Hands of the Commissioners who shall preside at the Trial of such Issues respectively, and such Reports may contain such Observations as the Commissioner signing the same may think fit to make relative to such Issues.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Continuance of That this Act shall endure and be in force for Seven Years from its Act.

Date, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIII.

Art kOt for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of false and deficient Meafutes.

[ 2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for the Regulation of Measures have been found ineffectual for that Purpose, and Frauds are frequently committed by Persons using false and deficient Measures, by which the Poor in particular are greatly injured; and it would tend to prevent such pernicious and fraudulent Practices if the Justices of the Peace throughout England and Wales were empowered to appoint proper Persons to examine the Measures within their respective Jurisdictions, and to punish such Persons as shall be found offending in the

Premises May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted} and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for. Justices miy the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, appoint proper Cities, Boroughs and Towns Corporate, of England and Wales, at p(ns to exa-their respectire Petty Sefhont, to appoint One or more Person or "hin f"."'* Persons, who shall have Power to examine the Measures within their DiviGom. several Divisions, Districts and Limits.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Examiners, duly and for the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, and appointed, may they are hereby required (having been firrc sworn duly and faithfully enter shP* c* to execute the Office in him or them reposed by virtue of such Ap- Measures poiotment and of this Act, which Oath such Justices are hereby au- ancTfeiie fame! thoriied and empowered to administer) as often as such Justices shall direct, in the Day time to enter into the Shop, House, Outhouses and other Places near to such Shop or House, and into the Stall or Standing Place of any Person or Persons within their respective Divisions or Limits, who shall (ell by Retail, and by any Measure of Capacity, aay Liquid or Dry Goods or other Article whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view and examine all Measures of Capacity in sunk Shop, House, Outhouse, Premises, Stall or Standing Place, and tp finze any such Measure or Measures not being according to thejj^tfd in the Exchequer, which shall upon such Search be found thflria, and to detain the same, to be produced bo-fore the Jofiicet inPetly fiessioni as aforesaidj upon the Hearings 10 the

L

Infoinvition.

P.T.alty.

Warrant.

Irrpilfuinient.

OMtructing,

&c. any Examiner of Measures, or not producing Measures for Examination.

[Penalty.]

Justices to apply Forfeitures to wards Expences of Act;

Returns of Forfeitures made.

C. 43.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

the Information or Informations herein after mentioned; and the Person or Persons in whole Shop, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall or Standing Place, any such deficient Measure or Measures shall be found (against whom foi* such Offence or Offences an Information' dr Informations is and are hereby directed to be preferred) shall, upon' Conviction thereof in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon View or Con- session, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit all such false and deficient Measures, which Measures so forfeited shall be broken and otherwise disposed of as such Justices before whom such Conviction shall have taken place shall order and direct; and shall also forfeit and pay for every such false or deficient Measure any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, as the said Justices, before whom such Person or Persons shall have been convicted, shall in their Discretion order and adjudge, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction; such Forfeiture, together with such Costs and Charges, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, or the Hand and Seal of one of them, by Distress and Sale of so much of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offend- ing as shall be sufficient to pay the said Penalty, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale; and in case no such sufficient Distress can be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, with the said Costs' and Charges, shall not be forthwith'paid, it shall be lawful for such' Justices, or either of them, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their or his Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Gaol or House of Correction of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding One Month, unless the Penalties, Costs and Charges in which such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall be sooner paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, resist or in any wise oppose any of the Persons hereby authorized and empowered to view and examine such Measures in the Execution of his Office; or if any Person felling or retailing by Measure, shall refuse to produce his or her Measures in order to be viewed and examined, he or she who shall so offend, shall, for every such Offence, on being duly convicted on Oath before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, shall adjudge; and such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be levied and recovered in the manner hereinbefore directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall take place shall cause the Amount of the Forfeiture or Forfeitures which shall be levied or paid by virtue of any such Conviction, to be applied towards the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and the Residue {if any) to be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, City, Borimgh dr Town Corporate, on account of thC Public Stock thereof; &d the

find Justices shall also prepare or cause*4b'fc "--- '

theT

AA.I8IJ. 55 GEO. III. C. 43. MS

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Examiners al-shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at their General Jwed reasonable Quarter Sessions, to allow to such Person or Persons as shall be TroubleT^6 or appointed to examine Measures under this Act, a reasonable Re-

compence or Satisfaction for their Trouble in the Execution of the said Office; such Recompence or Satisfaction to be paid to such Person or Persons out of the general Rate or Stock of any such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough or Town Corporate.

VI. And, for the more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Justices to pur-shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hase proper hereby empowered and required, as soon after the passing of this Act Mafuresfor

as may be convenient, to purchase or cause to be purchased, for the Counties &c. V*

Use of their respective Counties or other Limits, out of the general deposited'with

Rate or Stock of such County or other Limit, proper Measures, duly Clerks of Peace.

marked, according to the Standard in the Exchequer; -which shall be deposited either with the respective Clerks of the Peace, or with

some other proper Person, in such safe and convenient Place or Places within their respective Limits, as the said Justices shall direct

ind shall be produced by the Person or Persons in whose Custody

he same shall be lodged (upon reasonable Notice) at such Time

nd Place as any Person or Persons shall by Writing under their re-

peftive Hands require and appoint; the Person or Persons so

squiring the Production of the said Measures, paying the reasonable Costs and Charges of producing the same.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Majority of iajority of the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, Inhabitant* of ould be desirous that any Person or Persons shall be specially ap- owwcd to mi." >inted to examine the Measures within such Parish, Township or lunate Five*10* lace, it shall and may be lawful for such Inhabitants, and they are Householder* a* reby empowered (at a Vestry to be duly holden for that Purpose) Examiner*, nominate Five or more substantial Householder or Householders, be approved of and appointed by the said Justices at their revive Petty Sessions for the Division or District wherein such rish, Township or Place shall lie; which Person or Persons so ninated, approved and appointed, shall have the same Powers and ithorities, within such Parish, Township or Place, as are veiled the Person or Persons appointed for any District, Division or ce respectively.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Appoint- No Appoint: it for such Parish, Township or Place, shall be made until the1 I?*11 of fuclx abitants thereof shall have procured, or caused to be procured, proper Measures, duly marked, according to the Standard in the proper Measures hequer, for the Use of such Parish, Township or Place, to be are procured by ilited in the Custody of the Person or Persons to be appointed as Inhabitants, mentioned; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said ces in their respective Petty Sessions to order and direct the s and Charges of procuring such Measures, and the Recompence Satisfaction to be allowed to such Person or Persons for nis or Time and Trouble in the Execution of such Office, within Parish, Townfiup or Place, to be paid out of the Rate made le Relief of thHSwr within such Parish, Township or Place.

And be it furtiKe^ enacted, That no Proceedings to be had CenMrt ing the Convictk* eF any Offender or Offeddeft agafaft

15 Gxo# III. L Act

Cj

Conviction.

form f Con* viUon.

Proviso for Persons convict. d and suffering for same.

Bodies Politic, &c. to have same Power of examining, See. Measures, as tamer ly.

No Prosecution unless on Information on Oath*

*7 0.5. (L)

C-444. 5$* GEO. III. AD. ifttfe

Act shall b removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say,

it remembered, That on the

in the Year of our Lord at a Petty Session holden at for before us A.B. and C.D. Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said

. F. of in the said

was duly convicted before us the said Justices, for

that he the said E. F. on the Day of

now last past, at in the said

contrary to the Form of the Statute in that case made and provided, [hereJlate the Offence against this AQ-\; and we, the said Justices,

do declare and adjudge that the said E, F. hath for such Offence

forfeited the said [ several ] Measures [ ] and

hath also forfeited the Sum of of lawful

4 Money of Great Britain, to be applied as the Law directs j and the further Sum of of like lawful

4 Money, for the reasonable Costs and Charges attending this Conviction. Given under our Hands and Seals, on the Day and in the Year first mentioned.>

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons convicted of an Offence under this Act, and who shaft differ for the same under this Act, shall not be otherwise punished for such Offence by virtue of any other Law or Statute of this Realm.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend, to lessen or prevent the Authority which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person appointed at any Court Leet for any Hundred or Manor, may have or poftefs for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking or destroying any Measures within their respective Jurisdictions; but that he, (he and they shall and may have and possess the same Power and Authority therein as if this Act had not been made.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless Information thereof upon Oath shall have been given to same Justice of the Peace, within Six Weeks after the Offence committed.

; be

Day of

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Reltef'of the Captors of Prizes, with respects*to the admitting and landing of certam Prize Vessels arid* Goods in Ireland: to continue in fo$ce until therTwen&.fifth Day. of Marth One thousand eight hundred and tech., -

1 Act made hrah* x

IfifiA&sfr'.

iteed by

AXlit'ifi $5 GEOi HI; C. 44^ 14f

r ment of Shipping and Navigation, it was, amongst other things, '

1 enacted, that certain Daties should be paid upon Ships or Vessels- taken and condenmed as Prize, and brought or coming into any Port in Ireland} and by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty 43 G. 3. c. 134.

third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for f the Relief of Captors of Prizes with respeS to the bringing and

landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hof'ilities,

certain Duties were imposed in Great Britain on such Prize Goods  i, i.

and on Foreign Ships and Vessels (except as in the said Act is

excepted) condemned as Prize, and certain Provisions were made with respect to the said Prize Goods and Ships: And Whereas

by an Act made in the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled* 49 G- 3*9&

' An Act for repeating the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Tab'C*

'Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and other Acts, certain Duties of Customs have been granted and made payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and on Ships and Vessels taken and condemned as Prize, or seized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Great Britain, in lieu of the Duties payable under the hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign:

And Whereas it is expedient that like Relief should be afforded

to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing

certain Prize Goods in Ireland, and like Duties should be made

payable in respect thereof, as is afforded and as are now payable

in Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod'.

xcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Prize Good*

>ods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall have been taken as Unded in Ireland ize before the passing or during the Continuance of this Act, and VjJurej|m. ich have been or may be brought into any Port of the United1 are oule* ngdom by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Pri-e or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High miral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the ComrnHEoners for executing the Office of Lord High miral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for time being, or which have been or may be seized by any Non nmissioned Vessels or otherwise as Droits of Admiralty, shall and upon or after Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize in any rt of the United Kingdom, or in any of His Majesty's Domi-s out of the United Kingdom, be landed in any Port of Ireland, secured under The King's Locks in Warehouses provided at 'ole Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation-under the Care and Inspection of the Commissioners of Cuiloms Port Dubes in Ireland.

And be it further enacted, That upon the Admission of any Jr'*e Good*n<i*Goods, Wire* or Merchandize into such Warehouses in Ireland, Juries*in*Schl-ipon the Amtalat any Port in Ireland of any Foreign Ship or dule^nexedT 1 condemned is prize in any of His Majesty's Doinmioris out e United there shall be paid by the Captors or their

ts tte of Customs mentionedr specified and set

in annexed \ ^and that the said, Several*

*7 o-3. (i.;

C. 2J.

Goods taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption to pay, betides Duties in Schedule annexed, same Duties as on Goods regularly imported, fee.

Military or Ships'Stores, 5cc, exempted fnm Duty on Prize Goods.

[Proviso.]

Prize Tobacco and Snuff exempted from Duty under

aa

C'44*

^ GEO. III.

Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, other than Ships, in the said Schedule mentioned, shall be and are hereby

Santed, and shall be raised, levied and paid to His Majesty, hi* eirs and Successcirs, over and above all other Duties of Customs-payable in Ireland, on the like Articles under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the pafGng of this Act, and that the said Duty on Ships and Vessels shall be in lieu of any Duty on Ships and Vessels brought into Ireland under or by virtu* of the Act of the Parliament of Ireland made in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, hereinbefore recited.

III. And be it further enacted, That any such Goods, Waret 9r Merchandize, may be taken out of any such Warehouses wherein they shall be secured as aforesaid (at any time within Three Years, -to be computed from the Day on which such Goods, Wares nod Merchandize shall be respectively entered with the proper Officert of the Customs) to be used or consumed in Irelands and that the Person or Persons so taking the same out of Warehouse shall firfe pay all such Duties, as at the time of so taking the same out of Warehouse would have been due and payable on such Goods, Waret and Merchandize, at the time of so taking the same out of Ware*' house, to His Majesty, if the same had been regularly imported by way of Merchandize into Ireland, over and above the Duties in the Schedule to this Act annexed mentioned and specified, and fnehr Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall in all other respecta be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations to which they would have been subject if this Act had not been made, except as is otherwise provided by this Act: Provided always, that no Duties whatever shall be demanded or taken under or by virtue of this Act for any Prize Goods, confiding of Military or Ships' Stores; that is to fey, Sails, Cordage, Anchors or Cables, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Match, Gun Carriages, Cartridges, at other Materials thereto belonging, nor for any Timber and Iron converted into and made fit for Ship-building, or for any of the Use and Purposes aforesaid; nor for any Salted Beef, Pork and Butter, Biscuit, Small Beer, Pease and Oatmeal; nor for any Sailors* Clothes, Hammocks, Bedding and Apparatus; nor for any Inftrth ments belonging to Surgeons; nor for any Builion; nor for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which, by any Law in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, may be imported into Ireland Duty-free: Provided dfo, that no Ship of War, nor any PrU vate Ship or Vessel of War, which hath been or shall be taken front the Enemy and legally condemned as Prize, nor the Sails nor any of tjhe Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, shall be charged or chargeable with or subject or liable to pay. any Duty whatever under this Act; any Law, Custom or Usege. to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Tobacco and Snuff oflHt Sorts taken and condemned as Prize, shall and may be brought into, any of the Ports of Ireland, into which Tobacco piay byLawbet imported, and that such Tobacco and Snuff brought into any fut& Rurt shall and may be altered, landed and lodged, or w*oide^ or.Wartdious^ provided aowding to L

br"-

149

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 44.

m like manner, or entered for Home 'trade, Manufacture or Con-

C. 44.

(hmption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the British Plantations in America, of of the United States of America, may be exported from Ireland, or entered for Home Trade, Manufacture or Consumption in Ireland respectively at the time; and the Exporter of such Prize Tobacco Drawbacks.

/ball, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland and exported according to Law, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the British Colonies or Plantations, or of the United States of America, legally exported from Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Wheat, Wheat Meal or Prize Wheat, Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Big, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beam, /- warehoused Han Com or Maize taken and condemned as Prize, shall, on the same underf ReJPla; !>etng brought into any Port in Ireland, be warehoused and subject

such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Duties, Drawbacks, Pe-raltiei and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted by any Act or \6is of Parliament in force in Ireland on and immediately beford he passing of this A A, with respect to any Foreign Corn imported ito Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as r all the Clauses, Powers, Directions and Authorities in such Act* tspectively were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body r this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any Foreign Ship Prize Foreign Vessel (not being a Ship of War or a Private Ship or Vessel or Vessels to p*y Tar) hath been or shall hereafter be taken before the passing or Duty on Aa-iring the Continuance of this Act, and hath been or shall be con- Mval 5

mned as Prize in any of His Majesty's Dominions out of the aited Kingdom, the Duty due and payable by Law in Great aitain or Ireland respectively for fufch Ship or Vessel under any it or Acts m force for that Purpose in Great Britain, or under*Act shall be paid upon the first Arrival of such Ship or Vessel any Port in the United Kingdom, to the Collector of Hii jesty's Customs at such Port, by the Matter, Owner or Consignee' such Ship or Vessel, whether the same shall or shall not have been 1 by the Captors after Condemnation } and that no Foreign-built not entitled to p or Vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the Pri- Privilege ofe of a British-built Ship or Vessel or of an Irish Ship or Vessel British-built such Duty shall be paid for the same; and it mall be lawful for sh.'P81, 11 Dot? Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scot-or Ireland respectively, to stop and detain such Ship or Vessel: ly such Port in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, until' aid Duty shall be paid as aforesaid; and in case Payment thereof not not be made for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the' Ships fold. Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port in England, Scotland reland respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Commers of nh Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland dively or any Three or more of them, to cause such Ship* or I, and her Maflh^Apparel and Furniture, to be sold publicly to: ft Bidder, Produce thereof to be applied ffrft to the

ent of the it shall arise by such Detention

oext to the the Customs and Duties, and the Qv4y-'

0 be pid to the stoprtetor of fadi Ship or Vessel or othertfer-

L

-I JO

C. 44.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Certificate of Condemnation of Goods produced, &c.

Prize Goods not entered as such.

Forfeited.

Prize Goods warehoused exported wiihiu Three Years.

son duly authorized by such Proprietor to receive the same; and that whenever such Duty shall be paid for and in respect of such Foreign Ship or Vessel at the Port of the first Arrival of such Ship or Vessel either in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, no Duty shall be payable on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any other Port of Great Britain or Ireland respectively under this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force for that Purpose, in respect of fudi Vessel having been so taken and condemned as aforesaid; and that whenever any such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall have been brought into any Port in Great Britain and shall have been condemned in any Court in Great Britain as lawful Prize, and shall have paid thie Duties imposed on such Ship or Vessel, under and by virtue of any Ad or Ad9 in force in Great Britain; no Duty whatever shall be payable in Ireland for or in respect of such Ship or Vessel under or by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods or any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize and condemned as lawful Prize shall be imported or brought into Ireland, a Certificate from and under the Hand and Seal of the Judge or Registrar of the Court in which such Goods shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the Golledor or principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port or Place in Ireland into which such Goods shall be imported, certifying the Condemnation thereof; and the Master of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Goods shall be imported shall, together with the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, make Oath before the said Collector or principal Officer (who is hereby empowered to administer the same), that to the bell of their Knowledge and Beiitef the Goods so imported are the identical Goods mentioned in the Certificate of Condemnation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Importation into Ireland of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been condemned as lawful Prize, the same shall be entered a6 Prize Goods, and shall be so distinguished and specified in every Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be so entered, distinguished and specified, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Culloms or Excise.

JX. And be it further enacted, That any Prize Goods which shall be received into any Warehouse in Ireland under this Act, and which shall have paid the respective Duties due and payable - under this Act, shall and may at any time within Three Years, to be computed from the Day on which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be entered with the proper Officer of the Culloms, be exported directly from Ireland either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person or Persons, without paying any further Dhty of Culloms or Excise for the same, the Person or Persons exporting the same giving Efficient Security in double the Value of the Goods before the Delivery thereof out of the Warthouse, that the bereally s

Atl}

a

: (y

D

rote

foi

Itta

iff

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

0.44*

IS*

X. And be it farther enacted, That if the Owner or Proprietor Goods not of any Good*, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be secured in clred wuhiu

Warehouses under the Regulations of this Act, shall not within the

Space of Three Years, to be computed as aforesaid, clear and take*.

away such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from and out of such

Warehouses, either for Exportation or for Consumption in Ireland,

then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Com-

aissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to cause all such,

[Proviso.]

Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be publicly fold; and after such Sale, the Produce thereof shall in the First Place be applied to or towards Payment of the Charges of Warehouse Room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon; and in the next Place, to or towards Payment of the Duties of all Customs and Excise on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Owner or Proprietor, or such other Person or Persons as may be authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that no Goods, Wares or Merchandize prohibited to be imported into Ireland, which shall be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, shall be permitted to be cleared from Warehouse for Home Consumption in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that When Part of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain, granted or Duties in G.B. 1 made payable by any Act in force in Great Britain, at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act or the Schedule hereto annexed, or any Part of peaied or cease, such Duties in Great Britain shall cease or determine, or be repealed, Duties under ' or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain; Provision shall Act reduced in be made, that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this Propm<rar Act and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine, or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain; and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties paid In

Duties by this Act made payable shall be paid and payable accord- Brktfh Curing to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and shall be raised, ^"7* -levied, collected, paid and applied, in the same Manner, and under

such Powers and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such as former Du-Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are ties and Draw-appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying hacks.

|nd paying, and managing of any Duties payable on Goods, Wares asd Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fif- 14 & 15 Car. % teenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the (*) Srifc 4- < 8. Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon Bit Majesij, his Jfetrs and Successors, according to the Book, of Rates therein insertediftt^ ky an Act made in the Forty sixth Year 46 0.3. ctoi.

\ present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide*>

" the several Acts relating to the Revenues, the Management of the Commissioners of

Kandof the Commissioners of lnud4Mndfe^

la - ana

of the Reign fir the better

*s*

C. 44-

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

AppeaL

Continuance of

Aa.

Ad amended, tcc.

and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise; or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted; with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Hus late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force from and after the passing thereof, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and no longer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize, or seized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Ireland.

Duty. British Currency.

Brandy, if taken by a Ship of War or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons if taken by a Private Vessel, the Tun, containing 252

Gallons

Cocoa, if taken by a Ship of War or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Cwt. -if taken by a Private Vessel, the Cwt.

Coffee, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Cwt. if taken by a Private Vessel, the Cwt.

Sugar, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as Droits of Admiralty, the Cwt. -if taken by a Private Vessel, the Cwt.

Vinegar, if taken by a Ship of Wat, or by a Private Vessel, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -Wine, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a Private Vessel, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

All other Goods, Wares and Merchandize not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with Duty, if taken by a Ship of War, or seized as f)roits of Admiralty, for every 100 of the Value thereof -

- if taken by & Private Vessel, for every 100 of the Value

thereof- - -'-

Ships or yeffeti^a|i|ftfemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty iu, Majesty* Pp* unions out of she United

. d.

3 11 3

I 3 9

- 5 11

- 1 11

16 7

- 5 7

- 96

- 3 2

2 ip 

2 ip

XI7 s

S9 a:. t

- t;, v

Ik

*S

'k

til

S1

!*k

JSJj

SB

S5k]

5*:

fW,

A.D. 18f$

55 GEO. Hl,

C. 4jw 153

CAP. XLV.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on^W by His Majesty's European Subjects in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sir eighty for the Purpose of taking Whales and other Creatures being in those Seas,

4 by continuing certain Premiums granted in an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 51 G. 3. c. 34.

for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Premiums, several Premiums herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed to certain Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations contained in the said Act, and also in an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His 35 G*3- c. 92-present Majesty, and mentioned in the said Act, and under the.

Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations expressed in this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for Eight of such Ships or Premium to Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the First Day Eight Ships em-January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight Ployed Fl(^erJ hundred and fifteen, and between the First Day of January and 0

Thirty first Day of December in each of the Four succeeding Years, 1 e, (lua and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator and there carry on the Fishery, and shall return before the First Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Three hundred Pounds to each of the Eight such Ships which shall so fail and first. arrive within the times hereinbefore mentioned with the greatest.

Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken together being not less in the whole than Twenty Tunsf in each of such Ships or Vessels, and f SU.

being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales or other Crea-. tures being in those Seas taken and killed by the Crews of every, such Ship or Vessel respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That for Four other such Ships premium to or Vessels which shall be so fitted or cleared out. and shall fail within Four ships so the time hereinbefore mentioned and proceed to the Southward of employed to Thirty fix Degrees of South Latitude an4 shall there bona fide carry, s"l, jj*ward of on the said Fishery, and shall not return until after the Expiration of, south Latitude Fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year, after their clearing out, to some Port, in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Spur bundjed Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which fh^U so fail and arrive within the time hereinbefore, last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil. and Head Matter, taken together bri$g not less in tffe whole than Twenty Tons, ' and being the Produ^of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures 'ole Sc^/|^d taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship

Premium'toTen Ships to employed that shall double Cape Harn, fcc.

Premium to Nine Ships.

Benefits to Ships employed in Southern Whale Fishery returning to Port in Ireland.

"Whale Boats not liable to Seisure on account of Built, fitc.

C. 4$ 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181y;

IV. And be it further enacted, That for Ten other Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December in each of the Four succeeding Years, and shall double Cape Horn or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seat, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Westward of Cape Horn in those Seas, or shall double the Cape of Good Hope and carry on the' laid Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Eastward of One hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain until after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed Six hundred Pounds to any one of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together being not less in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward; and there shall be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of such Ships and Vessels, last before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together being not less in the whole than Thirty Tuns, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Ships which shall clear out for the Southern Whale Fishery, and shall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil the Produce of the said Fishery within the Period limited by this Act, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Advantages arising from Bounties, Remission of Duties, or otherwise granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty fifth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the like manner and to the same Extent as if such Ships had returned to any Port in Great Britain,

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Boat used as and commonly called if Whale Boat belonging to any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streight or in the Fishery carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be liable to Seizure for or on account of her Built, Dimensions or Construction; provided, on the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fisheries at the End of eveij Season futh Boat shall be laid up by the Owner or Owners thereof in such Place or Places as shall be approved of by the Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs of the Port at which inch Ship or Vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or mftdcufewf ia any way whatever bat in the find Fisheries^ ' 5 s

>4'*'myvr-?4 >r-

A.DaSiJ.

55 GEO. III.

*55

C. 4S*

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers

?lty

of 1

or Criminals, in England.

[2d May 1815.]

WHEREAS n Act was made in the Forty eighth Year of 48 0.3. c. 96.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Crime-

naii, in England: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act 1 should be amended; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every case in Committee of which it shall have been or may hereafter be determined that a Lu- Visiting Justices natic Asylum shall be erected under the Provisions of the said recited f

Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or united Counties at whose Expence such Lunatic

Asylum shall have been or shall be erested, annually, at the Michaelmas

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County

or Counties respectively, or, in Counties where Annual General

Sessions have been fixed by Law, at such Annual General Sessions to

cleft the Members of the Committee of Visiting Justices, for the

Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum; and that Vacancies filled -

it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for such up.

County or Counties, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being left than Seven, assembled at any Annual General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Counties respectively, or any Adjournment thereof, to fill up any Vacancy in the Number of Visiting Justices so appointed as aforesaid, that nay have occurred by the Death or Resignation of any such Visiting Justice.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Justices assembled at In case Election he Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Annual ?egl&edVUit- General Session in any Year, shall omit or neglect to make such Election as aforesaid, or if the Justices assembled at any Annual deemed Com* general or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall mitiee. tcgleft or omit to fill up any Vacancy that may have occurred s aforesaid, the Committee of Visiting Justices before appointed, or jch of them as shall continue to act, shall be deemed and taken to e the legal Committee of Visiting Justices, for the Building, Erec-on and Management of such Asylum, until the next Michaelmas reneral Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Annual General Session.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subscribers to any Subscribers to -unatic Asylum erected or to be erected by Voluntary Contribu- Lunatic Afy-ons, who may have united or who may hereafter unite with any lums who may ounty dr Counties, under the Provisions of the said recited Act (a), or the Majority*? such Subscribers present at a General Meeting counties annu-be held in die Month of: 0 Sober in every Year, of which due ally mayelea otice shall he given by Public Advertisement in some Newspaper Committee of culated within the County in which such Lunatic Asylum shall be ^w^hCom-uate, shall inmlb/f elect their Committee x>f Governors, Directora roittB# of ViG&-,; 2 [*) [48 (L30A96. ing JuUicea.

ife -

IJ<

In case of neglect to make

Election, Governors continuing to ait deemed Committee.

Clerk may1 convene new Meeting!.

Justice* to fix Sumi expended in Purchase of Land', Sec. or in erecting Buddings.

0.46)

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

or Subscribers, for the Purpose of acting with the Committee of Visiting Justices appointed or to be appointed on behalf of such County or -Counties, for the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum, in the manner prescribed by the (Said recited Act (a); and that it shall be lawful for the Subscribers to any such Asylum erected or to be erected by Voluntary Contributions as aforesaid, or the major Part of them present at any General Meeting to be called for that Purpose of which due Notice shall be given as aforesaid, ' to fill up any Vacancy in the Number of such Committee of Governors, Di rest or 5 or Subscribers as aforesaid, that may hate occurred by the Death or Resignation of any Member of such Committee.

(a) r48 G. 3.r.96.f2.]

I Vi And be it further enacted, That if no such Annual Meeting as aforesaid shall take place, or the SubScribere assembled at such Meeting shall fail to make such Election as aforesaid, then the Governors, Directors or Subscribers, before appointed to act with the Committee of Visiting Justices appointed or to be appointed by such County or Counties, for the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum, or such of them as shall continue to act, shall be deemed and taken to be a legal Committee, for the Purpose of acting with such Committee of Justices as aforesaid, until the next General Annual Meeting of Subscribers to Such Lunatic Asylum.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Committee of Visiting Justices, or of Visiting Justices united with any Committee of Governors or Directors of or Subscribers to any Lunatic Asylum erected or to be erected by Voluntary Contributions, shall neglect to adjourn any Meeting held for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or where any unforeseen circumstance shall occur, rendering the Meeting of such Committee necessary within the Period to which their Meeting may have been adjourned, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to such Committee to convene a new Meeting, by a Circular1 Letter to each Member of such Committee, informing him of the Time and Place of such Meeting, Ten Days at least before the same shall be held.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which a Lunatic Asylum shall have been or shall hereafter be erected by any County under the Provisions of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of such County, or the major Part of them (such major Part not being less than Seven) assembled' at any Annual or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof to be held for such County, from time to time to fix and limit the Sums which may be expended on the Purchase of Lands or Houses, or in the Erection of New Buildings, > or in the Extension or Alteration of existing Buildings for the Pur- pole of such Lunatic Asylum, or the Yards, Outlets or Courts thereunto belonging, as well on the first Establtshment of such Lunatic Asylum, as at any time during, its Continuance; and it shall' npt be lawful for the Committee or Visiting Justices appointed for the Building, Erection and Management of such Asylum, torttrt* iuto any Gontraft or Contrafts for the Bureshafeof Lands or Houses or faErection of New Buildings, ' e for the ExtanfanradL

*fi*xiftiijg, Build*ngf for i

I*'

dfo "wtetefartisdd the Sums

A.D. S5" GEO. III. C. 4fcJ7

time to time limited tnd appointed by the Justices assembled m Sessions as aforesaid; and no Contra ft fa entered into by such Vifrt-iag Justices shall be held to be valid or legal

VII. And Whereaa it is in the said, recited Act enacted, that 48 0.3. C. 9.

the Weekly Rate to be fixed by the Committee of Visiting Juf- $a4*

tices, to be paid for each Pauper confined in any Lunatic Afy-

lutn, shall in no case exceed Fourteen Shillings per Week: And

Whereaa it may be necessary that such Weekly Rate should, in

certain casea, be increased; Be it further enacted, That it shall Weekly Rate be lawful for the Justices of the: Peace acting in and for any for Paupers in-County at whose Expence any Lunatic Asylum shall have been or creased by shall be hereafter erested, or the major Part of them assembled at any Justlce4*

Annual General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such

County, or any Adjournment thereof (such major Part not being left than Seven), to make such Addition to such Weekly Rate as to them shall Deem fit and necessary, and to make an Order accordingly; which Order shall be signed by the Clerk of the Peace, oc his Deputy, on behalf of the Court, and forthwith published in some Newspaper circulated within the County; and such additional Rate shall be paid by the Overseera of the Poor of the Parishes, Town-ships or Places, to which the Lunatics in such Asylum respectively >elong, in the same manner 39 is provided by the said recited Act: vith regard to the Weekly Rate from time to time to be fixed on >y the Visiting Justices for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and -are of such Lunatics.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Overseera of ustices of the Peace acting in and for any County, at their several p?r 10 return 'etty Sessions, to issue their Warrants to the Overseera of the Poor Ll?sr?fLun-aVc* f the Parishes, Towuftiips and Places within their several Subdivi- p^ifoe^verified ons, to return true Lifts of all Lunatics and dangerous Idiots, on Oath, ac-eing Paupers, within their respective Parishes, specifying the Name, compared with ex and Age of each Lunatic and Idiot, and whether such Lunatics* Certificate from; dangerous or otherwise; and for what Length of time such Lu-itics shall have been disordered in their Senses; and the Overseera ner* the Poor of the Parishes aforesaid shall, on tie Receipt of such Warrants, forthwith prepare and return such Lifts accordingly; and ch Lifts shall be verified on Oath before the Justices of the Peace their Petty Sessions as aforesaid, and accompanied with a Certifi-te from a Medical Practitioner, as to the State and Condition of ch Lunatic or dangerous Idiot} and any Overseer of the Poor to,

10m any such Warrant shall have been directed and delivered, who

ill refute or neglect to prepare such Lift, or to return the same at

: Time and Place by such Warrant fixed, with such Certificate as.

resaid* or to verify such Lift on Oath, shall, for every such Of*

ce, be subject to such Fine as Overseera of the Poor and other Fin^

riffi and Peace Officers are subject for neglect of Duty, under

Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's 33 0.3. c. 5f>

ign, intituled An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose.

\es on Conjhikt, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers for kd of Dify.mid on Majhrs of Apprentices for ill Usage of such r Apprentices and also to make Provision for the Execution of rrants of Disttifi grafted bf Jfiagistrates; and such Fine (hut imposed, levied and enforced in the manner in the said Act fte&idnd thejttffcces aforesaid shall eause the said Lifts to be

rj.8

Lifts laid before General Quarter Sessions.

Expends of

Examination of Lunatics, &c. paid by Panlhes.

Visiting Justices may discharge Lunatics.

48 G. 3. c. 96.

4.

Returns taken on last Returns of Population.

5^0.3. c. 79.

Number of Visitoxs limittC

G<4^

55 GEO. III.

forthwith transmittedto the Clerk of the Peace, or hi? Deputy; to be by him laid before the Justices of the Peace acting in and for such County, at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or General Annual Session: And it shall be lawful for such Overseers of the Poor to defray the necessary Expences of the Examination of such Lunatics or dangerous Idiots, by a Medical Prafti-tioner, out of the Poor Rates of the Parishes to which such Lunatics' or Idiots respectively belong; or where the legal Settlement of any such Lunatic of Idiot shall not have been ascertained, then out of the Poor Rates of the Parish in which such Lunatic or Idiot; shalt reside.

IX. And Whereas it may happen, that Lunatics, by the Provisions of the Laws now in force, may be unnecessarily detained in any Lunatic Asylum after their Recovery, during the Intervals of Meetings of the Committee of Visiting Justices, or by reason of the Nonattendance of a sufficient Number of Visiting Justices at any Meeting of such Committee; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Visiting Justices at any time, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Medical Superintendent of such Asylum, to discharge from such Asylum any Lunatic confined therein, whose perfect Recovery may be certified by the said Medical Superintendent.

X. And Whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act of the'

Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, that where any

Two or more Counties shall think fit to unite, the Proportion of the Expences necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, to be charged and assessed upon the several Counties so uniting, shall be calculated upon the Numbers of the respective Population of the said several Counties, as stated in the Returns' 4 made in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty firfk Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase and Diminution thereof Be it hereby further enacted, That in all cases of the Union of any Two or more Counties, or of the Union of any Place or Places of distinct Jurisdiction with any such County or Counties, the Proportion of the Expences necessary for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, or of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupen or

Criminals, in England, or of this Act, shall be calculated upon the Numbers of the respective Population of the said several Counties and Places as shall have been stated in the last Returns of the said Population (a), which shall have been made under the Authority of Parliament previous to the Union of such Counties.

(a) [See 51 G. 3. r. 6.]

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Visitors to be appointed by any such Place of distinct Jorif-distion so uniting with any County or Counties shall hear the same. Proportion to the Number of Visiting Justices appointed by such' County or Counties, as the Population offuth Place shall hearts ^Population of such County or Counties^ ad shall in no esse etu ytecd such Proportion* - b'*:

id by vj O Og 1C

A.D. 1&ij. GEO. III. C. 4<?59

XII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That whenever when ny and so often as it shall appear to the Justices of the Peace acting in Asylum can ae-and for any. County or Counties at whose Expence any Lunatic commodate Asylum shall have been erected, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being less than Seven, assembled at any General a" Quarter Sessions of the Peace or General Annual Session, that the dition under Space within such Asylum is more than sufficient for the Accommo- certain Regula-dation of Lunatics, being Paupers, within the Didrift or Districts dons, for which such Asylum mail have been built, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices so assembled to make Order for the Admilfioit of so many Lunatic Patients as to them shall seem expedient, not being Pauper or Criminal, or being Paupers but belonging to any other County, or to any Parish, Township or Place within the County or Counties by which such Asylum shall have been erested, which may be exempt from contributing to the County Rate of such County or Counties, and which shall not have united with such County or Counties, or contributed to the Expence of such Erection, under the Conditions and Regulations following; that is to say, That no such Lunatic Patient mall be admitted into such Asylum without an Order signed by one Visiting Justice, directed to the Governor or Superintendent of such Lunatic Asylum, nor without the Certificate in Writing of a regular Practitioner in Medicine, terrifying the Lunacy of such Patient, nor without an Undertaking igned by Two substantial Householders, or the Minister and One of he Churchwardens, or One of the Overseers of the Poor of the Pa-i(h or Place within which such Lunatic shall be resident at the Pe-iod of Application made for the Admission of such Patient into such Vfylura, for the due Payment of the Weekly Allowance and other ixpences contingent upon the Maintenance and Care of such Luna-ic, during the Time of his or her Continuance in such Asylum, at 'ell as for the Removal of such Lunatic from such Asylum, within 'hire Days after due Notice given in Writing by the Governor of uperintendent of such Asylum, by the Order of One or more Visit-g Justice of such Asylum, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to Penalty* r recovered and applied as other Penalties are directed to be recored and applied by virtue of this or any other Acts of Parliament,

fled for the building and maintaining of Asylums for the Reprion of Pauper Lunatics: ^Provided always, that the Weekly Proviso rovision for the Maintenance of such Patients, not being Paupers, all be fixed by the Visiting Justices, at such' Rate, as shall in their dgment be sufficient to cover every Expence liable to be incurred or on account of each such Patient respectively; and that in no e such Weekly Provision shall be fixed at a Sum less than a Sum teeding by One third the Weekly Sum paid at such time by the rishes within such District or Districts, for the Maintenance of Patients thereto belonging respectively, together with such extra, arge for Clothing and Medicine, as may be incurred during the ntinuance nf such Patient in such Asylum, under the S&action of Visiting Ipfficei thereof.

16*

C>47*

Ss' GEO. nt

A.D. 1815.

Justices to up-point a time and Place for Overseers of Poor, and Surveyors of Highways, to deliver Returns to Matters Hated in annexed Schedules; and to give Notice to them to make Returns to Condables, requiring Attendance at Meetings.

Proper Officers to iffift in filling Up Returns.

CAP. XLVn.

An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Ezpence and, Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Information should be obVV tained respecting the State of the Poor, and of the Expencea attending their Maintenance, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and also respecting the Extent of the Highways, and the Expences of repairing them May it there, fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of thef same. That the several Justices of the Peace within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions in England and Wales, shall and they are hereby required to appoint a Time and Place or Times and Places* which time or times shall be on or before the Twentieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for the Overseers of the Poor and Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, and also of the several Town ships, Places or Divisions, which maintain their Poor separately and distinctly within their respective Jurisdictions, or repair their own Highways, and for the Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways of any former Year if necessary, to deliver to them respectively the Returns to the several Matters and Things in this Act contained and stated in the Schedules to this Act annexed; and Two or more of the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given to such Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways, or to the Person or Persons, Trustee or Trustees exercising the Duties of the Office of Surveyor of the Highways, to make such Returns respectively within their respective Jurisdictions, and also to the High Constables, and where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace within such respective Jurisdictions, at least Six Days before the Day of such Meeting or Meetings respectively, requiring their Attendance at such Meeting or Meetings for the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in cases where there shall be a House of Industry or Workhouse belonging to any Parish or Place, whether separately and distinctly for One Parish or Place, or conjointly with any other Parish or Place or Parishes or Places incorporated therewith, the Overseer to whom the said Schedule shall be delivered is hereby required to call on the Governor or other proper Officer of such House of Industry or Workhouse for his Aid and Assistance in properly filling up and completing the said Schedule, and such Governor or other proper Officer is hereby re* quired under the Penalties herein recited, to afford to the said Ow leer all necessary Information for properly fitting up and complftfag such Parts of the said Schedule as shall relate to such House of In* duftry or Workhouse; and the Governor or other proper Officer of any incorporated House of Industry or Workhouse is further^ (Wired to compute the Share of the T'A v

w? Number^ Persons belonging to ett&dif

'SL5

\6\

within the Years ending at Easier One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen respectively, and to examine whether such Particulars relating to the House of Industry or Workhouse be properly entered in the proper Schedule, and if satisfied therein, shall certify the same on the Schedule in Writing, signed by himself.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the Justices tore-said Justices of the Peace shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, at such Meeting or Meetings so to be appointed officers, and ex-as aforesaid, to receive and take the Returns to be made by the amtne them to Overseers of the Poor and Surveyors of the Highways as aforesaid Truth, and in Writing, signed by themselves, pursuant to the Directions of this attest same.

Act, and then and there administer to them respectively the Oaths contained in this Act; and such Justices are hereby authorized, if hey shall fee Cause, to examine such Overseers and Surveyors of he Highways upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained n such Returns respectively, and to call for the original Accounts of such Overseers and Surveyors of the Highways if they shall see it, in order to explain and verify the said Returns as shall then be tade; and the said Justices shall sign and attest such Returns at the 'oot of the same without Fee, when on Inspection the same shall Fee. ipear to them to be complete, and deliver such Returns so signed id attested to the respective High Constables, or other proper Offi-rs as aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them transmitted the Clerks of the Peace, or Town Clerks, as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said High Constables, Constables to other proper Officers, within the respective Jurisdictions as afore- receive from

d, shall, at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the oHkhe^ ?ar One thousand eight hundred and fifteen (or as soon thereafter dulefto deliver may be), receive from the said Clerks of the Peace, or Town to Overseers of irks, printed Copies of each of the Schedules to this Act annexed, Poor, and trans-l forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered out one of each such m, t from thera ledules to One of the then Overseers of the Poor, and another to Re.tl^?s, of Poor e of the Surveyors of the Highways, of every Parish, Townshipn< ways* Place within their respective Limits, as well within Towns Corate as without, and, when required by the respective Justices of Peace as aforesaid, attend the said Meeting or Meetings, and and there receive the several Returns made by the said Over-3 and Surveyors of the Highways, and indorse upon the Back of of them the Name of the Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, inst, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City or Town Corporate,

ein the said Parish, Township or Place therein mentioned is te, and deliver or transmit the same, together with a true and ft Lift of every Parish, Township and Place, and also of the fern and Surveyors of the Highways to whom such Schedule have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the ! and Town Clerks at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the ? to be holden in the Year One thousand eight hundred and 1, or some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof (which Ad-nent and A&nffnments the Justices at such Quarter Sessions quired to mftfe to some convenient Day within Forty Days he laid Michmii^Quarter Seflkma in the Year One thousand hundred and fifkkt*nd from time to time as often as shall efiary, to fostf ^QM^convenient Days within Ten Days from 5 Gw. IIL v M the

C. 47. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Overseers of Poor to attend Justices and deliver Accounts.

Overseer making Default. Penalty.

the preceding Day of Adjournment, in all cases where such Returns shall not be made at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, and uiitil full and complete Returns shall be made), upon Pain of Forfeiture for every Default and Neglect in the Matters aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township and Place, shall, and they are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings which shall be so appointed, and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by them, a just and true Account upon Oath, as herein directed (according to their Knowledge of the same), of the total Amount of all and every Sum and Sums of Money raised and expended by them, or by their Predecessors in Office respectively, for or on account of the Poor within the respective Districts, Parishes, Townships or Places, for the several Years ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Easter One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and March the Twenty fifth One thouUnd eight hundred and fifteen, respectively, according to the different Heads of Rates levied, or Disbursements mentioned in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed; and shall for that Purpose cause the Total of such Disbursements for such Year to be divided and classed under such different Heads of Disbursements accordingly; and shall also at such Meeting or Meetings deliver in like manner a true and just Account, upon Oath, of the Number of Poor Persons who shall have received constant or occasional Relief during the said several Years, within the respective Houses of Industry or Workhouses, or otherwise, in the respective Parishes, Town ships or Places aforesaid, as stated in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and shall respectively fill up the Blanks and other Spaces in such Schedule with the several Matters required to be therein returned, according to the Truth of the case; and shall also at the same time produce to the said Justices, if required, the Assessments under which the Money was collected, and the Accounts of all Expences respecting the Poor for the said Year, for their Inspection and Examination; and that every Overseer making Default in any of the Matters hereby required shall, for every such Neglect and Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Juf-

Overseers authorized, fcc, to inspect Accounts.

[Penalty.]

tices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made 5 And in order to enable the said Overseers to make Answers and Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and empowered to call for, inspect and take Copies of the Accounts of the Overseers, for each of the Years ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Easter One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and March. the Twenty fifth One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or so tquch thereof as shall be necessary, in whole Hands soever they (hldl luip# pen to be; and every Person or Persons ip whole Custody qr Rowe; such Account or Accounts lhaft h^s shall required to prqdt&e and Jpch ref]

" 1 Oveyfeerv |wr. the T

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 47. 163

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor# of the High- Surveyors of ways in every such Parish, Township and Place, shall, and they are Highways to at-hereby reqaired to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting j"iver r or Meetings which shall be so appointed, and then and there deliver Accoun\s % ^to the said Justices in Writing, signed by them, a jull and true Account upon Oath as herein directed (according to their Knowledge of the same 1 of the estimated Extent of Public Highways or Roads used for Wheel Carriages, computing the aggregate Length of such Highways in Statute Miles of Seventeen hundred and sixty Yards toaMi/e, distinguishing paved Streets and Turnpikes, if any, within their respective Districts, Parishes, Town ships or Places; and also Accounts, as nearly as the same can be ascertained, of all and every the Sum or Sums raised and expended by them, and also of the .'ftimated Value of Labour performed in Kind, for or on account )f the Highways within their respective Districts, Parishes, Townships or Places, for the several Years ending in October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred and hirteen and One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, according

0 the different Heads of Disbursements described in the Questions f the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, and shall respectively 11 up the Blanks and other Spaces in such Schedule, and the veral Matters required to be therein returned, according to the ruth of the case; and shall also at the same time produce to the id Justices, if required, the Accounts of all Money received and pended on the Highways, for their Inspection and Examination

d that every Surveyor of the Highways, making Default in any Surveyor the Matters hereby required, shall for every such Neglect and making Default, cfault forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Penalty. iunds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom implaint thereof shall be made; and, in order to enable the said rveyors of the Highways to make Answers and Returns as afore-I, they are hereby authorized and empowered to call for, inspect take Copies of the Accounts of the Surveyors of the High's, for each of the Years ending in October One thousand eight dred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and; thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or so much thereof as

1 be necessary, in whose Hands soever they shall happen to be; every Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power every such: ount or Accounts shall be, shall and they are hereby required roducc and deliver such respective Accounts to the said Sur-

ra of the Highways for the Purposes aforesaid, upon the Pain Penalty.

rfeiting for every Default or Neglect in the Premises a Sum not

ding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion

Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

fl. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer or Sur- Officers making of the Highways, required to make any such Return or Re- klfe Return#.

as aforesaid, shall conceal any Matter or Matters directed to

quired into by the said Schedules, or either of them, or shall

ingly or wilfully make a false or imperfect Return, every such

eer or Surveyor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum Penalty.

: ty Pounds, tbjjg recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint ormtion in spf of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West*

in case the (jjfejce shall be committed in England; in the ies Patois of Leasier, Chester and Durham, in case the e fhtflWcdtotwni thbfe Counties, or either of them respectively;

Rewards to Officers.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

or in the Great Sessions of the Principality of Wales, in case the Offence shall be committed in Wales.

VIII. And be it farther enabled, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the several Persons employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following, and no more; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, for every Return which shall be made in respect of every Parish, Township and Place, the Sum of Two Shillings; to the High Constable or other proper Officer, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence; to the Overseers of the Poor, Governors or other Officers of Houses of Industry or Workhouses, and to the Surveyors of the Highways, for the like, a Sum not less than Two Shillings and Six pence each, and not exceeding Twenty Shillings each, exclusive of their Travelling Expences, at the Discretion of the Justices who shall approve of the Returns; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace; for the like, the Sum of One Shilling; and that the said Justices of the Peace, at their respective Epiphany Quarter Session in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall, and they are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, PrecinCb, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities and Towns Corporate.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, unless otherwise directed by this Act, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deduded; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then

Imprisonment it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for aTerm not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeitures and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid and applied One Moiety to the Informer and the other Moiety to the said respective Treasurers, in aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such County Rates or other Rates.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace aforesaid, before whom any Return shall be made in pursuance of this Act by any Overseer of the Poor or Surveyor of the Highways, shall and he is hereby empowered and required to administer to such Overseer or Surveyor of the Highways the following Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, Affirmations,) videlicet.

Forms of Oath*.VOU swear for, affirm], That the Return made by you, contains, to the best of your Knowledge and Bdief*Agfwer to the -

Who deemed competent

Witness.

Parties {Worn.

tog.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

c. 47.

16s

iici

; Jnb

tom

{iff

on*

oSr-

k

ft

Ik

\k

tt

4 VOU shall true Answer make to all such Questions as shall be

demanded of yqu, touching these your Returns relative to the Poor [or, to the Highways, as the case may be, 3 of the Parish

[cr, Township] of as far as the same is within your Knowledge. So help you GOD.*

Which Oaths shall be taken by the Overseers or by the Surveyor of the Highways on the Holy Evangelists, in the usual manner of administering Oaths.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per- Perjury, fons shall wilfully and corruptly make a false Oath touching any of the Matters contained in this Act, every such Person or Persons offending, and being duly con vided thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XII. And be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of Schedules trans-printed Copies cf this Act, and also of the Schedules (A.) and (Bi) milted by King's hereunto annexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing Prmter*

of this Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions,

Precincts, Sokes, Franchises and Liberties in England and Wales; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace shall and they are hereby required, at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to cause the said A<d to be distributed among all and every the acting Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits, and also a sufficient Number of the Schedules to this Act annexed, to be delivered to the High Con {tables or other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from such Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits; and which said Clerks of the Peace shall also cause a sufficient Number of such Copies of this Copies delivered.Ad, and Schedules respectively, to be delivered to the Town Clerks to Town Clerks, or other proper Officers of every City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, in which Quarter Sessions of the Peace are usually holden, situate in the County, Riding or Division, for which the said Clerks of the Peace shall respectively ad, to be by the said Town Clerks respectively distributed in like manner among the acting Justices of the Peace in every such City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, and among the proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from such Justices of such City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place; and the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively shall Town Clerks to also receive the Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions herein receive Returns, given, and transmit the same, with a List thereof (and also another Lift therewith, of Parishes or Places.not having made due Returns) to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, within Thirty Days after the respective Midsummer Quarter Sessions, in order that an Abstract of the same may be made and presented to both Houses of Parliament, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect and Default, Penalty a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Eive Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

XIII. And Whereas it is expedient, for the Purposes of this 4 Ad, that Information should be obtained of the Proportion which the Sum levied tqfe&he Poor's Rate, and any other Rate or Rates,

J'bears to the aduat Rents an^ Profits upon which such Rates are Imppfed iiadieykdishy a Comparison of the said Poor'9 Rates with

JT M3 4 the

>.v

166

C. 47.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Schedule of Property Duty transmitted to Secretary of State.

46 G. 3. c. 65.the Assessments made under an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of

April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates ' and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades ' and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions,

Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for colie Sing the said Duties; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby directed upon the Application of any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, communicating to them a List of any Parishes, Townships or Places which maintain their own Poor separately and distinctly, to enquire into and ascertain the Total Amount of the Sums assessed to the Property Tax in and for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, under Schedule (A.) of the said last mentioned Act, on each such Parish, Township or Place; and also the Total Amount of the Estimates of the Annual Value of the Property on Profits upon which the said Assessments were made, and to make out an Account of the same under proper Heads, and transmit the same to the said Principal Secretary of State, for Insertion in the before mentioned Abstract.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

QUESTIONS, to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for pro-" curing Returns relative to the Expence and Mainte- nance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways, " Written Answers are to be returned by the Overseer of every Parish, Township or Place, in which Rates are separately and distinctly made for the Relief of the Poor; for which Purpose the Overseer is to attend the Justices of the Peace within their respecti ve Jurisdictions, on Pain of incurring the Penalties hn-posed by the said Act for every wilful Default or Neglect.

1. WHAT is the Name and Description of your Parish or Place ? and to the Repair of what Parish Church do the Inhabitants contribute out of the Rates

In answer to this Question, you are required to specify the Name of the Place, spelled in the most usual manner, and also whether it be a Parish, or Part of any Parish; and in the latter case, specifying whether it be usually called a Tithing, Township, or by what other Name.

2. What was the total Amount of Money raised within the several Yean ending Easter One thousand

- teea, Easter One thousand 1 -': i ifcTwtttyfifth DayofM*

1. 1 % A.D. 181j. 55 GEO. III. C47.

life

TflBJ

W

fa,

fa

Irak

fa

liii

fa

5.s

M

tint

isj

n

m

'a>

iii

B&

tit

Vv

4

al

k

3. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those Years respectively, for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor

4. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those Years

respectively, in Suits of Law, Removal of Paupers and Expences of Overseers or other officers employed therein

5. What was the total Amount of Money expended on Militia

Charges, distinguishing Expenditure for the Maintenance of the Wives and Children of any Militia Men, from any other Militia Charges

6. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those

Years respectively, for all other Purposes except those expressed in the Two last Questions, including herein any Church Rate, County Rate, Highway Rate, &c. &c. f

7. What was the total Amount of Money expended in those

Years respectively

In answer to this Question, you are required to take care that the Amount be the Total of the Four Columns marked 3, 4, 5 and 6; or to explain on the Schedule why it does not agree therewith.

8. What was the Number of Persons relieved from the Poor's

Rate permanently, throughout the several Years; distinguishing Persons so relieved out of any House of Industry or Workhouse, and Persons so relieved in the House, but not including any Children whose Parents have been permanently relieved out of the House

If no House of Industry or Workhouse, write the Words, No Workhouse/ in the proper Column; if there be a House of Industry or Workhouse in which any Poor of your Parish or Place are maintained, inform the Governor or proper Officer thereof, that he is required, under Pain of the Penalties of this Act, to enable you to fill up and complete the proper Column.

9.What was the Number of Parishioners relieved occasionally in the several Years respectively

10. What is the Number of Members in Friendly Societies,

which hold their usual Meetings in your Parish or Place, including Members not belonging to your Parish or Place, as well as those belonging to it

11. What is the Average Annual Amount or Produce of Charitable Donations (whether arising from Land or Money) which have been given by Deed or Will for the Benefit of poor Persons within your Parish, Township or Place, and which are managed or distributed by the Minister, Churchwardens and Overseers, or by any of them; distinguishing such Donations as are applicable to the Maintenance of Parish Schools

12. Is there any Hospital, Almshouse, School or other permanent

Charitable Foundation within your Parish, Township or Place, which is not under the Management and Controul of the Minister, Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them

13. In case it should be requisite to ask any Explanation of your

Answer to any of the above Questions, in what manner should a Letter of Inquiry be directed to you from the Secretary of State's Office i

14. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of yovur Answera to any of the preceding Qoeftuns

i6j

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

168 C. 47.

Answers.

1. NAME of PLACE; and whether usually styled Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet,

To ad Question. To 3d Question. To 4th Question. To 5th Question. To 6th Question.

For what Year. I Money RAISED by the Poor s Rate, or other Rate or Rates. Money EXPENDED for the Maintenance of the Poor. Expenditure in Suits of Law j Removals, Journeys, and Expences of Overseers and other Officers. EXPENDITURE for Militia Purposes. Expenditure for other Purposes: Church Rate, County Rate, Highway Rate, ice.

Maintenance of the Families of Militia Men. All other Militia Charges.

To Easter 1813. . t. d. . s. d. . t. d.  d. . s. d. . s. d.

To Easter 1814.

To 25th March 1815.

Answer to lath Question.

Answer to

I, A.B. Governor [or, Manager] of the House of Industry [or, Workhouse] of the of in the County of

Do hereby certify, That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions relative to the Number of persons relieved in the said Workhouse.

(Signed)

4.

Swidby

A.D. 18i;

SS# GEO. III. C. 47. 169

of the like. Towards the Repair of what Parish Church the Inhabitants contribute from the Rates.

T To 7th Question. To 8th Question. To 9th Question. To 10th Question. To 11th Question.

bser TOTAL EX-hp PENDITURE Irik of the lark Parish or Place't Number of Persons Relieved from the Poor's Etate Permanently, not including the Children of such Persons: Number of Persons Relieved Occasionally, whether in or out of the Workhouse, being Parishioners. Total Number of MEMBERS in Friendly Societies, whether Parishioners or not. Annual Amount of Charitable Donations.

For Parish Schools. Other Purposes.

Out of any Workhouse. In any Workhouse.

i.n . d. . s. d. . s. d.

if

13th Question.

Answer to 14th Question.

1, C.D. Overseer of the Poor for the of in the County of Do swear [or, affirm] That the above Return contains,

t. to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions t- contained in Schedule (A.) of an Act, intituled An Act for procuring Returns re-u lative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England 5 and also relative M to the Highways."

(Signed) Overseer.

Sworn [or, affirmed] before us, Justices of the Peace in and for the of this Day of

t (Signed)

170

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

C. 47.

SCHEDULE (B.)

QUESTIONS, to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for procuring Returns relative to the " Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways/' Written Answers are to be returned by the Surveyor of the Highways of every Parish, Township or District in England and Wales; for which Purpose the said Surveyor of the Highways is to attend the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, on Pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act, for every wilful Default or Neglect.

1. WHAT is the estimated Extent of Public Highways or

Road8 used for Wheel Carriages, within your Panlh or District, computing the aggregate Length of such Highways in Statute Miles of One thousand seven hundred and sixty Yards to a Mile; distinguishing Paved Streets and Turnpikes (if any) from all other such Highways or Roads

2. What was the estimated Value of Labour performed in Kind, for repairing the Highways, within your Parish or District, in each of the Years ending in October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and One thousand eight hundred and fourteen

3. What was the Amount of Money paid as a Composition for Labour on the Highways, during those Years respectively

4. What was the Amount of Rates (if any) levied for the Repair of the Highways, in those Years respectively

5. What was the Amount of Money expended in Law and other Expences relative to the Highways, exclusive of Repairs occasioned by Presentments, in those Years respectively

6. What was the Total Value of Labour and Amount of Money expended in those Years respectively?

In answer to this Question, you are to take care that the Amount be the Total of the Four Columns marked 2, 3, and 5; or to explain on the Schedule why it does not agree therewith.

7. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark, m Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions

o

o

cfc

rv>

s a. f* i<-

A

NAMES and DESCRIPTION of distric r, and whether usually styled Parish, Township, Tithing, I-Iamlct, 01 the like; and if not a Parish, in what Parish. YEARS ending in October. To Question 1. To Question 2. To Question 3- To Question 4- To Question 5* To Question 6.

Length of the Public Highway* used for Wheel Carriage*. Estimated VAl UJi of LABOUR pei formed in Kind. Amount of COMPOSITION MONEY paid for Labour. Amount of R ATES levied. Amount of MONEY expend* d in LAW and uther x; -ence5 occ.honed by Presentment- TO PAL EXPENDITURE in Labour and Money in thete Years relpethvely

Paved Streets or Turnpikes. All other Highways.

1812 - . S. d. . S. d. . s. d.  /. d . s. d.

1813 -

1814 -

REMARKS in answer to Question 7.

b

a

o

5

A* B. Surveyor of the Highways for the of in the County of P

Do (wear [or, affirm] That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to^the Questions contained in Schedule (B.) of an Act, intituled An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence " and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways."

(Signed) Surveyor of the Highways.

Sworn [or, affirmed] before us, C.D. E. F. Justices of the Peace in and for the of this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and (Signed) CD

E. fI -5

172

A.D. 1815.

13 G-3-

1.

aa G. 3. c. 64.

ia.

Quarter Sessions may encrease Salaries of Clergymen officiating in Gaok.

i

C. 48'

55 GEO. III.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the Quarter Sessions held for any County, Riding or Division, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Principality of Wales, are authorized and empowered to settle and ascertain how many Clergymen should by them be deemed necessary to be employed in performing Religious Duties, according to the Rites of the Church of England, in the several Gaols within their respective Jurisdictions, and to settle and ascertain what Duty should be performed, and what Salary should be paid to every such Clergyman, not exceeding Fifty Pounds yearly and every Year: And Whereas by the Appointment of Clergymen to officiate under the Provisions of the said Act, the beneficial Purposes before mentioned have been carried into Execution in many Counties within England and Wales: And Whereas, on account of the unremitting Attention which such Clergymen are required to give in the Discharge of their Duty, it is expedient that the Salaries allowed by the Justices should be increased: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction, it is enacted, that the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions may, if they think fit, appoint a Minister of the Church of England, residing in or near the Place where every such House of Correction shall be situate, to perform Divine Service there every Sunday: And Whereas it is expedient for the Reformation and Amendment of Persons who may be confined in such Houses of Correction, that greater and more frequent Attention should be paid to their Moral and Religious Instruction than is provided for by the said Aft May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it eDa&ed by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the Quarter Sessions to be holden for any County, Riding or Division, within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and the Principality of Wales, and at the Annual General Session in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to increase the Salaries granted by the said first recited Act, to be <paid to thd Clergymen therein mentioned, vto any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, yearly aiMLevgj Year, under the Regulation* and Provisions contakeor^r i recited Act*;

*73

life.

pnfe

this.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 48, 49.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Provisions of Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of His x3

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for providing Clergymen H^feso^'Cor-to officiate in Gaols within that Part of Great Britain called England, reaion.

[Proviso.]

shall be applicable to Houses of Correction, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been specifically named therein: Provided always nevertheless, that no Salary to be assigned to any Clergyman for officiating in any such House of Correction shall exceed Fifty

Pounds a Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clergymen to Clergyman who shall be employed with a Salary under this Act, keeP Jurn*b or either of the Acts above recited, in order to entitle himself to

receive the same, shall keep a Journal in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, in the Gaol or House of Correction in which he shall be so employed, in which Journal he shall enter the times of his Attendance at such Gaol or House of Correction on the Performance of his Duty, with any Observations which may occur to him in the Execution thereof; and such Journal shall regularly be laid before the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction over the said Gaol or House of Correction, for their Inspection at every Quarter Sessions at which such Justices shall be assembled, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the said Sessions, in Proof of the same having been there produced.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, Offices of

or the major Part of them, so assembled at their General Quarter ^ler.^en to

Sessions, may, if they should fee fit, unite the Offices of Clergymen c*

to Gaols and Houses of Correction, by appointing one Clergyman

[Proviso.]

to the Performance of the Religious Duties of both: Provided always, that the Amount to be paid out of the County Rates or

other Public Money shall not in such case exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and Clergymen to after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hun- kavc n-^fnce f dred and fifteen, no Clergyman, who shall be appointed to officiate Diocese. P  in any Gaol or House of Correction under the Authority of the said Acts or of this Act, shall so officiate until he shall nave obtained a Licence for that Purpose from the Bishop of the Diocese wherein such Gaol or House of Correction shall be situate, and during so long time only as such Licence shall remain in force; and when any Clergyman shall be so appointed, the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, wherein any such Appointment shall be made, shall, within One Month after such Appointment shall have been made, transrait a Copy thereof to the Bishop of such Diocese.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to procure Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regular Returns should be made of the Commitments of Persons charged with Criminal Offences, and the subsequent Proceedings thereon Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

t

74

C. 49. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Clerk* to make Returns.

Penalty*

Returns bid before Parliament.

Allowances made to Clerks of Assize, &c.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Clerks of Assizes, Clerks of The Crown, Clerks of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, Clerks of the Peace, and Town Clerks, within England and Wales, shall, within the First Fourteen Days of the Month of January in every Year, return to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, the Number of Persons, Male and Female, committed to the several Gaols in England and Wales for Trial, and tried or discharged at such Assizes and Great and other Sessions, at which they respectively aft as such Clerks as aforesaid, which shall have been holden within the preceding Year; distinguishing particularly the Crimes with which all such Persons were severally charged upon their Commitment, the Crimes of which such of them as were indicted were respectively indicted, and the Crimes of which such of them as were convicted were severally convicted; and distinguishing under each Head of Offence, the Numbers convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found a gain ft; them, and discharged by reason of no Prosecution, and the Sentences of such as were convicted; and also stating under each Head of Offence, the Numbers of those capitally convicted who have been executed; and all such Returns shall be made out and returned according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in iiich Form and Manner, and with any such additional Particulars, as shall from time to time be ordered and required by the Secretary of State in that behalf; and every Clerk of Assize or other Clerk as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make any such Return, in the Manner and Form prescribed, mall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information or Action, at the Suit of His Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department shall, between the Twenty fourth Day of January and the Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, if Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period; or if Parliament shall not be fitting during any Part of such Period, within Fourteen Days after Parliament shall meet after the said Twenty fourth Day of February in each Year, cause such Returns to be laid before Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of Assizes and

other Justices assembled at their respective Assizes and Great and other Sessions, shall settle and ascertain the Allowances to be paid to the Clerks of Assize and other Clerks as aforesaid, acting at their respective Assizes or Sessions, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in making such Returns, and also in making such Returns as have been heretofore made in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons; and all such Allowances shall be paid out of the County Rates of the several Counties, Ridings or Divisions, Cities or Places, in relation to which such Returns respectively apply; and the respective Justices of Assizes and other Justices aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to make an Order on the Treasurer of the Add Counties, Ridings or Dirifions, Cities or Places, for the Pay-Ognt thereof.

't

o.

c. 1

- SitEE?*!. i?

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

[Name of the Circuit or Place from whence the Return is made. J

A RETURN of the Number of Persons committed to the different Gaols in the several Counties within the

Circuit [or, the Gaol of or, the Gaol within, as the case may lej, for Trial at the Assizes [or.

Great Session, Session of Oyer and Terminer, Quarter or General Session of the Peace, holden for, as the

case may beJ in the Year 18; distinguishing particularly the Crimes with which they were severally charged upon

their Commitment; the Crimes of which such of them as were indicted were severally indited; and the Crimes of which such of them as were convicted, were severally convicted; and di(linguifiling under each Head of Offence the Numbers convicted, acquitted, discharged by reason of no Bill being found against them, and discharged by reason of no Prosecution; and the Sentences of such as were convicted; and the Numbers of those capitally convicted, who have been executed.

I Crimes with which they I were severally charged upon their Commitment. Crimes of which they were indicted. Crimes of which such of them as were convicted, were severally convicted. Acquitted by Verdict of Jury. Discharged by reason of no Bill being found. Discharged by reason of no Prosecution. TotalNum-ber of Persons committed.

Total Number of Persons committed $ Number of Persons f indicted j Not indicted - - Total - Number of Persons? convicted  Acquitted by Verdict? of Jury 5 No bill found against No Prosecution of - - - - Total

A.D. 181;. 55 GEO. III. c. 49.

SCHEDULE  continued.

Q\

o

o

(g.

?T

Crimes and Sentences of Prisoners convicted.

F rf I r If rotal Number of Persons convicted. SENTENCES. Number of Persons capitally convicted who have been executed.

- Death. Transportation. Imprisonment. Whipping. Fine. Other Judgment. Judgment respited.

14 Years. 7 Years. Years. I Year. 6 Months and under.

'i thr i i 1

fe_'-TW( rip -

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 50. 177

CAP. L.

An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees, connected with the Gaols in England.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the better Government of Gaols and Bridewells in England, that all Fees and Gratuities payable at the same, for the Entrance, Commitment or

Discharge of any Prisoner, should be abolished Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of 0Bober Fees or Gratui-next, all Fees and Gratuities paid or payable by any Prisoner, on at

the Entrance, Commitment or Discharge, to or from Prison, shall bridewells absolutely cease, and the same are hereby abolished and determined. abolished.

[&e as to The King's Bench, &c. $14.]

II. And Whereas in some Places such Fees and Gratuities as

aforesaid are ible to the Gaoler or his Servants, and are to him

or them as a ry; Be it enacted, That it may be lawful for Quarter Sessiona the Justices of the Peace for any County, City or Town, assembled to make Allow-in General or Quarter Sessions, to make such Allowances to the ances to Gaolers, aforesaid Gaoler or Servants, as may to them seem fit, in the Way &c*

of Salary or Compensation, for the Fees or Gratuities, payable by Prisoners, now abolished by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace for Allowances paid any County, City or Town, may direct the said Allowances to be out of Ounty paid out of any County Rate, City Rate or Town Rate, now by Rates&c-Law authorized to be made and levied.

IV. And Whereas it is customary for Clerks of the Assize, Clerks

of the Peace, Clerks of the Court or their Deputies, or other Officers in the Courts of Assize or Session, to demand and take

from Persons indicted, divers Sums in the Way of Fees Be it enacted, That every Prisoner who now is or hereafter shall be charged Prisoners with or indicted for any Felony, or as an Accessary thereto, or withh*r5ed wl* or for any Misdemeanor, before any Court holding Criminal Juris- demeanor and* didion within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain acquitted, dif-and Ireland called England, against. whom no Bill of Indictment shall charged without be found by the Grand Jury, or who, on his, her or their Trial Payment of shall be acquitted or who shall be discharged by Proclamation for Fee, &c* want of Prosecution, shall be immediately let at large, without Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money, for or in relped of his, her

or their Discharge, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; except only in such Cases wherein the Prisoner shall have been charged, and shall then stand charged with any Process authorizing the Detention of such Prisoner: Provided always, that if it shall happen that any Prisoner who shall so stand charged with any Process authorizing his Detention as aforesaid, shall nave been discharged in supposed Obedience to this Act, by reason that the Sheriff or other Officer entided to have detained him was at the time of such his Discharge ignorant that there was any such Charge against him, it shall in such case be lawful for such Sheriff or other Officer, on receiving Information of such Charge, presently to retake the Prisoner so discharged

as aforesaid, and thereupon forthwith to 5$.Qbo.III. N

detain him in Custody upon

C. 50.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Fees usually paid to Clerks

County Treasurers to pay Allowances for Places not usually assessed tb Couaty at large.

such Charge, in such manner as the said Sheriff or other Officer might have done if such Prisoner had not been set at large; and that upon his being so retaken the said Prisoner shall be deemed for the Purpose of that Suit to have been in Custody continually from the time when he so first flood charged as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such

Fees as have been usually paid or payable to the several Clerks of

to abolished. 1* Assize and Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Court, or their Deputies, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall absolutely cease, and the same are hereby abolished and determined; and, from and after the passing of this Act* no Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the Court, or their Deputies, shall ask, demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, from any of the said Prisoner8 as Fees, for or in respect of his, her or their Discharge.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and Satisfaction of such lawful Fees so abolished as aforesaid, the Treasurers or other proper Officers of the several Counties in England, or of such Districts, Hundreds, Ridings or Divisions of a County as are not usually assessed to the County at large, and of such Cities, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises and Places, as do not pay to the Rates of the several Counties in which they arc respectively situated, shall, on receiving a Certificate signed by One or more Judge or Justice of the Peace, before whom such Prisoner shall have been discharged as aforesaid, (which Certificate the Judge or Justice is hereby required to give), pay out of the Rates of such County, or of such District, Hundred, Riding or Division, or out of the Public Stock of such City, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, Liberty, Franchise or Place, such lawful Sum as has been usually paid upon that Occasion, for every Prisoner discharged as aforesaid, to such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Court, or their respective Deputies; which several Sums so paid in pursuance of this Act shall be respectively allowed to the said Treasurer and Officers, by the Justices before whom their Accounts shall be pa fled.

VII. And be it enacted, That each and every Clerk of the Peace, o* Ms or their Deputy or Deputies, and all and every Officer who Clerks oi Puce. shall claim any Fees or Indemnification for the same, by virtue of any of the Provisions hereinbefore contained, for and in respect of any such Prisoners, ftiaH deliver at each and every Session of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, an Account of all Fees so due to him, or for which he shall claim any Indemnification; which Account shall be verified upon Oath in Court, before the Chairman of such Sessions.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of Assize stall, at each and every Assize to be hoklen, deliver in to the Judge of the Assize who shall fit for the Trial of such Prisoners, an Accoftu of such Fees as shall be due to him, fat aftdhjTfcfpe&of such Ft which Account shall be verified upon Oaffi before such 3 whom such Account shall be delivered.

Officers exact- I&. And be keaacted, Tha*, ffCrt^' hhd after \ ins Fees. Otork

Indemnify ation for Fees to

Clerks of Assize to deliver &c. count of Fees.

179

A.D. 1815. 55" GEO. III. C. 50.

ttOfc; dts dh a irai

X. And Whereas it hath been customary in some Places for the Sheriff or Under Sheriff to demand for the Liberate granted to any Debtor on his Discharge, a Fee or Gratuity; Be it enacted, That Liberates to such Liberate shall be granted to such Debtor free of all E*pences; Debtors granted and that it shall be in the Power of the Justices of the Peace for each comwnfauou*' County City or Town, assembled in Quarter SefCon, subject however ma(je to sheriff to the Approbation of the Judges of Assize, to make such Compen- for same, fation to the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, out of the County, City or Town Rate, as shall to them seem fit.

XI. And Whereas there are several Cities, Towns Corporate and Places within this Kingdom, which do not contribute to the Payment of any County Rate, and have no Town Rate or Public 1 Stock; and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places can be legally rated and assessed towards the

Payment of the Salaries, Allowances and Compensations in lieu of such Fees and Gratuities; Be it enacted, That in all such cases How Allowance* the Salaries, Allowances and Compensations, in lieu of Fees and raised for Places Gratuities hereinbefore directed to be made, shall be raised, levied, whchdonot cohered and paid, within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, County Rates, by a separate Rate and Assessment to be made by the Churchwardens y and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Precincts within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, and by such and the like Ways, Methods aijd Means, as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, are, can or may be raised, levied and collected, in such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places.

XII. And Whereas it may happen that the Sums of Money to be raised in the said Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, or some or one of them, to answer and pay such Salaries, Allowances and

Compensations hereinbefore directed to be made in lieu of Fees and Gratuities by this Act atbolished may be so small, that it may not

be convenient to make an equal separate Rate and Assessment for the same, upon the said Parishes and Precincts within such Cities,

Towns Corporate and Places; Be it enacted, That in such last Allowances in mentioned case, and when and as often as the same shall happen, the certain Place* Salaries, Allowances and Compensations shall and may, by Order of Pald of the said Judge or Judges, or Justices in Sessions assembled as a fore said, r a tfil* be paid out of the Monies from time to time raised for the Relief of the Poor in the said several Cities, Towns Corporate and Places; and the Treasurers or persons from time to time having the Management of the said Monies raised for the Relief of the Poor in the same Cities,

Towns Corporate and Places, respectively are hereby authorized and required to pay the said Sums of Money so ordered to be paid by the said Judge or Judges, or Justices, of the said last mentioned Monks, when and as often as the same shall be so ordered: Provided Proviso, always, that the Order for such Allowances as may be made by the Justices of the Peace assembled in General or Quarter Sessions, be approved by the Judge or Judges of Assize on the First Circuit ensuing after fib Warrant shall have been made out by the justices of Peace assesslbkft in General or Quarter Session for any County, City or Town, and that such Order shall not be deemed or taken as

t % tl Order wfthdl^ such Warrant from the Judge or Judges of A*?* Provided ajtakfc that fhoirtd there be more Parishes than proviso.

' Ohdfa theffagie Bifttfflfc the Payments are to be made and levied'in ^RT(^otx, asespective Parishes pay to the

N a XIII, And

i8o

c. 50, 51.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Gaolers exact-

XIII. And be it enacted, That any Gaoler, who shall, from and from0?!#66*C' a^ter t^ie -^a5r 0Sober next, exact from any Prisoner any Fee

or Gratuity for or 011 Account of the Entrance, Commitment or Discharge of such Prisoner, or who shall detain any Prisoner in Custody for Nonpayment of any Fee or Gratuity, shall be rendered incapable

Misdemeanor. of holding his Office, be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

Not to exrend to

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this King's Bench, Act contained shall be construed to extend to the King's Bench

Prison, His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, the Marshalsea and Palace Courts.

Act akered, 5cc.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, within this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LI.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force, are found ineffectual for the Correction of the Disproportions which now exist, or which may from time to time take place, in the Assessments of*County Rates; Be it hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

General or the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace remake fair and several Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England,

equal County assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjourn-Rate, whenever ment or Adjournments thereof, and they are hereby authorized and Circumstances empowered, whenever Circumstances shall appear to require it, to appear to require or(Jer and direct a fair and equal County Rate to be made, for all

the Purposes to which the County Stock or Rate is now or shall hereafter be made liable by Law, according to the Directions herein after mentioned; and for that Purpose, to assess and tax every Parish, Township and other Place, whether Parochial or Extra-parochial, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, rateably and equally, according to a certain Pound Rate (to be from time to time fixed and publicly declared by such Justices) of the full and fair Annual Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, rateable to the Relief of the Poor therein; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Jurisdiction to the Justices of the Peace of the said several Counties, over any Places situate within the LimitSsof any Liberties or Franchises having a separate Jurisdiction, which before thepa&ggof this Act were subject to Rates in the nature of County Ratesjflbafed

CAP. LI.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

1&1

have been created by or derived from Grant, Charter or any special Voaai Local Act of Parliament; nor to compel any such Liberty or Francis chife, paying to some One or more of the Rates specified in the Preset a amble of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late 11 G. a. c. 29.

(M Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy

jcapir ajfejfng, colliding and levying County Rates, to pay to any other

ni Kate therein mentioned, to which such Liberty or Franchise was

not liable to contribute before the passing of the said Act 5 nor to ath repeal or alter the Provisions of any Acts now in force which shall

jB<ri have fixed the Times and Places of holding any General or Annual

IPer General Sessions or Adjournment thereof, for the assessing the Rates

of any County, or for the raising, levying or collecting the same, but sfli that such Provisions so fixing the Time or Place of holding such Pss General or Annual General Sessions or Adjournment thereof, and of then and there exclusively transacting the Matters therein mentioned respecting the County Rates, shall be and remain in full Force; and that all the Matters and Things which in and by this Act are authorized to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment at or Adjournments thereof,

Sail be done and performed exclusively at such General or Annual' General Sessions or at some Adjournment thereof, and at no other

& Time or Place than such as shall have been fixed by any such Act.

II. And, for the better enabling the said Justices to make such 3' fair and equal County Rates, be it hereby further enacted, That it Justices to re-

shall be lawful for them, at any General or General Quarter Sessions quire Church-

I. of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof (to and

beholden after the passing of this Act) and as often as they shall makeRe"ms of 1* deem it expedient, and they are hereby authorized and empowered Annual Value of

h to issue Precepts, signed by their Chairman, or by the Clerk of the Rateable Pro.

k Peace under the Authority of the said Court, to the High Constables, perty* r Petty Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Assessors

and Collectors of Public Rates and Taxes of or for the several and

respective Pariftes, Townships and Places, whether Parochial or '! otherwise, within their Jurisdiction, or to such and so many of them

as to the said Justices shall seem expedient, requiring the said Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, Assessors and Collectors respectively, to make Returns in Writing to the Justices of their respective Divisions in Petty Sessions assembled (which Returns shall be verified on Oath, at the time of Delivery, before any Two or more such Justices), of the Total Amount of the full and fair Annual Value of the several Estates and rateable Property within the Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, to which they respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poor's Rate at the time of making such Return, or liable so to be, or charged or assessed on any other Rate or Assessment, whether Parochial or Public, without regard nevertheless to the afttial Amounts or Sums assessed on the Property therein, save and except in such Parishes, Townships or Places only, where such Property is assessed to the full and fair estimated annual productive Value.

III. And be itTurther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices aft ing Justices so assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, for Dlvirio"s and they are herftjjr authorized and empowered from time to time, ^JI^Returtu. whenever they fhaftdeem it expedient for the Purposes of this Act, dfcttomkean OrddhjrOrders for the Justices of the Peace, within

1-' '

N3

the

1

Churchwardens and Overseers not making Return*.

[Penalty.]

Justices in Petty Sessions asse in-bled, empowered to issue Precepts to Officers, requiring them to make Returns in Writing*

[Penalty.]

Parities assessed, although no Return made.

C. 51. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

the Limits of their Commissions, to meet from tiitife to time within the several Divisions in and for which they respectively aft, and to fix therein the time of such First Meeting; and the said Justices in their respective Divisions shall have Power to adjourn from time to time, until the Purposes of this Act shall be completed j and any Two or more such Justices, assembled at any such Meeting, shall receive the Returns of the said Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers, A fie {Tori and Collectors, causing the same to be verified 3s before difefted* and them and every or any of them to examine on Oath touching any Matters and Things contained in such Returns, Us in the Judg* ment of the said Justices may appear necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to report their Proceedings to the said Justices assembled at the next or any subsequent General or Quarter Sessions, as they shall have ordered and directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Affeflov dr Collectdr afore fetid* shall neglect or make Default in making any such Return in manner aforesaid* to the Precepts which shall be issued by or under the Authority of the said Justices; then and in every such case each and every such Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Assessor or Collector so tie* glefting and making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices in their laid General or Quarter Seffidns), shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money* not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by such Justices {o assembled as aforfesaid, to be levied on the Godds and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting 6t making Default.

V., And bfe it further enacted, That in case of Default by oet making due Return of any Matter or Thing required by the Precept of the Justices iri General or General Quarter Session assembled, as before directed, it shall be lawful for the justices in their respective Divisions in Petty Seffioas assembled* or any TwO or more of them, to issue their Precepts to any Officer or Officers before described* who shall have made such Default, to make their Returns in Writing, as before required* to them, on a Day add at a Place therein to be named, and so from time to time as often as shall be necessary; and in case any Officer before describfed shall neglect or make Default in making any such Return to the Precepts which shall be issued by any Two or more Justices acting for the Division wherein such Default shall be made, then and in every such case each and every such Officer before described, so neglecting and making Default as aforesaid, without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices acting for such Division, shall forfeit and pay any Sirtn Hot exceeding Twenty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered and adjudged by such last mentioned Justices* to be levied oft the Goods and Chattels of the Officers so neglecting or making Default.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or

Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, Assessor or Affefiors, or Collector or Collectors, shall neglect or make Default in mafcrng such Return or Returns as aforesaid, or if it shall happen that Wot* withstanding the incurring of any such Penaltyor Penalties at aforesaid*. for or on account of such Neglect or Default*Retor* far any Parish, Township or Place, Whether jParodM wrrolbsowffiv fiu& et-be tbade trifems the time teitaLfor liHfiftr

>83

ItlH A.D. 1815. js" GEO. III. C. 51J

then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the same County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some Petty Sessioni, or Adjournment or Adjournments thereof respectively, as the case may be, to ascert&in the annual Value of the Property changeable to the County Rate, within or for each and every the Parish, Township and Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, of which the Constable or Constables, Churchwarden or Churchwardens*

Overseer or Overseers, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, by iffmng fresh Precepts, or by such other means as may appear to the said Justices the most convenient and proper towards the obtaining a just and fair Estimate of such annual Value; and the said Justices of the Peace of the County in General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, assembled, acting on their own Discretion, or on the Report of any Two or more Justices acting in and for any Division of such County, as the case may be, mall order such Allowance or Compensation to be made to the Persons employed in ascertaining the said annual Value and in making such Returns as aforesaid, as to the said Justices so assembled shall appear reasonable; and all such Allowances and Compensations, jmd other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the said Justices so assembled charged upon the Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid, in addition to the Proportion of the said County Rate to be paid by such Parish,

Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise; and such Allowances, Compensations and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied and collected by such and the like ways and means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied and colie&ed, and shall be paid therewith, due Distinction being made in the case of every such additional Assessment between the Sum or Sums charged for and on account of any such Expences and the Sum or Sums assessed as and for the County Rate.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enacted, That in pari^ej all Cases and Places as aforesaid, where there are no Churchwardens where no Over-or Overseers of the Poor, or where no Rate is made and collected seers or Church-for the Relief of the Poor, or where the Justices of the Peace of warJens> or any County or of any Division thereof, assembled as aforesaid, for R^e^w^ere* the Purpose of receiving such Returns as aforesaid of the Annual m-

Value of the Property chargeable to the County Rate, shall be of fuftniem. Opinion that the Returns made to them do not afford a full, fair and just Account of the Annual Value of the Property rateable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace so assembled, to summon before them any one or more substantial Inhabitant of such Places respectively, or any other Person or Persons whom they the said Justices may think proper to give Evidence as to the fair Annual.Value of such rateable Property; and then and these to examine fachdnhabitant or Inhabitants and other Person or Persons respectively<8d0ath (which Oath any One or more of the ttdlnftfoft j$ andwtt-hereby authorized to udmmifter) as to the Aaoual Value of such Property.

x84

Where no Poor's Rate or Overseer, Justices to appoint.

Justices empowered to call for Parliamentary and Parochial Asse Ament*, &c.

RefuGng to attend Justicei, lie.

C. 51.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18tff.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in such Place or Places where there is no Poor's Rate, or Overseer of the Poor or Churchwarden, or other Officer, necessary for the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, residing within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace of the County requiring such Returns, and in which there is any Property liable to the Poor's Rate, but not rated or assessed thereto, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace of the County, assembled as aforesaid, or for the Justices of the Peace resident in and acting for any Division of the County in which such Place or Places are situate, at any Petty Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to be holden by them within such Division as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more proper Person or Persons to act as Overseer or Over-seers, or other such Officer as aforesaid, who is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to act within such Place or Places respectively, for effecting the Purposes of this Act; and such Person or Persons respectively shall have the like Powers vested in him or them, and shall be subject to the same Regulations and Penalties for effecting all such Purposes, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been appointed Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or other Officer or Officers, under any Law or Laws now in force,

IX. And, for the better enabling as well the said Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, as the Justices of the several Divisions acting under the Order or Orders of the Justices assembled as aforesaid, respectively, to ascertain the fair Annual Value of all Property liable to be so rated, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, or any Two or more of them, from time to time, whenever the same may be in the Judgment of such Justices necessary for the more correct Execution of this Act, to cause any of the Books of Assessment of any Rate* or Taxes, Parliamentary or Parochial, which have lately been, are now, or shall hereafter be laid on any Part of the Property liable to be assessed towards the Purposes for which a County Rate is applicable, and the Valuation by which such Assessments are or were made, mentioned and described, within anj Parish or Place within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Justices, in the Hands of any Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Affefibr or Collector, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies or Extracts of and from such Books or any Parts thereof, or to order and direct any Person to take such Copies or Extracts from such Books, in the Hands of them or any of them, without having the same brought before the said Justices, or to call before them any such Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Assessor or Collector, to give Evidence Tefpefting the same, as they or he or any of them shall think fit, such CorapSufation being made to the Person or Persons employed for any of She Purposes aforesaid, as the said Justices or any Two or more of them shall think rafoo-able; and if any Person or Persons in whole Custody or Powerany of the said Books may be, shall neglect or refuse to attend thft iaid Justices with such Book or Books, or to permit any such Copies or Extracts^ to be taken as jdbresaid, or to give such lnfonnadtik or Evidtm^e on Oath as may bekTeqoiredby fch Justices^which Oath foebjustices orany Onetoore of thtm^krc and riwEebi

laA -

its

life* A.D. 1815.55 GEO. III. C. 51.

shall so refuse or neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Chcro- nay any Snm not exceeding Ten Pounds; and moreover it shall be Penalty, it lawful for such Justices, in the like cases, from time to time to cause Copies of Assess-

aafl Copies of the Total Amount assessed in each Parish, Township or ments.

nu, oi Place, in respect of any Aids or Taxes payable to His Majesty, his

'jottt Heirs or Successors, and the Total Amount of the Valuation of the

faifa Proporty on which such Assessments were made in any Year then

iflw elapsed, to be made out by the Clerk to the Commissioners of each

tyi2 District within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justices, such Compensation being made to the respective Clerks as the said Justicw, or any Two of them, shall think reasonable; and if any such Clerk !#r shall neglect or refuse to make out such Copies within a reasonable

0* time after his Receipt of the Order of such Justices, every such Clerk

yjr shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty,

s e X. And, for the better enabling the Churchwardens and Overseers

i'& of the Poor, Chief Constables, and other Persons, to make accurate

ids Returns as hereinbefore required, in cases where Doubts are enteric tained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for them, or any Land* may be

tail of them, or for such other Person or Persons as they may select for entered upon to

jfe that Purpose, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Twofceita, n Value.

s or more Justices of the Peace of the County, in General or Quarter

[Proviso.]

Sessions assembled, to enter upon, view and examine all and any Lands Gfr or other Property chargeable to the County Rate, in order to ascertain the annual Value at which the same ought to be charged: Provided always, that no such Entry shall in any case be made, unless ft Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Intention of making such

fit Entry shall have been given under the Hands and Seals of the Justices

1 authorizing the same, to the Churchwardens or Overseers, or to the 5 Person or Persons appointed to act, in Default of such Church-

9 wardens or Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place, whether

5 Parochial or otherwise, and to the Person or Persons whose Lands

1 are to be entered upon for the Purpose of making such Valuation,

j XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices in Justice of

i General or Quarter Sessions assembled shall have ordered any County Pivision to cer-

v Rate to be made, which they are hereby authorized to order from JtcT

1 time to time whenever the same shall be necessary, and the Justices Justices inQuir-

in Petty Sessions shall by any of the aforesaid ways and means have ter Sessions. ascertainedto their own Satisfaction the fair and just annual Value of any or of all the rateable Property within their respective Divisions, and they are hereby required from time to time to certify under their Hands the true Amount thereof, to the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the same County, to the Intent that at such General or Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, the Justices there assembled may from time to time, and as often as they shall deem it necessary, make a fair and equal Rate on all such rateable Property, or correct any Inequalities which upon Appeal shall be shown to their Satisfaction to exist in any Rate now existing or hereafter to be made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for justicet, mho-the Justices of the Peace of any County, or the major Part of them, rizedtoiflue in General or Qcutfter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjourn- Warrant for meats thereof, affittjftbled, as often as they shall have deemed it neces- levying new fary to makea Rttaor Rates, Assessment or Assessmenti on all the toauefual Pnc- v rate- tie*.

Overseers ne -f lefling to pay Rates.

- Dirt refs.

In Places where Poor Rate does not separately "plyt Justices way order Oenaty Rate to bekeritd m

C. 51. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

rateable Property within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, according to the fair annual Value of the same, as derived from any or all of the several Sources of Information which are hereinbefore mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be from time to time issued, in the same manner as now authorized and practised by Law for collecting the County Rates, to the several High Constables, within their respective Counties, ordering and requiring them to issue their Warrants to the respective Overseers of the Poor within their respective Divisions, to levy, collect and ppy to the said High Constables, within a time to be named and limited in the Warrant to be issued from the Sessions as aforesaid, all such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which each High Constable shall and he is hereby directed and required to pay, at such time as shall be specified in such Warrant, to the Treasurer of the County for the time being, to be applied and disposed of in such manner and for such Purposee as the County Stock or Rate is now applicable or may hereafter be made applicable by Law; and in case any Overseer or Overseers. of the Poor, or other Person appointed to act as such under the Provisions of this Act, in any of the several Parishes, Townships or Places, whether Parochial or otherwise, within any County liable to pay the lame, shall neglect, make default or refute to pay the same within the time to be specified and limited for that Purpose as aforesaid, to the High Constable of the Division within which such Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Perfoui so liable and neglecting to pay, shall reside or be appointed to act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders' Goods; and the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township or Place# whether Parochial or otherwise, or other Person or Persons appointed to act as such Overseer or Overseers, shall and may and is and are hereby empowered to levy and raise by an equal Rate or Assessment upon all and every the several Estates and Property rate* able to the Relief of the Poor, within their respective Parises, Town-ships or Places, whether Parochial or otherwise, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required and necessary, in order to raise the several Sums assessed upon such Parishes, Town ships or Places respectively, or to reimburse such Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively have paid on account of the same; such Rate or Assessment to be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the time being of such Estates and rateable Property as aforesaid.

XIII. And Wheneas it would be inconvenient and oppressive g to many Town {hips or Places, that the Sum of Money which may be assessed on them, as or for a County Rate under this Act- should be paid out of any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor,

where such Poor Rate doth not apply separately and distinctlyto

the Parish, Township or Place j* Be it further enacted, That # shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace* at their General or Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, if they shall think convenient, to order the Swn of Money directed to be assessed $s pr for the Comity Rate on any such Perish* Ptap#jlkjK

tier MW

' wavmns#

A.D. 1fri5i 5$ GEO. III. C51. 187

warden!, Overseers dr Petty Constables, of or for any such Parish, where no Poor 'd Township or Place, in such manner as the same is herein directed R-, tc*

a>4 to be paid and levied in cases where no Rate is made for the Relief

iftto of the Poor; any thing herein contained, or any Law, Usage or jnrf Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Church- Appeal,

ai wardet or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or

(n other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place,

d whether Parochial or other wise, where there is no Churchwarden or

a4 Overseer, Or Person appointed to act as such, shall at any time have

ltd reason to think that such Parish, Township or Place, is aggrieved

f>7 any Rate now existing or hereafter to be made, either in pur-id fuance of this Act or of any Act or Acts now in force, whether

: tk it be on account of the Proportions assessed upon the respective

(d Parishes, Townships or Places being unequal, or on account of some w one or more of them being without sufficient Cause omitted alto-

ai gether from the Rate, or on account of such Parish, Township or

(a Place being rated at a higher Proportion of the Pound Sterling si aecprding to the fair annual Value of the rateable Property therein,

ts or on account of some other Parish or Parishes, Township or Town-

f. ships. Place or Places being rated at a lower Proportion of the 1 Pound Sterling according to the fair annual Value of the rateable

a Property therein, than has been fixed and declared by the Justices

g of the Peace of the said County in Sessions assembled, as the BaGs

[Proviso.]

I of the Rate of the said County, or on account of any other just Cause of Complaint whatsoever; it shall be lawful for such Church- warden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or 1 other Inhabitant or Inhabitants where there is no Churchwarden or Overseer, or Person appointed to act as such, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, at any General or Quarter Sessions, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Place or Places, which are unequally rated, or which shall appear to be over-rated or underrated, or omitted altogether from the Rate; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and-either to confirm such Parti of the Rate as have been appealed against, or to correct such Inequalities, Disproportions or Omissiona, as shall be proved to exist therein, in such manner as to them the said Justices shall appear fair, just and equitable; any thing in this Act, or any former Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal, ho such Rate shall be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish, Towaftiip t>r Place, unless in cases where the Justices of the Peacgof any County, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, shall deem it necessary to proceed, to the nufluag of an entire new Rate, and shall proceed therein according to the Provisions of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Kxpenceof Ap. Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, respecting any thing done peals paid by

in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the ?, inlhes, Ir Per-County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or lons appe ns* Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes, Township, Places and Persona, or such of them, and in fifth Proportionateth* said Justices shall upon any Appeal, in

their

-A':

Power to Justices to coni-pensate Persons employed, out of County Rate.

1 % G. 2. C. 19.

 II.

in part repealed.

Allowance to Treasurer.

[Proviso.]

t Si(.

Treasurers of Counties, Ecc. to publish every Year, Abstra& Account of Receipts, & c.

[Penalty.]

High Constables to give Security.

C. 51. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

their General or Quarter Sessions, award and order; or as such Courts, wherein such Actions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order; and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, in General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, from time to time assembled, to order such Allowances and Compensations to be made to the Overseers, Churchwardens, Constables, Assessors, Collectors, Clerks or other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, which have not hereinbefore been provided for, from, by and out of the Monies assessect, levied and collected by any County Rate made under this or any former Act or Acts, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper.

XVII. And Whereas the Allowance which the Justices of the

Peace are authorized to make to the Treasurer or Treasurers for

his or their Care and Pains in the Execution of his or their Office, ' Hands limited by the before recited Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to a Sum ' not exceeding Twenty Pounds a Year: And Whereas such Sum

has been in some, and may be found in many cases inadequate to ' remunerate him or them for such Care and Pains; Be it hereby further enacted, That so much of the said Act as limits the said Allowance to Twenty Pounds a Year, is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, at their respective General or Quarter Sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to allow to the Treasurer or Treasurers of their Counties, and to every of them insisting on the same, such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money for such Purpose as aforesaid, as they in their Discretion shall think lit, of which they are hereby empowered to direct the Payment out of the Monies arising by the Rates of their respective Counties: Provided always, that no such Augmentation of Allowance shall be made at any such General or Quarter Sessions, unless Application for such Augmentation shall have been made by the said Treasurer or Treasurers, or f the Justices of the Peace, at some previous General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and unless Notice of the Intention of taking the said Augmentation into Consideration shall have been advertised for Three successive Weeks in some Newspaper usually circulating in such County, in the Month immediately preceding the time fixed for considering the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Treasurers of Counties, or of Divisions of Counties, shall and they are hereby required, once in every Year, to publish in some one of the Newspapers usually circulating in the County or Division of the County in which they respectively ad, a true and accurate Abfbrad of the Account of their Receipts and Expenditures, under their several Heads, for the Year immediately preceding the Publication of such Abstract, signed by the Justices of the Peace who shall have audited the same, under a Penalty of Fifty Pounds, for every Omission of such Publication. "

XIX. And be it further enacted, Thaft the Justices of the Peace of the said Jeyeral Counties are hereby^ authorized; ft1^'

ufad

M

on of

foil aits iH i tie Hi raA Ik ids

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. in C.JI. 1S9

cient Security, to be approved of by the said Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, from the High Constables employed in the collecting and levying the Rates; and that if any such High Constable, upon being so called upon by the said Justices, shall neglect or refuse to give such Security as shall be approved by them, it shall then he lawful for the said Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions a/Tembled, to order and direct the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Persons appointed to affess, collect and levy the Rates of any Parish, Township or Place to pay the Quota which shall be affpffed thereupon towards the County Rate, to the Treasurer of the County, Division or Place in which such Parish, Township or Place, shall be situate; and the Receipt of such Treasurer shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every Former Acts the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions and Authorities con- to

tained in the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty ia c

King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying County Rates; and alfe so much of another Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty 13 G. 2. c. 18. King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue several Acts 5 7* therein mentioned, for punching such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks or other Works ercBed by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing ExaSions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames Well ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectualpreventing all His Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises and Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commis-fiuns of the Peace within th cmselyes, as relate to County Rates save Exception, and except such Parts thereof respectively as are hereby varied, altered or repealed) shall be good, valid and effectual, for the Purposes of assessing, levying, collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Rate or Rates hereafter to be made in pursuance of this Act, and for carrying this Act into Execution.

1 XXI. And Whereas several Acts have passed in the Reign of

His present Majesty, and are now in force, empowering the Justices of the Peace of certain Counties to make fmr and equal County ' Rates within their respective Counties Be it hereby enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices respect- Counties where ively, and they are hereby empowered, at any time and at all times Rates regulated after the passing of this Act, to proceed in the assessing, levying and by particular collecting and enforcing the Payment of the County Rate, and in all Matters relating to the equalizing the same, either under the of

Authority and according to the Provisions and Enactments of this Act.

Act, or under tip Authority; jnd according to the Provisions and ^ftnentt of the particular Acts affecting their respective Counties,

rpo

Penalties, &c. how levied and applied.

Imprisonment.

Who may be a Witness.

limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Co&s*

C.Si.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

as to them shall seem fit and proper, in all cases in which the Provisions and Enactments of this Act are not inconsistent with the Provisions and Enactments of such particular Acts.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders* Goods and Chattels, by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the County, not only in the County in which the Offence shall have been committed, but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the same being in such last mentioned case first indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor, or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise, where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall be foundj returning the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distreis and Sale shall be dedusted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Forfeitures and Charges be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, or of any Division thereof, in which they shall have been incurred, to be applied in aid of the Rates of the said County or Division thereof; and no Person shall be deemed incompetent to be a Witness for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act, or in any Appeal or other Proceeding instituted by virtue thereof, by reason of his paying or being liable to pay towards the Poor Rates or County Rates within the said County.

XXIII. Provided ahfo, and be it further enacted, Thatuo Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any thing done or to be done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed j and every such Action shall be brought and bid in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not eHew here; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her or their Election, this Act specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every the said cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaiirtiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and ta every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Goffs, and have the like remedy for recovering the same b any Defendant or Defendants bafcr have

\9l

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C.$r, 52.

*Pn>

iftke

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Ridings or Provisions of Divisions have separate Commissions of the Peace, or where any Cities, Act extended to Towns or other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called Commissionlfof England, have Commissions of the Peace within themselves, and are the Pejce not subject to the Jurisdiction of the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties at large in which such Liberties or Franchises lie, and do not, nor did before the passing of this Act, contribute or pay to the several Rates made for the said Counties at large, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of such separate Jurisdictions within the respective Limits of their Commissions, to have, use and exercise all and singular the Powers, Authorities and Methods, given or prescribed by this Act; and all such separate Jurisdictions are hereby declared to be subject thereto, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as Counties at large; any Law,

Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Acts for charging additional Duties on Copper imported into Great Britain.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the Law* herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient ' that the same should be revived and continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign 48 G. 3. c. 67. of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which by an Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was amended 51 P'f and further continued until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months J^Ju*d after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived and continued in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty 510.3. second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, imitated An Act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification if a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall, from and after the -passing of this Act, be revived and continue in force until the Twenty futh Day revivad sni of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty. contiooood.

192

C-S3-

SS GEO. III.

A.D. 1&i$.

43 G. 3. c. 23.

45 G.3

46 G. 3.

c. 15. c. 65.

Rates, Duties and Contributions of former Acts revived for One Year.

Acts in force on

CAP. LIII.

An Act to revive and continue for One Year the Duties and Contributions on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-sessions, Trades and Offices, in Great Britain.

[12th May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of

Your Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits ari-

sing from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, certain Rates,

4 Duties and Contributions, on the Profits arising from Property,

Prosessions, Trades and Offices, and also by Two several Adh passed in the Forty fifth and Forty sixth Years of Your Majesty's

Reign, the one thereof intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties, in Great Britain, on the Amount of Assessments to be charged e>n the Profits arising from Property, ProfeJronsy Trades and Offices; and the other thereof intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties, in Great Britain,

on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions. Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth of His present Majesty for repealing certain Parts of an 4 AS made, in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties, certain further Rates, Duties and Contributions, on the like Profits, were granted to Your Majesty, for a Term therein limited; and which Rates, Duties and Contributions were consolidated by the said last mentioned Act, and have expired after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, have freely and voluntary resolved to revive the said Rates, Duties and Contributions, and to grant the same to Your Majesty, for the Period herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rates, Duties and Contributions by the said several Acts granted, and consolidated by the said last mentioned recited Act, shall be and are hereby revived, and shall be charged, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Term of One whole Year, to be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and until the Afi# ments for that Year shall be completed.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. in C. 53. 193

thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in relation to the said recited April 5, 1815, Duties so expired, shall severally be continued and remain in full continued, force, and be of the like Effect in all respects, in relation to the Duties hereby granted, as if the said recited Duties had not expired; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Acts in force as aforesaid, or any of them, as well for the alTefling the Duties hereby granted during the Period herein limited, as for levying, recovering, paying, deducing and apportioning the Duties so assessect, and the Arrears remaining unpaid at the Determination of the time herein limited, and for re-assessing the same in Default of Payment, and for the suing, adjudging and recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred, which after the Determination of the time herein limited may be unpaid, shall be severally and re-ipeAively duly observed, practised, applied and put in Execution, in relation to the Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules,

Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enrffted in the Body of this Act, and respectively applied to the Duties hereby granted, and shall--severally be construed, deemed and taken to refer to this Act, and to apply to the said Duties hereby granted, in like manner as if the lame had been enacted herein; favc and except as herein after is particularly provided.

III. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty sixth 46 G. 3. c. 65.

4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Provisions are con- 100.

tained for continuing the Assessments made under the Schedules of the said Act respectively marked (A.) and (B.) for the Space of

Two Years, under the Regulations of the said Act: And Whereas it is expedient that, for the Period limited in this Act, all the Assessments to be made by the Commissioners for General Purposes,

acting for their respective Divisions throughout Great Britain,

should be made on the Basis of the Assessments made or to be made for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it further enadea, That the Assess- Assessments of ments made or to be made of the Duties which are chargeable under 1814, under either of the Schedules respectively marked (A.) and (B.) of the Schedules (A.) said last mentioned AA, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April and (?)to re-One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and remain in force force {ot

for the Term limited by this Act, and commencing from the said 5'

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; under the Regulations contained in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessments made or to Assessments be made by the Commissioners for General Purposes of the Duties mad# under which are chargeable before them under either of the Schedules Schedules (D.) respectively, marked (D.) or (E.) of the said last mentioned Act, n

for the Year ending the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight Snue for 18x5" hundred and fifteen, shall also be and remain in force for the said Term limited by this Act, and commencing as aforesaid; subject to such of the Rules ind Regulations of the said last mentioned Act, inrefpeA of the Continuance of Assessments for Two Years under the Schedules marked'(A.) and (B.) as are applicable to the Assessmentt ljereby coifatted under Schedules (D.) and (E.) with-fjrGaO.UI. O out

b

194

C-53*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

out requiring Return* from the Parties charged therein for that Term, and without altering the Names of the Parties charged; and the like Sums shall be levied thereon for the Term limited by this Act, as shall or ought to have been or may be levied thereon, or liable so to be, for the said Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that in all cases where, by the said last mentioned Aft, a Return is required of the Annual Value of Property charged under the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) in such Second Year of Assessment, a Return shall be made in the like cases by the Persons charged under either of the Schedules marked (E.) or (D.) for the Term hereby limited, in such manner and under the like Forms as are required by the said last mentioned Act in other cases, under either of the said Schedules marked (D.) or (E.)

Commissioneri V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

Great Seal, shall, within One Month after the passing of this Act, take and subscribe the following Oath in some One of His Majesty's Courts in Westminster: '

I A.B. do swear, That I will not disclose any Particulars con- A tained in any Schedule or Statement delivered with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedule (D.)as recited in an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades'- r an Act passed in the Forty fifth Tear

____ ^- _ r of His present Majesty for granting

4 a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Projeffont, Trades and Offices, and to confplidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collcBing the said Duties, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation, respecting the same, in pursuance of the said Act, which shall have been disclosed or communicated to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, or by the Additional Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof, or by any Inspectors and Surveyors, or by the Collectors, or the Deputies to the Receivers General, or by any Clerk or Clerks Assistant to the Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act; except where it shall be necessary to disclose the same in the Execution of my Office as One of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Tarts.*

Act varied, &c.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may ha ytried,

QfMAn/la/1 A JCL A An mm*JLl

amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be madfe irr Session.

repealing certain Parts of an Act

ISitfofi. c. 161.3

SS Geo. m.

A.D. 1815.

c. *4-95

CAP. LIV.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and to establish, for Twelve Months, other Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing the rein, in certain Cases.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS, under present Circumstances, it is expedient 54 G* 3- c.l55*

that an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act (a) for establishing 1 Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, 1 in certain Cases, and for fubfituting other Provisions, until the End

of the next Session of Parliament, in lieu thereof should be re- pealed, and further and other Provisions made for the Regulation of Aliens Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual md Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ind by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing f this Act, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid

hall be and the same is hereby repealed. (a) [43 G. 3. c. 155. repealed. low expired independent of the Repeal by 54 G. 3. c. 155.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as Hia A1, e.ns Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, by his or their Proclama- ordered on, or by His or their Order in Council, or Order under His or by Proclama-leir Sign Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor tion, &c.

Governors of Ireland shall, by Proclamation or Order of Council Ireland, direct that any Alien or Aliens who may be within the nited Kingdom, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart r United Kingdom within a time limited in any such Proclamation Order respectivelr, and any such Alien shall knowingly and Ifully refuse or neglect to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation Order respectively, or shall be found in the United Kingdom, or r Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, as the e may be, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal: retaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or for any lice of the Peace, or for any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any y or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be imitted to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he he shall be so arrested, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize 1 he or she shall be taken in Charge for the Purpose of being out of the United Kingdom; and if any such Alien sent out Returning with-he United Kingdom, in pursuance of any such Order or Pro- out Licence, lation, or any Order made by virtue of any of the Provisions of Act as aforesaid, shall, without Licence for that Purpose by of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, return into this King-such Alien bring duly convicted thereof, shall be transported TransportJtlon.', ife.

I. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Aliens disobey-Dr more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, before whom any 1US Proclama-Alien shall be brought for so knowingly* and wilfully refusing tlon<' glefting to gay doe; Obedience to any such Proclamation or O 2 Order

t9^

c. 54.

SS* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

First Offence. Second Offence.

Secretaries of State, &c. may grant Warrants to conduit Aliens out of Kingdom.

Copy of Conviction of Alien trans-tnitted to Secretary of State, ftc.

If afters of Vessels to give to Officers of Customs a Declaration of Ifames, &c. of Aliens on board.

Aliena landing, Declaration.

Order as aforesaid, or for being found in this Realm or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, to adjudge such Alien to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding One Month for the First Offence, and not exceeding Two Months for the Second Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lora Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, in any case in which he or they shall apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case in which any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refusal or Neglect to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refusal or Neglect; or of any other Offence under this Act, for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, either beforfc or during or after the Period of such Imprisonment, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to give such Alien in charge to One of His Majesty's Messengers, or to any other Person or Persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his or her being conduced out of this Realm.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in every case in which any Alien shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned, that it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrate before whom such Alien shall be convicted, and he is hereby required, to transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, if in Great Britain, and to the Under Secretaries to the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, if in Ireland, the Copy of the Conviction, and the circumstances of the case on which such Alien shall have been so convicted, in order that such Alien shall be continued in Prison for the Period for which he shall have been committed, or be sent out of the Kingdom as aforesaid, as the case may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in any Port or Place of this Kingdom shall, immediately on his Arrival and before he shall be allowed to enter or land any Part whatever of the Cargo of the said Ship or Vessel, declare in Writing to any Inspector of Aliens appointed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, resident at or near such Port or Place, or where no such Inspector shall be so appointed and resident, to the Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs at or near such Port or Place, whether there are, to the best of his Knowledge, any Aliens on board his said Vessel; and shall in his said Declaration specify the Number of Aliens (if any) on board his said Vessel, and also specify their Names and respective Ranks, Occupations or Descriptions, as far as he shall be informed thereof* '

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Alien shah ^permitted to laud in this Kingdom, until the Mate or Comih^dct rtl^t^ Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall lifcteamyed,shall the Declaration conCerfting Alieus

197

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 54.

as such in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, shall land in this Kingdom from any such Ship or Vessel without such Permission first obtained, such Alien shall forthwith be taken into Custody and carried before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall commit such Alien to One of His Majesty's Gaols, or to such Imprisonment other Custody as to such Justice shall seem fit, until His Majesty's Pleasure, or the Pleasure of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, if in Ireland, concerning such Alien, shall be known; and the Mailer or Commander, or the Person having Matters landing Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Alien* contrary Pounds for every Alien so landed, unless he shall make it appear that  A(?' such Alien was landed from such Ship or Vessel against the Will of 8 l* such Mailer or Commander, or the Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel; and one Moiety of such Penalty shall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and it shall be lawful for such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or for any Officer or Officers of the Culloms or Excise, as the case may be, to detain such Ship or Vessel until such Penalty shall be paid; and any Boat or Vessel used in landing any such Vessels used in Alien from the Ship or Vessel in which such Alien shall have arrived landing forfeited, is aforesaid, shall and may be seized by such Inspector as aforesaid,

>r by any Officer or Officers of the Culloms or Excise, as the case nay be j and the same shall be forfeited, together with all Tackle,

\pparel, Ammunition and Furniture thereunto respectively be-onging. '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Commander Captains of of every Ship or Vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or Ships neglecting efufe to make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such to make Dec*1" )ffence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each and pen4jJv# very Alien^who shall have been on board at the time of the Arrival f each Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully ?glefted or refused so to declare as aforesaid; One Moiety whereof all be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be recovered before any One more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the tivision, City, Town or Place in which such Offence shall have been immitted, by the Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of One more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case such Mailer or Matter neglect-9mmander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay ing to pay ch Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, then penalty* d in such case it shall be lawful for such Inspector of Aliens as tresaid, or for any Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer the Culloms, as the case may be, and every such Inspector of iens, Collector or Comptroller is, on due Notice of such Conviction i Adjudication, hereby required to detain such Ship or Vessel as Ship detained. >resaid, until the same shall have been paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall Aliens arriving ive at or in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, from and aft*r p^ng of t the passing of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival, and t l8n* lare in Writing to such Inspector of Aliens, or to such Officer of m5te'Declara-Customs as aforesaid, as the case may be, at or near such Port or tion to inspector ce, the Name tf, the Ship or Vessel in which he or she shall have of Aliens, or le to this Kingdose; and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also 2*1 7 Alien who fcP&part from any Port or Place of this Realm, V p^ucukr^ O 3 from

T98

G*54*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Imprisonment.

Aliens to receive Certificates from ln-spefior of Aliens, or Officer of Customs.

Act not to include Mariners certified to be employed in Navigation of Vessels.

Mailers refilling to give Certificates.

ride.

Imprisonment.

Arms feised if attempted to be brought by Aliens otb^r

F* '

from and after the patting of this Act, shall, immediately after such Arrival or before such Departure respectively, declare in like manner to such Officer as aforesaid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or Description; or if a Domestic Servant, then also the Name, Rank and Description of his or her Master or Mistress, or shall verbally make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him reduced to Writing; and shall also in like manner declare the Country or Place from whence he or she shall then have come, and the Place to which he or she is then going, and his or her Profession or Occupation, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom (if any)he or she is known in this Kingdom; and that every such Alien who shall neglect to make Declaration of the aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declaration thereof, may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or District, in which such Alien shall be found, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding One Month.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Alien so arriving as aforesaid, shall obtain from such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs, as the case may be, and such Officers are hereby respectively required to deliver to such Alien, a Certificate of his or her Declaration made in Writing, or verbally, containing all the Particulars in such Declaration contained.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Mariner, whom the Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, arriving in any Port or Place in this Kingdom, shall certify to such Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or to such Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs, in Writing, as the case may be, subscribed by such Matter or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, during the time that fu h Mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed; and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such Matter or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give; and if any such Matter shall refuse to give such Certificate as aforesaid to any Person entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to any Justice of the Peace, who may thereupon summon such Matter as aforesaid; and if, on hearing what shall be alleged and proved by each Party, such Justice shall be of Opinion that such Certificate ought to be granted, and such Matter shall nevertheless refuse to grant the same, it shall be lawful for such justice to fine such Matter in any Sum not exceeding Twenty. Pounds, to the Use of His Majesty, and on Nonpayment thereof, t<l commit such Matter to Prison for any Time not exceeding' Qtt Month.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawftA.for any Alien so arriving, to import or bring' into this King Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition whatever, a

*99

A.D. 18i{* 55 GEO. III. C. 5.

Ki or their Costody toy Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition, which shall be attempted to be imported or brought into this Kingdom in any manner contrary to this Act, taking an Account thereof, which Account shall specify the Persons by whom the same were respectively brought; and that such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition shall remain at The King's Disposal, or at the Disposal of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors if in Ireland.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as His His Majesty

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think it necessary, for the land at

Safety or Tranquillity of the Kingdom* by His or their Proclamation Placet

or Order in Council, to direct that Aliens of any Description therein only, mentioned shall not be landed in this Kingdom, or shall not be

landed, except at such Places and under such Regulations as shall be in such Proclamation or Order expressed, then and in every such case, the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel or

Boat, having any such Alien or Aliens on board, shall not suffer any such Alien or Aliens to land within any Part of this Kingdom,

contrary to such Proclamation or Order in Council, unless by the

express Permission of His Majesty, signified under the Hand of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and every such Mastert &ln

Matter or Commander wilfully neglecting to conform to any of the contrary to

Direct ions or Regulations contained in such Proclamation or Order, order, 'Scc*

shall forfeit Forty Pounds for every Alien so landed, to be recovered Penalty,

ttfore One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, One Moiety thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, and the other to

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 and such Ship or Vessel, Vessels, &c. in

torn on board of which any such Alien or Aliens shall so land, shall what caf* for-

>e detuned till such Penalty shall be paid; and every other Vessel feic#d*

ir Boat used in landing any such Alien or Aliena shall and may be

eized by the Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or by any Officer or

)fficers of the Costoms or Excise, as the case may be, and the same

spectively shall, on Proof that such Offence was wilfully committed,

antrary to the Provision of this Act, be forfeited, together with all

'ackle, Apparel, Ammunition and Furniture thereunto respectively

elonging.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Alien so arriving shall No Aliens to epart from the Place in which he or she shall so have arrived, except ^Part

ir the Purpose of making such Declaration as hereinbefore required without Paffowfc) the Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or to the Collector, Comp-oller or other Chief Officer of the Custoras as aforesaid, as the case ay be, or for the Purpose of obtaining such Passport as is herein after mtioned, without previously obtaining a Passport from the Mayor other Chief Magistrate of such Place, or from one Justice of the jace for the County or Didrift in which the same may be situated, which Passport shall be expressed the Name and Rank, Occupation Description of such Alien, as declared by him or her to such fficer as aforesaid, and also the Town or Place to which such ien purposei to go j and such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice is eby required, to give such Passport, on Application made to him that Purpose, and on Production of the Certificate of his or her claration as aforesaid; provided that such Town or Place to which h Alien propofapto go shall not be a Town or Place from which b Attests itWwd hom going by any such Proclamation 99 O 4 Order

Pjtsports re-fafed, kc.

Cj4*

SS* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Aliens wanting to change Ahode, to obtain Passports or Licences.

[Proviso.]

Magistrates empowered to cause Aliens to exhibit PaiT-

St-

ffe,

Order as is herein mentioned; and provided that such Alien shall not have landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein mentioned: Provided always, that if any such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall fee reason to refuse to grant such Passport, it may be lawful for him to withhold the same, and to commit such Alien to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, or to detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall think fit, until he shall have transmitted to His Majesty's Secretary of State, or Secretary to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Statement in Writing of the Circumstances which fcall have induced him so to withhold such Passport and to commit such Alien (which Statement he is hereby in every such case directed and required forthwith to transmit), and until he shall have received the Directions of such Secretary of State, or Secretary to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as to granting or withholding such Passport; and upon the Receipt of such Direction, such Mayor, Justice or Magistrate shall act accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Alien, except the Domestic Servants of any of His Majesty's natural born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized by Act of Parliament, being actually attendant on their respective Matters, who shall have arrived in this Kingdom since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, or who shall arrive therein at any time, shall be desirous to change the Place of his or her usual Residence, or to quit the Town or Place at which such Alien shall have arrived, by virtue of his or her first Passport, such Alien shall obtain from the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, Place or District, in which such Alien shall be resident, a Passport or Licence in which shall be expressed the Name and Description of such Alien, in the manner hereinbefore provided, and also the Name of the Town or Place to which such Alien shall propose to remove; and such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, is hereby required to give such Passport or Licence, on Application made to him for that Purpose by such Alien: Provided always, that every such Alien shall, at the time of making such Application, exhibit to such Magistrate or Justice the Passport by virtue of which such Alien arrived in such County, District, Town or'Place, in which he. or (he shall be resident; or if such Alien shall not have arrived therein by virtue of any Passport, a Certificate from the ^l&gistrate or Justice, or other Person to whom such Alien shall bavfc delivered an, Account of his or her Name and Description in the manner herein after provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or for any Justice of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or District within this Kingdom* to fag&re of any Alien who shall have arrived dn this Kingdom af$r ttieTirff Day of January One thousand eightdiundred apd onejipe ftmll arrive at any time during the /Go

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 54. fcol,

and in Default thereof, or in case it shall appear thereby that such Alien is not in his or her Way to such Town or Place as is therein expressed, and such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall fee cause to suspect that such Alien is not bona Jide proceeding to such Town or Place as aforesaid, or in case such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice shall fee cause to suspect that such Alien landed in this Kingdom contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein mentioned, such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice may commit such Alien to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, or detain such Alien in such Custody as such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice may think proper, until Notice thereof be sent by such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors* if in Ireland, which Notice such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice is hereby required forthwith to transmit; and until sufficient time shall have been allowed for the Transmission of His Majesty's or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governor's Pleasure, and unless His Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid, shall, thereupon, within Twenty one Days, signify his Pleasure that such Alien shall be discharged, or shall direct in manner herein mentioned, that such Alien shall depart the Realm, it shall ind may be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate or Justice to cause 'uch Alien to be committed to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Vlainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due Course of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons porgine Pair. vhatever, whether Alien or not, shall either for his own Use or for ports, &c. he Use of any other Person, wilfully forge, counterfeit or alter, or ause to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or shall utter, knowing he same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Passport, Certi-cate, Licence, or Allowance of time to obtain any Licence or 'afsport in this Act mentioned; or if any Person shall obtain such 'afsport or Certificate or Licence, or Allowance of time to obtain any icence or PalTport, under any other Name or Description than that hich he or she shall have declared to such Inspector of Aliens as oresaid, or to such Custom House Officer, or to any such Mayor,

[agistrate or Justice as are herein mentioned, or shall falsely pretend > be the Person mentioned in such Passport or Certificate, Licence Allowance of time as aforesaid; such Person or Persons shall, r every such Offence, bn Conviction thereof in His Majesty's Court King's Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Deli-ry or Great Sessions, or in the Justiciary Court in Scotland, or in y Court of Record in Ireland, be adjudged to be imprisoned, and ImprisonmeiL ill be imprisoned in the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding iree Months; and if such Person shall be an Alien, shall also be udged at the Expiration of that time to depart out of this Realm, thin a time to be limited by such Judgment; and if such Person Persons be found therein after such time in such Judgment so ited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted reof, be trsuisported for Seven Years. Transportitlon.

(VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty shall His Majesty tdvifed that it pay be dangerous to the Security of the Kingdom my orde* fend any Al&l.tiut of the Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His efty, by Warrio^t-under his SigntManual, or by Warrant under c^ody. Haadand Seal ofe One of HiMifajeft}'* Principal SesKtanea of

State,

C-54-

55 GEO. TIL

A.D. 181f

His Majesty, &c. may order Residence of Aliens at particular Places.

Disobedience.

Arrested.

Imprisonment.

Redding unlawfully.

Imprisonment.

Aliens to give Account of and deliver up Weapons, &c.

txeajjdoa.

State, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place and in such Manner as His Majesty shall think fit, and until His Majesty shall give other Order to the contrary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid for the time being, by His of their Proclamation or Order in Council, or under the Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct any Alien or Aliens who shall hive arrived within this Kingdom, or who shall arrive therein during the Continuance of this Act, other than the Domestic Servants of any of His Majesty's natural born Subjects, or of such as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, actually and bona jide employed in the Service of their respective Masters, to dwell and reside respectively in any such District or Districts as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think necessary for the Public Security; and if any such Alien (except as hew* inbefore excepted) being so ordered and directed, shall dwell or shall be found to be or have been in any Part of this Kingdom, other than such District or Districts as aforesaid, in Breach of such Pro* clamation or Orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peace, or any such Mayor or Chief Mij trate as aforesaid, to cause such Alien to be arrested; and if it f appear to such Principal Secretary of State, or Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant, or to such Justice, Mayor or Chief Magistrates that such Alien did knowingly and wilfully depart out of such District or Districts in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively, such Alien shall he committed to the Common Gaol, there to be detained without Bail or Mainprize; and if any such Alien, except as hereinbefore excepted, shall be duly convicted before any One or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or redding, or being found to be or of having been in any Place in this Kingdom, in Breach of such Proclamation or Orders respectively as aforesaid, he or She shall be adjudged by such Justices to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not Exceeding Six Months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid for the time being, by Hil or their Proclamation of Order in Council, or under the Royal Sign Manual to order and direct that all Aliens shall, at such time or times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Order or Proclamation, give to some neighbouring Magistrate a full and true Account of all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition, which shall be i9 their respective Possession, or in the Pqffession of others, for oral their Use or Disposal; and every such Alien shall, within the time or tunes specified in such Proclamation or Order, deliver up to fnchK  '^s-IJucJ* Weapons, Arum, Gunpowder and Ammunition,

55GEam.

C-54'

*03

such Account, to buy or to have in his or her Possession, or in tha Buying, fte. Possession of others, for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any Weapons, Weapons, &c. Arms; Gunpowder or Ammunition, except as hereinbefore excepted; and that any such Person wilfully neglecting to give such Account, Fjlfe Account, or giving a false Account; or wilfully neglecting to deliver up such &c.

Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition; or forging, counter- Forging, &c. feiting or altering, or causing to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any such Licence; or buying, or knowingly having in his or her Pof- Licence, session, or in the Possession of others, for or at his or her Use or Dif- Having Wea-posal, any other Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition, p^e'^n: ontrary to this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof before any one or mhers< nore Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned at the Discretion of such imprisonment, (office, for any time not exceeding one Month.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Houses of

if His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or Aliens searchei

Secretary to such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors

a Ireland, or for any One or more Justices of the Peace, or any

dayor or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to cause any House rented or occupied by-

ay Aliens aforesaid, and also any House in which any fuen Alien

tall be a Lodger or Inmate, such Inmate not being a Domestic

ervantof any of His Majesty's natural born Subjects, and of Persons

ho shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been naturalized

1 Act of Parliament, resident in such House, to be searched in the

ay time and in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in order to discover

hether any Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder or Ammunition be therein

mcealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful His Majesty,

[Proviso.]

r His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, or ay squire*such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid, any Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for that Purpose, |lldee VW* m time to time to require and command all or any Aliens who Licences of 11 then he in, or shall hereafter come into this Kingdom, to register Residence. ifetf or herself, in the manner herein after mentioned, with such rfon or Persons, and in such District or Distri^s, a, s by any Pro-mation shall be appointed, and within fuefy time or times as in such jclamation or Proclamations shall be required; and thereupon to ain from such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Pur-e, Licence to such Alien to relide within this Kingdom, either erally in any Part thereof without Restriction, or specially in 1 Place or Places, and under such Restrictions or Conditions, as lit Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Govern, shall seem fit; which Licence shall either be without LimU Regulationsu in in point of time, or shall endure for such Space of time as 10 Licence, therein be expressed, and no longer; but every such Licence be capable of being revoked; and if limited in point of time* be capable of being renewed and continued at such times and in manner such Licence, or fr; om time to time by any such lamation or Order shall be directed: Provided always, that it be lawful for-any Alien not intruded in any such Proclamation irelaid, to reftd^pthin this Kingdom under any Licence granted hat PurpOtfo1 bf former S& to

thdefc tom OteMW* V*9

to

a4

At large without Licence.

c. 54.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 181ji

Imprisonment.

If Pet suns authorized to grant Licences think fit to refute them, Parties committed until Circumstances certified to Secretary of State, ftc.

proviso.

[Proviso.]

Licences forfeited if Aliens found out of Diflri&s.

to time by His Majesty respecting such Licence, or the Revocation, Renewal or Exchange thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being an Alien, shall be found at large in the United Kingdom, after the time in any such Proclamation to be limited for obtaining such Licence as aforesaid by such Person, such Person not having obtained such Licence as aforesaid, or an Allowance of time unexpired to obtain such Licence, and not being exempted from the Obligation to deliver such Account as aforesaid, by this Act, or by any such Proclamation or Order, or by Special Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall and may, at the Discretion of the Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted, be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Six Months.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person authorized to grant such Licences as aforesaid, and to whom Application shall be made for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall think fit to refuse to give such Licence to any Alien who shall apply for the same, such Alien so applying for such Licence shall be forthwith conveyed before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and committed to Prison for safe Custody, or to the Custody of One of His Majesty*8 Messengers, or other Person appointed for that Purpose, until the circumstances relating to the case of such Alien shall have been certified to One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, which shall be done without Delay; but it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, in any such case, either to direct that such Licence shall be granted, or that such Alien shall be conveyed out of this Kingdom by Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Person authorized to grant such Licence, and to whom Application for the same shall have been made, if he shall think fit, to give such Alien further time for the Purpose of obtaining such Licence, and in that case to signify the Allowance of such further time, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, specifying the time allowed for obtaining such Licence; during which time the Alien, to whom such time shall have been so allowed, shall and may reside within this Kingdom, in the same manner as if such Licence had been obtained: Provided nevertheless, that he or she shall during-such time reside in such Place or within such District as shall be expressed for that Purpose in such Writing, allowing further time as aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Alien having fobh Licence as aforesaid, or such Allowance of further time to obtain a Licence as aforesaid, shall at any time after <be at large in GYW Britain, in any Place not being the Place oi*THftri& within ^dueh ftfott Alien shall be allowed to reside asa&Seffcid, orftaH^ffoSjid

2C5

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Licence, Frelh Licences or Allowance of further time to obtain a Licence, shall be loft, granted in lieu millaid or destroyed, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons au- 0, ceuccs 01 thorized to grant such Licence, or Allowance of further time as

aforesaid, upon Proof on Oath to his, her f or their Satisfaction, that t Su* such Licence, or Allowance of further time, has been so loft, mislaid or destroyed, to grant a fresh Licence, or Allowance of further time to obtain a Licence, dating the former Licence or Allowance; and the reason of granting such fresh Licence or Allowance, and such fresh Licence or Allowance shall be of like Force as the Instrument so loft, mislaid or destroyed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No Alien to passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Alien to leave this, ", uR!pIt[r Kingdom without a Passport for that Purpose first obtained from One W1 u a P*of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of such

Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or from

some Person authorized by His Majesty or such Lord Lieutenant or

Chief Governor or Governors, to grant such Passport, which Passport

shall be produced to the Inspector of Aliens as aforesaid, or to the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs as the case may be, at the

Port or Place where such Alien shall embark for the Purpose of

leaving this Kingdom, which Officer being satisfied that the Person

producing such Passport is the Person to whom the same was granted,

ind who was intended to be named and described therein, shall allow

uch Passport, and shall certify such Allowance by making the same

>n such Passport, and signing the same, with the Date of such Al-

owance; and such Passport, with such Allowance thereon, shall be

jroduced to the Matter or Person having the Charge or Care of the

>hip or Vessel in which such Alien (half be permitted to embark on

toard any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom;

nd if any Alien shall embark on board any Ship or Vessel, in Alien embark-

rder to leave this Kingdom, not having obtained such Passport as in8 without

foresaid, and such Allowance thereof, ngned by the proper Officer aflPrt wit^

1 aforesaid, with the Knowledge, Privity and Consent of the Matter, M^er of^Ship r of the Person having at the time the Command, Charge or Care &c.

F such Ship or Vessel, every such Matter or Person having the Com-land, Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel, knowing him to be ich Alien, shall on Conviction thereof before One or more Justices F the Peace of any County, or Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any ity, Town or Place forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Pounds, One Penalty.

'oiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to is Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and in case any such Matter Matter neglect-Person having the Command, Charge or Care of such Ship or Vessel ing tc pay aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he Pn*by ill be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for ch Officer as aforesaid to detain such Ship or Vessel until the same ill have been paid; and every such Alien who shall embark on Alien embark-ard any Ship or Vessel with Intent to leave this Kingdom, not 1D5-ring previously obtained such Passport as aforesaid, and such Al-rance thereof signed by the proper Officer as aforesaid, being reof lawfully convicted before any One or more Justices of the ice, shall at the Discretion of such Justices f, be adjudged to f Sic. er Imprisonmefitirfor any time not exceeding Two Months: imprisonment, ivided always n$ft*he)efs, tha^ it shall not be neg$flary for any ProvHb for ...Mariner Manner*

c. 54.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1 Bi $.

Aliens having quitted France on account of Troubles, not liable to srreft for Debts contracted beyond Seas, other than Dominions of His Majesty.

Aliens not going according tc Passports. Penalty.

Receiving Aliens as Lodgers, to require them to produce Licence; and to fend a Copy to Justices, Sec.

Mariner actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of any Ship or Vessel, during the time that such Mariner shall be actually so engaged or employed, to obtain any such Passport as aforesaid; but fuen Mariner shall and may be permitted to embark on board such Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom, in the same manner as if tHis Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, who have quitted their Country by Reason of any Revolu* tion or Troubles in France, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned or held to bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt or other Cause of Action, contrafted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the said Dominions of His Majesty; and in case any such Alien shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged therefrom by Order of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation Time.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Alien, who shall have obtained a Passport to leave this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act shall not proceed with due Diligence to leave this Kingdom according to such Passport, such Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such Pass port had been granted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the End of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall receive into his or her House or Apartment, for the Purpose of lodging or residing therein for more than Twenty four Hours, any Alien who ought to procure a Licence to reside in this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall require such Alien to produce such Licence, or an Allowance of time to obtain such Licence, or a Passport for such Alien to leave this Kingdom, and to deliver a Copy 4>f such Licence, Allowance of time or Passport, before such PeN son shall receive such Alien into his or her House or Apartment to lodge or reside therein for more than Twenty four Hours; and shall within Twenty four Hours after such Alien shall have come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment, deliver such Copy of such Licence, or of such Allowance of farther time to obtain a Licence ot Passport, to any Justice of the Peace or Constable residing m dr near the Parish, Township or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate, and also so the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township or Place in England, and to the School* matter of the said Parish or Place in Scotland, with a Not&e^hat the Alien named therein did come to lodge of reside in fadrHcfttfc or Apartment on a Day in such Notice to te'specifiedfc wtaclHWl b tue refry Dhy on which: such Alien1 actually came f^netfide ib such House, of Apartment 1

sbi] aui: fat tii fair

5 GEO. TO.

C. 54.

such Copy with such Notice as aforesaid written thereon, to such Justice or Constable, Overseer or Schoolmaster as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a Sum noteiceeding Ten Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Penalty. Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who Perronshaving shall, after the pafliag of this Act, have any Alien lodging or refid- Alien Lodgers ing in his or her House or Apartment, shall, within Ten Days after 10 Slve Notice, the passing of this Act, deliver to any such Justice or Constable,

and to Overseers and Schoolmasters, Notice in Writing, describing such Alien by his or her Name, and specifying the time when such Alien first came to lodge or reside in his House or Apartment; and if any Person shall knowingly have received in his or her House or Apartment any such Alien, not having given Notice thereof as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose a sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; One Penalty. Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayors, ike. t* Mayor and Mayors, or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities transmit 10

of London and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Majesty's Juf- Seera^y of tices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, Sj*p Accunt being specially authorized by One of His Majesty's Principal Secre-  rocee, nIS' taries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate so authorized, to cause any Alien, whom he or they shall have cause to fuf-)eft to be a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody and xamined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Custody, s shall appear advisable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such VEen in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Alderman or 'href Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands nd Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Iainprize: Provided nevertheless, that in every such case every such layor, Alderman, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Juf- Provffix ces shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and requited rthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touch* g such Alien, and of the reasons for which he shall have thought to detain such Alien, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor Governors, in order and to the end that His Majesty, or such ord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may determine lat may be fit to be done thereon; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, or for such Lord eutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, by Order under hist ind, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of hi# incipal Secretarie*-of State, or the Secretary of such Lord Lieu-ant at Chief Governor or Governors, either to direct that fad* ien shall be discharged, or ordered out of the Kingdom.

igdom.

aoft

Ait not to extend to Foreign Ambassadors or Servants; nor to Acts done by Per-ibtis under 14 Years of Age. Proof to lie on Alien.

Prosecutions by Indi&racnt, &c.

Aliens adjured to be transported, sent to Places appointed by His Majesty, &c.

Sentenced for Transportation found in Realm.

Death.

Justices of Courts of Record may admit Aliens to Bail.

C\54

55 GEO. III.

AiB;

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ad Foreign Ambassador or other Public Minister duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public Minister, registered according to the Directions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, and being actually attendant upon such Ambafla-dor or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the meaning of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien, in respect of any Act done or omitted to be done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of Fourteen Years at the time when such Act was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise, whether any Person alleged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions or any of them, the Proof that such Person is, or by Law is to be deemed to be a natural born Subject of His Majesty, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions in this Act contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, ' or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the-Person so alleged to be' an Alien, and to be subject to the Provisions of this Act, tome or one of them.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions against any Aliens, for any Offence made punishable by this Act as Felony, or by Transportation for Years or for Life, shall be by Indictment or Information in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster or in Dublin, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, in England or Ireland, or Great Sessions in Wales, or Justiciary Court in Scotland, and not elsewhere; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Person shall be adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this Act, the Transportation shall be adjudged to be and shall he to such Place or Places as His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council in Great Britain, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Privy Council of Ireland shall direct or appoint.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case.any Person

ordered or adjudged to be transported for Life in pursuance of this Act, shall escape out of Custody previous to such Sentence of Transportation being carried into Execution, or shall, after having been transported, be found at large within this Realm, he or she fna^be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, witftodt Benefit of Clergy..: '-.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th^trf every case in which Power is given by this Act-to commit to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, or in wbWh Power i'

- 1 out of the Kingdom, and fudh Person f

' 'deHteredtQ;

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 54.09

dom, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Suffices of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made, he or they shall see sufficient Cause to presume that such Person is not witbun the Description limited by this Act, in the different cases herein mentioned, to admit fuih Person to Bail, he or she giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alleged against him or her, and to be present at the Trial of any Indictment to be preferred against him or her as herein after is directed.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Justice* acting shall be lawful for any Justice to admit any Alien to Bail who shall under Authority hare been committed by virtue of this Act, such Justice being autho- ec-tarL. ized so to do by Warrant of One of His Majesty's Principal Secre- aLm to^BaiL aries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor

>r Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, for that ?urpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Alien Alien bailed in-ball have been so admitted to Bail as aforesaid, it shall be lawful and >/

jr His Majesty's Attorney General to cause an Indictment to be Verdict against referred, or an Information to be filed against such Alien, dating of

ic Offence against this Act, if any such shall have been committed; Country.

if no such Offence has been committed, then stating only that ch Person is an Alien and within the Provisions of this Act, and at it appeared expedient to fend such Person out of this Realm, d that such Alien, on being committed for that Purpose, hath refed to go and been admitted to Bail; and such Alien shall forthwith pear and plead to such Indictment or Information, without any iparlance or Delay; and if a Verdict shall be given thereon against: h Alien, such Alien shall thereupon be immediately committed the Court, or may, if not present, be taken by any Warrant of r Judge of the Court in which such Indictment or Information II lie, for safe Custody, until such Alien can be sent out of the aim under the Provisions of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by Penalties ex<

; Act imposed, exceeding the Sum of Forty Pounds, shall be ceeding 40L how DveTed by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any recovered,

His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or

Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties

atine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or by Action, or sum-

y Bill or Information in the Courts of Justiciary or Exchequer

cotland, as the case shall require, wherein no Effoih, Privilege,

eftion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall

Uowed j and all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, not not exceeding

eding the Sum of Forty Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the 41*

nder upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County,

ng, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, where the Offence shall

)mmitted, be levied by Distress'and Sale of the Offender's Goods

Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice,

ring to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand,

deaufting the ^Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for

: of fafficieot DHbess, such Justice is hereby required to com-

55G10. Ill-: ^v

i C.S4.S5* 55" GEO. III. AP-itoS-

imprisonment.

Certiorari.

Parishioner*

Witnesse*.

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs*

mit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding* Stewartry, City, Town or Place where such .fence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding Three Months, and that no Writ of Certiorari, or of Advocation or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Justice, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend the Execution or other Proceedings thereupon.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Pari (hi To wnship or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be compe. tent Witnesses, for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Towa-ship or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township or Place.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or PerfoM shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Months next after the Offence shall be committed j and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if* upon a Trial, a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs M become nonfuhed, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Projection, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants Ml have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Power* to Lord

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted*

Lieutenant, &c. That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lwd not to extend to Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irebm4 or hh Magistrates, not or t^r Chief Secretary, or to the Privy Council of Ireland, (hah to extend beyond not extend or be held or deemed to extend to the case of any Alisa Jurisdiction*. arriving or being in that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom called Great Britain; and that the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to any Justioc of the Peaoe, Mayor or Chief Magiftmte of any City, Town or Place, shall not extend or be construed toexttnd to give such Magistrates any Authority to act beyond the Ia&H

of their respective Jurisdictions; any thing in this Act epatafed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall contiaue ri -force for the Period of Twelve Months.

Act amended,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may bp ahfcrvd, etc. amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in tins perfpit

Session of Pachament.

ait

Forests; and to remove Doubts as to Estates of The Crown, sold by Order of the said Commissioners, being exempted from the Auction Duty.

[l 2th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of 48G.^c. 73.

' the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to im- prove the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of ' His Majestt Dutchy of Lancaster, it was, amongst other things,

provided and enacted, that it should be lawful for the Surveyor (6.

General therein mentioned, with the Approbation of and by theDirection of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of 1 the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to con-

trad and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons holding any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Te- nements or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, for the Sur-: render of any jLeafe thereof, or to purchase and buy up any

Lease, or the Remainder of any Term of any Lease, of any Messuages, Lands, Premises, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, which might be convenient for the Public Service, and should by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the Consideration agreed to be paid for such Surrender or Purchase to the Body or Bodies or Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Money arising from any Sales theretofore made, and which might be vested in the Bank of England in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or which might thereafter arise from any Sale of any Property belonging to The Crown under that Act, or the several Acts therein recited: And Whereas it may be expedient and tend to the Improvement of the Possessions of The Crown, if the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty, s Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, were authorized and empowered to purchase and iuy up any Lease or Leases of any Term or Terms of Years, tibfifting of or in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or other Here-litaments belonging to The Crown, where such Houses, Buildings,

ands or Hereditaments, shall be wanted with a view to the mak-ig Alterations or Improvements therein, or in any other Houses, luildings, Lands or Hereditaments, belonging to The Crown, djacent or contiguous thereto, or for any other Purpose, ab lough the Came may not be wanted for any Branch of the Public ervice; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excel- Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may Commissioners, awful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His w, th Consent of efty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Tre>.fuJ3rJTTriay irobation and Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or of any fnPremifM Md ?e or more of the Lprds Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- of The Crows*, for the time being, to contract and agree with any. Body or es Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons holding any fes, BuddingyLands.or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, iv Term of Stans of Years under any Letters Patent, Lease, ife or jr*pt, Majesty, _ or any of His Royal Prede-

h any Inch Tersb pr the Surrender

212

Bodies Politic, fcc. m*y contrail for Sale o Pramifet.

Stamp Duty.

C. 55.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

such Terms; and such Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, whether the Possession of the Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, comprised in any such Term or Terms, Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, be wanted for the Public Service, or shall or may be required with a view to the making any Alterations or Improvement therein, or in any other Houses, Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to The Crown, near or contiguous thereto, or for any other Purpose, if the same shall, by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up for any such Purpose, and to pay the Price, or Consideration agreed to be paid for the same, out of any Money which has arisen or which may hereafter arise from the Sale of any Property belonging to The Crown, under the Management or Controul of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

II. And Whereas it may happen that the Person or Persons en-

titled to any such Term or Terms, or beneficially interested therein,

may be under Coverture, Infancy or other Disability, and be thereby ' or otherwise rendered incapable of contracting or agreeing for the

Sale or Surrender of any such Term or Terms, Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, or it may happen that such House3, Buildings,

Lands and Hereditaments, may be so devised, limited or settled,

as that the same cannot be legally or effectually fold, assigned, fur-

rendered or otherwise disposed of without the Aid or Authority of c Parliament; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Executors or Trustees, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Guardians, Trustees, or Committees or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments proposed to be purchased for any of the Purposes aforesaid, as shall be Feme Coverts, Infants, Lunatics, Ideots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of a fling for themselves, to contract and agree with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the time being, or any other Person duly authorized for that Purpose on behalf of His Majesty, for the Sale of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and to assign, transfer or surrender the same, and the subsisting Term or Terms therein^ and the Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, under which the same shall be held, to His Majesty or the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for His Majesty accordingly, and that every such Contract, Agreement, Alignment, Transfer or Surrender, shall be as good, valid and effectual m Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were made by a Person absolutely entitled thereto, and under no such Disability car Incapacity as aforesaid; and from and after the ExecuUonoFewoy such Assignment, Transfer or Surrender (and which shall nofrbe

' -liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever), all and every Teijtffor -Terms thereby assigned, transferred or Surrendered, " --afed for ever extinguished in the F  'J r-' -

discharged from all Rights, Title, Interests, Trusts, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of any Person or Persons whomsoever therein or thereunto, under or by virtue of any Will, Deed, Settlement or otherwise howsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Premisesin such Term or Terms as aforesaid, which shall be contracted for or ca, es of tocapa-agreed to be sold to or for the Use of His Majesty as aforesaid, shall "*y valued by be held by or in Trust for any Person or Persons under any Disability taki, s Th^tTIf* or Incapacity as aforesaid, or having only a partial or limited In- tj, ey cannot terest therein or Power over the same, the Value thereof and of the agree as to Premises therein comprised, shall, in every such case, be ascertained Value, who shall by Two able praSical Surveyors of Houses or Land, one of whom take fNw, Dishall be nominated by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and the Other by the Body Politic or Corporate or Person or Persons contrafting or agreeing to fell the ame; and if such Two Surveyors shall not agree in the Valuation hereof, then by such Third Surveyor of Houses or Land as the Two 1 appointed shall for that Purpose nominate; and each of the said Vo Surveyors (if they shall agree in and make their Valuation, or not, then the Surveyor so to be nominated by them as aforesaid) all annex to their or his Survey, Estimate or Valuation, when com-eted, an Oath (or being one of the People called Quakers, an Af-mation) to be subscribed by him, and taken before and certified'any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the United Kingdom,

10 is respectively herein authorized to administer an Oath or Af- _ raation in that behalf, the Form whereof shall be as follows

I A.B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm], That Oath,

1 the Survey, Estimate or Valuation hereunto annexed, was faith-ully and impartially made by me; and that the Value of the Pro-erty therein described is justly estimated therein according to the eft of my Skill and Judgment, and that all the Particulars stated lerein are true to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.*

lichOath or Affirmation, when so subscribed, taken and certified, Filed.

1 be filed with the said Survey, Estimate or Valuation, in the

-ce of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and

id Revenues for the time being, and the Price or Consideration to Consideration

aid or given for the Purchase of such Term or Terms shall in no for P^chafe.

be less than the Sum at which the same shall be estimated and

?d in such Survey, Estimate or Valuation as aforesaid.

I. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be con- Application of ed or agreed to he paid for the Purchase, Surrender or Assign- Purchase of any such Term or Terms, Letters Patept, Lease or Grant, Mo"e7 oresaidi by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corpor-, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under, any

>ility or Incapacity, or entitled only to any partial or particular e or Interest therein, or Power over the same, such Money shall, e the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred'is, with all copayment Speed be pad into the Bank of England*

Name and wxffiuthe Privity of the Accountant General of igh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there esr P 5 parte

214

C-SS*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18fy.

Application of Purchase Money where left than aool. and shall exceed aoL

Where less than aoL Purchase Money paid to Ferfona entitled to Renta.

parte the Purchaser, without Fee or Reward, to the IntCht that fufeh Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Appro* bation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, comprised in an/ such Term or Terms of Years, or demised or granted by any such Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, in the Purchase of other Messuages* Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled, to, for and upon such and the like Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Houses, Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so fold, assigned or surrendered as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited* or such of them as shall be then exiding, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Ac-epuntant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuitiesj and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities-shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Lanas or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then actually made.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where airy Money so agreed to be paid in the case last above mentioned shall be lets than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments so comprised in any such Term or Terms, or dCmifed or granted by any such Letters Patent, Lease or Grant, or of his, her or their Trustees or Trustee, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be 'signified m Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in such manner as hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at (he like Option ta Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and to be approved of by the said Commissioirers (fben Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hand* of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividend* arising thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so faf id the case be appncable, without obtaining or being required to obtain- the Lire&ion- or

tion of the Court of Chancery.*t'

VI. Provided also, and be it further efiacted, That vrfi&fc db nwbed' be paid a* last before mentioned 1

PoflMl^fbert'tujd in alt fofefc Afe*ftbe' Perfota Or PeWfca* ^ho i

A.D. rfuf. jf5*CflOlBL C. S5+

Letods or Hereditaments so contrasted to be ibid U aforesaid, of ia case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whettf Persons in Pof-any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any fe^011 deemed Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with en.t'lied to Pre* the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, ar?foownt<" pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities CoUrt of to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest Chancery, of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments comprised in such Term or Terms so to be purchased or for-rendered as aforesaid, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under them respectively, or under their Possession, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Premises, or to the Receipt of such Dividends or Interest, according to such Possession or Receipt, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied md disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the aid Court that such Possession or Receipt was wrongful, and that ome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to fudf Term or Terms, or the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredfc-aments, comprised therein, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

1 VIII. And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty ia feiaed in Right of His Crown of an Estate called Thornhill, fituste and being at Thornhill, in the Parish of Sfallbridge, in the*

County of Dorset, for the natural Life of Carolina Matilda Elphm-ston (now the Wife of George Elphtnsion Esquire, residing at Co* penhagen, in the Kingdom of Denmark, and late the Widow of John Cree, deceased), subject to a Lease thereof granted by His Majesty unto Jams Archiek'tn Esquire, for a Term of Ninety nine Years, commencing from the Tenth Day of G&ober One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, if the said Carolina Matilda Elphin-pon should so long live, at the yearly Rent of One hundred and one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence: And Whereas the said Estate is detached from any other Possessions of The Crown, and His Majesty* Interest therein being of so limited a nature, it ii not desirable that the same should be held or retained by The Crown: and it is apprehended that the same may be sold to adu vantage; and it is therefore expedient that Powers should be nven to the Commissioners of His Majesty1* Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the time being, to fell and1 dispose of His Majesty* Interest in the said Estate aend Premises f Be it therefore i&ed, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Commissionew Majesty* Woods, Forests and1 Land Retenues, for the time ith Content of ng, with tke Approbation erf the Lord High Treasurer, or of Three OffaOtfr of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Thornhill bs-the time bdftgtSo cootradl and agree for the Sue of and abfo* longing to ly (o make 8ifc*nd dispose of aS His Majesty's Interest in the Crown.

Estate, and dFMd* in all the Messuages, Lands and1 Heredita-u Ibrrno behfcijttg, msdof aRfife Majesty1* Right indlawwft

2l

C.SS-,

5 GEO. III.

A.B.I8IJ.

Ui

J4G.J. C.JO. { l6.

Purchase

in and to the same, at or for the best Price or Confidei*ation in Money "which-the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall be able to procure for the same; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from such last mentioned Sale or Sales, shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and be there placed to the Account raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Commissioners, being;: " The New Street Account, " and ftialL be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes, at. the Monies directed or authorized by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An dd for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The Crown, to be paid in, carried over or placed to the same Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioneri-Money paid into Of jis Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time herein'roen"^ being shall have contrafted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of the said Mansion House, Farm, Land and Premises called Thornhill, hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners shall grant to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, a Certificate under their Hands, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England, within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate; and the Caftliers of the Bank, or One of them shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified; and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in Schedule A. to this Act, or as near thereto as the circumstances of the case will admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Reapnue for the District within which the said Lands or Hereditamentpjfberein described are situate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the same under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and after such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective PurchaserSr their Heirs or Successors, shall by force and virtue of this Act be and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Possession of the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments fofiy the*v lively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the faroe j [uietly, freed and discharged from ali Claims and T hit Heir* and Successors.orofiany Pa

Stamp Duty.

A.D. 1815. 55# GEO>IIL; C. 55: 2Vf

thereof by the said Commissioners, by One of the Principal Clerks or other Officer*.in their or his Office; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the Purchasfer or respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed, and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned for or ia respect thereof, or of any Part thereof.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Certificate of son or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be Purchasf granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money Money* therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the pa^ and certifi-Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to enroll such Certificate, cate enrolled and the said Cashier's Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space within limited of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void; and the time* Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners shall, for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled nunc fro tutu, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XI. And Whereas there are in various Parts of His Majesty's Royal Forests sundry small Parcels of Land, which belong to and are the Property of some of His Majesty's Subjects, and in or over which laid (mail Parcels of Forest Land His Majesty has or is-entitled to certain Rights or Interests, which are of little Value to The Crown, and it may conduce to the more easy Care of the Rights of The Crown within the said Forests, as well as to the Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects, if Power was given to the v Commissioners of His Majesty1 s Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with the Content and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Lords Comroimoners of His Majesty's Treasury-for the time being, to make Sale of His Majesty's Rights and Interests in.and over such small Parcels of Forest Land Be it there->re enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commifw Commissioneti, oners for the time being of His Majesty8 Woods, Forests and Land with Consent of evenues, with the Approbation and Consent of the Lord High' Treasury may 'reasurer, or of any Three or moneof the Lords Commissioners of lis Majesty1* Treasury for the time being, to contract and agree on' Forest*  e behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with the Person or rfons to whom such small Parcels of Forest Land do or shall be-ig, for the Sale of and absolutely to sell and dispose of all the ghts and Interests of His Majesty, of, in, to or over any such small-reel or Parcels of Forest Land as aforesaid, and to make good and* eftutfl Conveyances of all such His Majesty's Rights and Interests ?rein to the Person or Persons purchasing the same, at or for the ft Price or Prices or Consideration in Money, which the said' mmissionert of His Majesty's - Woods, Forests and Land Reve-s, shall be able to procure for the same, such Price or.Pricea notig left than the Value which shall be Set thereon by the Surveyor-be employed Rvalue the same by the said Commissioners of His jesty's WoodipjRorefts and Land Revenues, all which Rights Interests of Htfthltyrfty so to be sold as aforesaid, shall be valued Jch and the like and the Price or Prices or Consideration

Money

ZI&

Conveyances made under Regulations prescribed by ja G. 3. c. i6x.

X7 G. 3.

19 G. 3. c. 56.

43 G. 3. e.d?.*

4JG.3. c. 30.

c*s$*

GEO. III

Money for the same ffiril bef paid to such Person or Persons andtbt Conveyance or Conveyances thereof may be made in the same Form and Manner, and such Sale or Sales shall be under such or the like Regulations and Restrictions as are mentioned, prescribed and <& rested in and by an Act passed in the Fifty Second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Ejfe3 the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for for* ther appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of eertoiit Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament} for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe; and for enabling the Commfftoners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Ec cleftastical Purposes, touching and concerning the Sale and Disposal of such small Parcels of Land, within any of the Royal Forecti, as are by such last mentioned Act authorized to be sold, or as near and similar thereto, mid under such or so many of the said Regulations and Restrictions as the circumstances of such His Majesty's Right# and Interests so by this Act authorized to be sold as aforesaid Will admit or allow of, or as may be applicable thereto.

XII. And Whereas an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to ' His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Person/ 4 all'ing ae Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods and other Things sold by Auction; and upon Indentureiy Leases, Bonds, Deedr and other Instruments: And Whereat ' another Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering, amending and en-

forcing so mack of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certctm Duties on Licences to he taken out by all Person/ 4 aBing as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, c Houftsy Goode and* other Things fold By Auction; and upon Indem tures, leases, Bonds> Deeds Gut other Instruments; as relates to the Method of granting LicedSipto AuSionCers, and to cotitSing the Duties on Estates and Goods fda by Auction: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hfe present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Dufies of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties m lieu thereof: ' Amf Whereas another Act passedi in the Forty fifth Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to' His Majesty fevered additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; Add Whereas Doubts' have been> entertained whether such Aftsdoef do not extend to any Sale or Sales by way o# Auftita^df

Estates or Chattels belonging to Hfe Majesty, to Right Crown, ibid at Auctiop by order of the ComiidfliotieiAr^fwMajestyV WoOdsyFoSefband Laud JUvedM/^

2*9

Estates or Chattels belonging or which shall Belong to His Majesty, der Order of th* his Heirs or Successors, which shall be made by order of the Com- Commissioners, miffiodtrt for the time being, of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to charge or subject any such Sale or Sales of any such Estates or Chattels, or the Auctioneer or Auctioneers by whom any such Sale or Sales shall be made, for or in respect thereof, with any of the Rates or Duties granted by the said ACb, or any or either of them, for or on Account of any such Sale or Sales, but that every such Sale or Sales, and the EHates or Chattels so fold, and the said Auctioneer or Auctioneers so far as respects any such Sale or Sales, shall be wholly exempt from all such Rates or Duties; any thing in the said recited Acts or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Schedule A. to which this Act refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of CONTRACT to be made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

JjY the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, These are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissibriers of His*

Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of

We A.B. and G D. Two Of the*

Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, havecon-raded and agreed with A. . of, for the Sale*

o the said A B. of all [ here describe the Ptciiiifcs to be sold, and the Lease granted thereof], for and during the natural Life of the said'

Carolina Matilda Elphinfton, subject to the said Lease, at or for the*

5rice or Sum of

of lawful Money bf Great Britain, to be paid by the said i. B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of ae Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Re-mues, being the New Street Account; and from and immediately'

: ter the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the lid Poirchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Re-mue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for and during the itarai Life of the said Carolina Matilda Elphinfton the said A. B* id his, [her or their] Heirs, [Successors] or Assigns, shall be judged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Pof-ulon of the said Hereditaments and Premisea, so by him [bet or em] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same, subject to the' id Lease, peaceably and quietly freed and discharged from all' aims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, arid" as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty,

Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the lame, such Sale had not been made. Given under our Hands^ this Day of, in the Yea* of our Lord jned by the itote A2s&ed T

form

C.JJ, 56.

A.D. 1815.

Ante, c.i.

15-

SS GEO. III.

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money

of Great Britain, being the Confederation Money expressed in the above [or, within] written Certificate. Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to transfer a certain Sum in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, now (landing in the Name of the Corporation of the Chefl of Greenwich, into the Name of the said Commissioners 5 and also to receive such Dividends as are now due upon such Annuities.

[12th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Services, and for the Consolidation of the Chejl at Greenwich

with the Royal Hospital there, it was, amongst other things, en-

acted, that all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Stock, Annuities or other Monies should, upon the

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be

(landing or being in Trust for or for the Use or Benefit of the said

Chefl, should, as soon as conveniently might be after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, assign and transfer such Stock, Annuities or other Monies as aforesaid, unto

the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen

at Greenwich, to be applied by them under the Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas the Sum of One million three hundred and fifty five thousand four hundred Pounds Interest or Share in the

Capital or Joint Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated. Annuities, created by an Act of Parliament of the Twentyfifth Year of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned into several Joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the South Sea House; and by several subsequent Acts is standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Name of the Corporate of the Chefl at Greenwich; and it is necessary for the better

tion of the said Act that the said Sum should be transferred into

4 Namq of the Corporation of the Commissionqra-and f  the Royal Hospital for Seamen at the Dissolution of the Corporation of t

*Greenwich, there are now no meant.6

the#AfrewaofD

221

The Kind's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConsentoT the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Power for it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation of the Commis- transferring Goners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at

Greenwich, and the said Corporation is hereby authorized, directed Confols from and required, by Power of Attorney, in their Corporate Name, and Name of Cor-to be executed under their Corporation Seal, to make, constitute and poration of Theft appoint any Person or Persons their true and lawful Attorney or At- Greenwich tornies, to assign and transfer the said Sum of One million three hun- CorpoAtion of dred and fifty five thousand four hundred Pounds Interest or Share Commissioner* in the said Capital or Joint Stock of Three Pounds per Centum and Governors Consolidated Annuities, into the Name of the said Corporation of the of Greenwich Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at HofP, tal-Greenwich, and also to receive all such Dividends as are now due and in Arrear upon the said Capital or Joint Stock; and such Person or Persons so constituted and appointed as aforesaid may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, required and directed to assign and transfer the said Sum of One million three hundred and fifty five thousand four hundred Pounds Interest or Share in the said Capital or Joint Stock, now (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the Name of the Corporation of the Chest at Greenwich, into the Name of the said Corporation of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich^ and also to receive all such Dividends upon the Capital or Joint Stocks as are now in Arrear,

0 be applied to the same Uses, Trulls and Purposes as are directed Dy the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Com- Bank indent-iany of the Bank of England and their Successors, shall be and n, fi*b

hey are hereby held harmless and indemnified from and against all Claims and Demands of or by any Person or Persons, Body or lodies Politic or Corporate, for or by reason or in consequence of ie Transfer of the said Sum of One million three hundred and fty five thousand four hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum 'onfolidated Annuities, hereinbefore authorized and directed to be ransferred, or in any manner respecting the same, or for or by ?afon or in consequence of the Payment by the said Governor and lompany of the Bank of England of the Dividends hereinbefore irested to be received; and the said Governor and Company of the ank of England shall not be required to fee to the Application of e said Dividends, nor be in any manner responsible for the Mif-jplication or Nonapplication thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Bills for Pay-

' this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Directors of ent Pen-

e said Royal Hospital, or any Five or more of them, to order and ou rot

rest that the Bills for the Payment of Pensions shall be made Out

such For* as to such Commissioners or Di rest or 8 may from time time appear to be most convenient and proper; and all such 11s shall be figfced by the Paymaster of Pensions of the said Royal ospital, or inf his -Absence from Sickness or otherwise, by his tief Clerk, or lie otherwise signed, as to the said Commissioners or rectors} or asjrJIri or more of thezxx^ shall, seem fit; and that

until

1X1

Form of Bill*

Fublic AQ.

9 Ann. e. t.

46.

42 G. 3. c. 77.

C. 56, 57. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

until the Commissioners or Directors of the said Royal 'Hospital flnQ otherwise direct, the said Bills shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

Royal Hospita^ Greenwich,

4 Sir*

4 PAY to B. D. of, in fix

County of)Out Pensioner of the Royal Hospital at

Greenwich, upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together with 4 a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens,

[or in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and In-

land called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and Two Elders] of the Parish where he resides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge and Belief, he is the Person named in such Bill, the

4 Sum of, being on Account of his Pension, if

the same shall be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Pay-

master of Pensions of the said Royal Hospital.

Paymaster.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justicea and others, without being specially pleaded-

CAP. LVII.

An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts, granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges.

[i2fh May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the V\ Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for mating good Deficiencies and satisfying the Public Debts, and fat ending a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, end for A>e Encouragement of the Fishery, and for Liberty to trade m pnwrought Iron, with Sulyeds of Spain, and to repeal the Acts far registering Seaman, whereby it is enacted that the Corporation to be established by the said Act called the South Sea Company, and their Successors, shall be entitled unto and vested in the foie Trade and Traffic into, unto and from all the Kingdoms, Lands, Countries, Territories, {Hands, Cities, Towns, Ports, Havens, Creeks and Places of America on the East Side thereof from the River <tf Qronoooo to the Southernmost Part of the Terra del Fuego, and on the West Side thereof from the Southernmost Part of the said Terra del Fuego through the South Seas to the Northernmost Part of America, and into, unto and from all Countries, {(lands and Places within the said Limits which were reputed to belqsg to tie Crown of Spain, or which shoukl thereafter be found out covered within the said Limits, according.toithe Dc " to the Exceptions and Lhnit&fc&t* & the

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. ni'

c*57* t

4 Ocean without Licence from the East India Compaq or the South

4 Sea Company; and by another Act of the Forty Seventh Year of 47 G.3. slt 1,

tie Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for repeating so c* J3*

much of on Ad made in the Ninth Year of Her late Majesty Queen

Anne asvcjls in the South Sea Companyj or Corporation by the fold 4 A3 ereSed, the foie and exclusive Privilege of carrying on Trade

and Traffic to and from any Part what Jo ever of South America,

or in the South Seas, which now are or may at any time hereafter be in the Pojfffion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: And

Whereas it nas now become highly expedient for the General Conv

merce of all His Majesty's Subjects, and for the Encouragement

and Security thereof, and the said Company have agreed that the idle and exclusive Right of the said Company to trade and traffic -to, from and with the Places within the Limits before mentioned and described, should from henceforth wholly cease and determine, and that Satisfaction should be made to the said Company for the Surrender of such exclusive Privileges, and for that Purpose it is necessary that a Guarantee Fund shall be formed, and certain Duties of Customs upon Goods imported and upon Tonnage should be granted for raising such Fund; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act passed in the Ninth Year of the 9 Ann. c. ax. Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne as veils or shall or may be $ deemed or taken to have vested in the said South Sea Company or Corporation by the said Act erected the foie and exclusive Privilege of Trade and Traffic into, unto and from all Kingdoms,

Lands, Countries, Territories, Islands and Places whatsoever within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, as described in the said recited Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, and all Powers, Rights and Privileges to the said South Company or Corporation by the said Act given and created for: arryiag on such foie and exclusive Trade and Traffic, and all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Act declared and enacted for ecuring the same, and for preventing His Majesty's Subjects from tarrying on Trade and Traffic contrary to the Provisions of the aid Act, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be bfolutely repealed, and shall be deemed and taken to have ceased rtpeaUd. nd determined from and after the passing of this Act, to all In-mts, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Guarantee Fund urrender of such exclusive Privileges, a Guarantee Fund shall be established, and >rmed and established under the Provisions of this Act, in some of afterwards trow-le Public Stocks or Funds of Great Britain, bearing Intersect atto South

ie Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and a separate oP"*y*

account shall be opened for that Purpose at the Bank of England, the Names of the Commissionerg for the Reduction of the National ebt of Great Britain, to be called The South Sea Company uarantee Fund, !' And when and as soon as such Fund shall amount the whole to a Capital Stock of Six hundred and ten thousand nr hundred andtay four Pounds Three Shillings, bearing an terest at Tbrnfionoda per Centum per Annumt toe laid Commtf-

ftoners

*4

C. 57.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Till Transfer made additional Dividend of One Half per Cent, n Trading Stock paid.

Before any Issue made to supply Deficiency Directors to lay Statement of Expenditure, &c. before Treasury.

Certain Duties of Customs levied for raising Guarantee

(loners shall forthwith transfer the same to the South Sea Company in full Satisfaction to the said Company, of and for the said exclusive Rights of the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That until a Capital Stock amounting in the Whole to the said Sum of Six hundred and tea thousand four hundred and sixty four Pounds Three Shillings, bearing an Interest at and after the Rate of Three Pounds ptr Centum per Annum, shall have been so created and transferred as aforesaid, the Court of Directors of the said Company, if the annual Income, Receipts and Profits of the said Company which are applicable to and have heretofore been applied in the Payment of One Half per Centum per Annum upon the Capital trading Stock of the said Company in Addition to the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable upon such Capital, shall not be sufficient to the Payment of such Dividend as heretofore, after Payment of all Expences incident to the Management of the said Company, shall state to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain the Amount of such Deficiency, and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required thereupon to order and direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after Payment of all preceding Charges thereon, of such Sum of Money to the said Company as shall be sufficient to make good such Deficiency so as to enable the said Company to continue to pay the said Additional Dividend of One Half per Centum per Annum upon the Trading Stock of the said Company.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in order that the Sum applicable to the Payment of such Dividend as aforesaid shall not be diminished by any unusual Increase of Expenditure in the Management of the said Company, so as to increase the Sum which may be required to make good any such Deficiency for the Payment of such Dividend as aforesaid, and in order to enable the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury to ascertain the due Application of the annual Income, Receipts and Profits of the said Company, before any such Issue as may be required to supply any fqch Deficiency as aforesaid, the said Court of Directors of the said Company shall upon such Statement as aforesaid, and when and so often as shall be required at any othe'r time or times by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury, or any Three or more of them, in that behalf, deliver to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury a full and particular Account of the Expences attending the Management of the said Company, and of the Application of the annual Income, Receipts and Profits, of the said Company, for the whole Period which shall have ehupfed since the Delivery of any such preceding Account, or which (haB be required by the said Lords Commissioners as aforesaid.*. t

V. And Whereas it is necessary that Duties of Customi-should be granted for the raising of fuch1 Guarantee Fund it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day- of Juie&One thousand eight hundred and fifteen j tlre shall be^'

collected and paid unto His Majesty, '"J

ready- Money, without any

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 57. 22$

Trade so heretofore granted to the said Company as aforesaid, other

than and except Blubber, Train Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, Seal

Skins, and other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas,

taken and caught by the Crews of British and Irish-built Ships or

Vessels, a Duty of Customs of Two Pounds upon every Hundred

Pounds Value of all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and upon

Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards

or Inwards at any Port within the United Kingdom,' or from any

Port or Place within the Limits of the said foie and exclusive Trade

so heretofore granted to the said Company as aforesaid, a Duty

of Customs of One Shilling and Six pence upon every Ton Burthen

of every such Ship or Vessel; any Law, Custom or Usage to the

contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Duties are and shall British Cur-

be payable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency, rency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by Duties on

this Act imposed, upon the Importation of all such Goods, Wares Goods ascertain-and Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be ascertained in the Manner^a?oth" and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, COrding to Value ind subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, thereof, lirested and imposed for ascertaining and collecting any Duties of Customs to be paid according to the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ire-md respectively, relating to Duties of Customs, and ascertaining such Talue for the Purpose of Payment of Duty; and in case any Goods,

Vares or Merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true ntent and Meaning of the said Acts respectively, then it shall be wfwl for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the me to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall: dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in ery respect in the manner prescribed in such case by the said Acts spectively, according to the Nature and Quality of such Goods, rare8 and Merchandize respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Ton- Duties on Ton-

Te hereby imposed on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or In- on

rds shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs appointed to ^ards or'out-eive the same, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel wards.

11 so enter Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the United ngdom, and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel being itish or Irish-built or British or Irish-owned, shall be computed I taken according to the Registers thereof under the Provisions of several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland, in relation eto respectively; and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Tel, in case of any Doubt 6r Dispute relative thereto, shall be rtained by Admeasurement in the mode and manner prescribed directed by any such Acts respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Duties under; oms by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of the United Management of Tdom called England shall be under the Management of the Cu onQS, &c' missioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom i Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commis-rs of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom.

55 Gxo. III. Q called

GoO^lc

Duties how paid.

c. 57.

j s GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Penalties, Sec. of former Acts in force.

Former Acts as to Regulations for ascertaining Value of Goods, &c. extended to Ad.

called Ireland shall be under the Management of the Commissioneri of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs

granted by this Act upon, for or in respect of the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and the Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, may and shall be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like manner and by the same means, ways or methods, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also by such special means, ways or methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the same Sorts or Kinds or Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed} and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, whereon Duties of Customs are by this Act charged upon the Exportation thereof from the United Kingdom, and all Ships and Vessels whereon any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares Or Merchandize, or Ships or Vessels whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force m Great Britain or Ireland respectively on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenue of Customs or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the same may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Direction* contained in any such Act or Acts, shall, unless where expressly altered by this Act, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put into Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament iu force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by which any Rules, " Conditions or Restrictions, were made, established Or 1 the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Ware* or I

r the remitting or allowing of any Dedudiw ofatty I

227

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 57.

account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Exportation from Great Britain or Ireland respectively, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain m full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commis- Application cf sioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland, Duties.

shall cause separate Accounts to be kept of the Duties of Custom9 which shall be collected and paid and received under the Provisions of this Act, and of the Net Produce thereof, and all the Monies irifing by the said Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares and Mer-: handize, and the Duties of Tonnage granted by this Act (the ne-: e(Tary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), hall from time to time be paid by the Commissioners of the Customs n England and Scotland into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and by the Commissioners of the Customs 1 Ireland, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland,

any Three or more of them, for the time being, shall from time time, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had or ob-ined in that behalf, cause to be issued at the Receipt of His Majesty's said Exchequer in Ireland, and to be paid into the Re-ipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, all such Monies shall be from time to time paid into the said Exchequer in Ireland der or by virtue of this Act; and all the Monies so paid into the; ceipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain (Kail be applied under Provisions of this Act in the raising and completing the said mrantee Fund, and for that Purpose there shall be provided and >t in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the said Exche-r in Great Britain, a Bpok or Books in which all the Monies ing from the said respective Duties shall be entered separate and rt from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs successors, upon any Account whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Money applied irter the Money in the said Exchequer of Great Britain arising quarterly in 1 the Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall be paid into P"rch*fe of 3ank of England, and to the Account of the Commissioners for tock to form ledudion of the National Debt of Great Britain, to 5 separate p-yni nte*

)unt to be opened and kept for that Purpose; the said Commis-r8 for the Reduction of the said National Debt shall and they ereby required, from time to time as soon as the same can con-ntly be done, to lay out the same in the Purchase of Capital c in such of the Public Funds or Annuities, bearing ah Interest errable at the said Bank of England, of Three Pounds per m per shall appear to theth most expedient, until the

Amount df Csbibl Stock required by this Act to form such mtee Fund ffiifthkve been p'urchafed.

[I. And be it rather enacted, That when and so soon as such When Gu-1 Stock (halT hl$e been purthafed, and such Guarantee Fund rante F"nd I and completedai aforesaid, the said Commissioners for the P ceaf Q 2 Reduction

228

C. J7, j8, 59. J5" GEO. III. A.D. 181j.

Consolidated

Fund.

Limitation of Adioni.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Aft varied, fee.

Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, shall certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, who shall forthwith cause Notice thereof to be published in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and from and after the time to be mentioned in such Notice, the Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall cease and determine; and all Sums of Money arising from such Duties which shall remain in Great Britain by reason of any Payment of such Duties, after such Guarantee Fund shall have been completed as aforesaid, and before the Publication of such Notice, shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and all Sums so remaining as aforesaid in Ireland, shall in like manner go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other cases to recover Costs by Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

post, c. 141.3

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[12th May 1815.]

[Not to excud 18, 000,000l. See post. cc. 74. 169.]

CAP. LIX.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, to insure the proper and careful Manufacturing of Fire Arms in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms.

[12th Elay U115.]

22p

55 GEO. III.

C.$9-

are amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by The King's. Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of Using in pro-

this Act, every Person who shall use or begin to use, or cause or ages J

procure to be used, or to be begun to be used, either by ribbing, p-ire of

break-off fitting, rough-ftoeking, or other Process, in any progressive Barrel* not duly

State of Manufacture in the making, manufacturing or fini filing of proved.

any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol or other Description

of Fire Arms, usually called Small Arms, any Barrel which shall not have been duly proved and marked as proved at the Proof

House of the Company of Gunmakers of the City of London, or at

the Proof House established under the Provisions of the said recited

A A (so long as such respective Proof Houses shall be maintained for

proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms) or some Proof

House belonging to His Majesty, or other Proof House to be efta-

blished as a Public Proof House (and which Public Proof House His Majesty is hereby authorized and empowered to establish under such

Regulations, as to the Care and Management thereof, as His Majesty shall think fit), shall respectively forfeit for each and every 3arrel so used or begun to be used, or caused or procured to be ifed, or to be begun to be used, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Penalty.

'ounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Barrels of Fire f this A A, every Barrel for the making of, or proper or applicable Arms fentdireft )r the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, from Manufac-r any other Description of Fire Arms, usually called Small Arms, Pirers to tail be sent immediately from the Manufactureers themselves to the ou M' roof House of the Company of Gun Makers of the City of London,

to the Proof House established under the Provisions of the said cited AA (so long as such respective Proof Houses shall be main, ined for the proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms), or ne other Proof House established by Law, before the same shall delivered, or caused or procured or permitted to be delivered or it for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, or be removed, consigned transmitted, or caused or procured to be removed, consigned or insmitted for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, to any Person whatever; and, from and after the passing of this A A, every Person Delivering, &e.

0 shall deliver or fend, or cause or procure to be delivered or for Sale except

t for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, or who shall remove, through a Preof

figo or transmit, or cause or procure to be removed, consigned*oufc*

ransmitted for Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, any Barrel for the

ting of, or proper or applicable for the making of any Gun,

vlipg Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or any other Description of

e Arms usually called [Small Arms, from the Place where the

e shall have been manufactured, which shall not have been first

r sent to the Proof House of the said Company of Gunmakers

he City of Jjmdon, or the said Proof House at Birmingham, or

; other ProoPHouse established by Law, to be proved and marked

r the Provisid&of the said recited Act, shall forfeit for each

every Barret fbSffct, or caused or procured to be sent for Sale,

ndei* PrWrt<$^bfoale, or removed, consigned or transmitted,

used or procured? to be removed, consigned or transmitted for

Sale,

230

[Penalty.]

C. 59.

55'

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Receiving Barrels of Fire Arms for Purpose of making Guns, &c. not having patted Proof House and been proved.

[Penalty.]

Charter to Gunmakers.

Proofmaster of Company of Gunmakers of City of London, to receive, &c. Barrels of Guns; &c.

Barrels not proved, &c.

Sale, or under Pretence of Sale, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall take or receive, or cause or procure to be taken or received, or permit or suffer to be received on his behalf any Barrel, for the Purpose of making or manufacturing, or proper or applicable for the making or manufacturing of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or other Description of Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, directly or indirectly from the Manufacturer thereof, or from any other Person on his behalf, except from or through some one or other of such Proof Houses as aforesaid, or unless the same shall have been first. duly proved and marked as proved at the Proof House of th^ Company of Gunmakers of the City of London, or the Proof House established under the Provisions of the said recited Act (so long as such respective Proof Houses shall be maintained, for proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms) or some other Proof House belonging to His Majesty, or other Public Proof House established as a Public Proof House by Law, shall forfeit for each and every Barrel so received, or caused or procured to be received for the Purpose, or proper or applicable for the Purpose aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

IV. And Whereas a Proof House has for a long time past

been established and provided, for proving the Barrels of Fire

Arms, in or near the City of London, under the Management and Controul of the Company of Gunmakers of the City of London, under and by virtue of a Charter heretofore granted to the said Company; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Barrels for the making or proper or applicable for the making or manu-fasturing of Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbusses, Pistols, and other Description of Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, which shall hereafter be taken to the Proof House of the said Company of Gunmakers of the City of London for Proof, shall be proved by their Proofmaster for the time being, with Powder of equal Quality to the Powder which is now used by the Honourable Board of Ordnance, and according to, or not under the Scale or Table of Proof mentioned and set forth in the said recited Act; and the Person having the Charge, Care and Management of the Proof House of the said Company of Gunmakers of the City of London shall receive all Barrels sent, consigned or transmitted to the said Proof House for Proof, and pirove the same, and cause all such Barrels, after the same have been proved, and fif found to be Proof) marked, to be delivered to the Persons for whom such Barrels are directed, upon Payment of all such Charges as shall have been incurred in respect of the Carriage and Delivery of such Barrels at the Proof House, and of the said Company's Charges for proving the same, and of the keeping of the same for Proof, and Pelivery^ereof to the Person for whom the same are intended or shall be drafted tf> b delivered to after Proof.; and> in case any Barret fp lent to thfc fodUlroof

to be proved 'shall not be received

df be delfoefad or-fey^SM^b*

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 59.31

Gunmakers of the City of London for the time being; then and in every such case, the Person so having the Charge, Care and Management of such Proof House for the time being, shall forfeit for each and every Barrel which shall not be received and proved in manner before mentioned and for each ant: every Barrel which shall be so delivered or parted with, or permitted to be delivered or parted with or taken away, which shall not have been so proved, and (if found to be Proof) marked as proved as aforesaid, the Sum of Penalty.

Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, Not to extend to That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to Scotland or Ire-extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to land, or toArm* that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland (except as to the Majesty's East Forging Marks, as in this Act after mentioned) or to the proving in(jja Company, of any Barrels used in the manufacturing of any Musket, Pistol, or or certain Bar-other Fire Arms, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces* or for the rel* spedfied.

Honourable East India Company, or to any Barrels of the De-

feription herein after mentioned; videlicet, any Barrels in the forged Ground, ftnished or in any other State of Manufacture, which mall be made or consist of Stub or twilled Stub Iron, or other Barrels usually termed bell Barrels; (which said last mentioned Barrels may be and are hereby allowed to be sent, bought or received for the Purposes aforesaid, in any Number not exceeding the Number of Twenty, without being subject to any of the Penalties of the said ecited Act or this Act, except that nich Barrels shall be liable to he Penalty for using Barrels not duly proved and marked); and lothing in this Act contained is to exempt or be construed to xempt such last mentioned Barrels from being proved and marked as equired by the said recitedAft and this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Forging, &c.

f this Act, every Person who shall, in any Part of the United Proof Marks, or 'ingdora, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged &c. Bar-

counterfeited, of assist or join in forging or counterfeiting, any Mark* forsed [ark or Stamp used or which may be used at any Proof House for

roving and marking Barrels in pursuance of the said recited Act,

Ihau wilfully or knowingly fell or offer for Sale, or use in the aking or manufacturing of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, stol or other Description of Fire Arms as aforesaid, any Barrel ished, welded or forged, or in any other progressive State of Ma-fasture, whereon shall be any Mark or Stamp which shall be ged or counterfeited in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark or imp so used or to be used at any such Proof House, shall respect-ly forfeit and pay for each and every such Barrel whereon any h forged or counterfeit Mark shall be, any Sum not exceeding

renty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after men- Penalty, led.

/II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Proof Marks his Act, if any Proof Master or Assistant Proof Matter appointed put on Barrels o be appointed under the said recited Act, or any other Person or not Proved*

Tons shall, in any Part of the United Kingdom, put, place or: e, or cause or procure to be put, placed or struck, or shall ngly aft or assist k the putting, placing or linking any Mark Stamp-used or tfhfeb may be used at any Proof House for r

Q 4 proving j

23*

C.J9-

55 GEO. III.

A: D.i8i5i

[Penalty.]

53 G. 3. c. 115. 7. in part repealed.

Prices for proving Barrels.

proving and marking Barrels in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, upon any Barrel finished, welded or forged, or in any other progressive State of Manufacture, for the making of, or proper or applicable for the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol or other Description of Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, which shall not have been duly proved at the Proof House established and maintained under the Provisions of the said recited Act (so long as such Proof House shall be maintained for proving and marking the Barrels of Fire Arms), every Person so offending shall forfeit for each and every Barrel on which he, she or they shall put, place or drike, or cause or procure to be put, placed or (truck, or shall willingly act or assist in the putting, placing or (Inking any such Mark or Stamp as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

VIII. And Whereas the said Company are by the said recited Act authorized to fix and regulate from time to time the Sums to

be paid for such Proofs, so as that no higher Sum than One Shilling shall in any case be demanded, taken or received, in respeff

of any one Barrel brought to such House to be proved and marked

under the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as authorizes the said Company to fix and regulate the Price of proving such Barrels, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to fix and regulate from time to time the Sums to be paid for such Proofs, so as that no - higher Sum shall in any case be demanded, taken or received for any Barrel which shall be proved at such Proof House, and marked as proved under the said recited Act or this Act, than ii herein after mentioned and set forth; that is to say,

First, For any common Birding, Spanisti, Dutch, Carolina Musket, Carbine or other Barrel, not being made of Twilled or Stub Iron, nor above the Calibre of Six Eighths and an Half, any Sum not exceeding Six pence for each and every Barrel:

Secondly, For every Pair of plain Iron or Brafa Holder or Saddle Pidol Barrels, any Sum not exceeding Six pence for each Pair:

Thirdly, For every Barrel made of Twided or Stub Iron, any Sum not exceeding Nine pence for each and every Barrel; and for every Pair of Stub or Twided Pidol Barrels, any Sum aot exceeding Nine pence for each Pair: And,

Fourthly, For any Barrel above the Calibre of Six Eighths and an Half, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for each and every Barrel j any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That any and all Offence and Offences against this Act shall and may be heard and determine in a summary way by or before any Two of His Majesty'a

the. Peace for the County, Riding, Division,. City, Towj^J^fcjty or Place, where any such Offence or, Off^ceft shall tetgttun&lBl't and jthe^C Oath c

*33

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 59.

not exceeding the Sums hereinbefore mentioned; and One Half thereof shall be paid and payable to the Informer, and the other Half thereof to the Overseera of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and such J11 dices may award and direct to be paid by any Party such Cods as they shall judge reasonable; and in case any such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, or Penalty or Penalties and Cods, shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, and the Person so convicted shall not signify his Intention to appeal against such Conviction, and forthwith enter into Recognizance before such Justices, himself in the Penalty of a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Penalty fixed as aforesaid, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of a Sum equal to the Amount of the Penalty fixed as aforesaid, each of lawful Money of Great Britain, with condition to personally appear and prosecute such Appeal at the next General Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town,

Liberty or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall have been charged to have been committed, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, cause the same Penalties and Cods to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Limitation of respective Companies of Gun Makers, their Officers, Servants or Prosecution*. Agents, shall not, nor shall any of them be subject or liable to any Prosecution or Information by virtue of this Act or the said recited

Aa, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless such Pro-"ecution shall be commenced or Information given within Six Calen-lar Months next after the Offence or Offences committed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices, before whom Form of Con-iny Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences viaion. igainst this Act, may cause any such Conviction to be drawn up on Parchment or Paper, in the Form or to- the Effect following; that

8 to say,

}' DE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

is conviaed before us [naming the Justices-\ of

His Majesty's Justicen of the Peace for the County of [or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Town or Place] for that the said [hereJlate the Offence] contrary to

the Statute made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King 53 O. 3., 115. George the Third, intituled An Act to injure the proper and careful manufacturing of Fire Arms in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms, and contrary to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Aff, [here set forth the Title of this Act-\:

And we the find Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said'f for the dud Offence to forfeit and pay

the Sum of- 'lO of lawful Money of Great Britain j: and do order One thereof to be forthwith

paid

SS' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

C.jp.

Conviction

filed.

Appeal.

Colls.

Final.

Imprisonment

Appeal.

Notice.

Recognizance.

paid by him the said to

4 \the Informer'] and the other thereof to the Overseers

of the Poor of the Parish of \where the Offence was committed]:

4 And we the said Justices do also award and direct the said ' forthwith to pay to the Sum of for Costs. Given under our Hands the Day

and Year above written.*

And every such Conviction shall be transmitted by such Justices to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Session9 of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Conviction to the next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, wherein such Offence was committed; and the Justices in or at the said next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid to either Party; which Decision shall be final; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be confirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeitures or- Penalty mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, such. Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where any such Offence may have been committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Costs shall be sooner paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall feel himself or themselves aggrieved by any of the Acts, Orders or Proceedings of the said Trustees, Guardians and Wardens, or either of them, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Warwick-such Appellant (if there be sufficient time after the cause of such Complaint shall have arisen) first giving or causing to be given Eight Days* Notice at least in Writing of his or their Intention of bringing' such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Netieefif' required), entering into Recognizance before some Justice o&tfee* Peace for the said County, with Two fuffio*ent/Sureties cond^Oi^ to try fn^i Appeal, audited* the Orderrt& 0pjir auditory

A.D. 18IJ.

55 GEO. III. C. 59. 235

Recognizance may be made at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County; and the Justices at such First or Second Sessions shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Coils to the Parties appealing or appealed against as Costs. they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive to Final, all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Sessions may also by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Per- Distress. fons who shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, and for want of sufficient Distress, commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain Imprisonment. for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of: ommenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in Actions. pursuance of this Act, and the said recited Act, until after Thirty Days' Notice in Writing shall be thereof given to the Guardians,

Trustees and Wardens of the Gun-barrel Proof House of the Town of Birmingham, nominated and appointed by, or to be chosen and lested under and by virtue of the said recited Act, or their Sob* itor for the time being, or to the Matter or Warden of the Com-any of Gunmakers of the City of London for the time being, or fter sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after Six Calendar donths next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Iftions, Suit or Suits shall be so brought; and all such Actions or uits, shall be laid and tried in the County, City or Place where the !ause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant r Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, and every f them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the General Issue. id recited Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or rials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing r or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be ought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority, of this Act d the said recited Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit as brought before |Thirty Days' Notice was given, as before dieted, or that, sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered or paid: o Court as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be mmenced within the time before for that Purpose limited, or shall laid in any other County, City or Place than as aforesaid, then; Jury ffiafl find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits,

11 become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action Actions, Suit or Suits, or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given the Defendant or Defendants therein; then and in either of the 5 aforesaid, u$i Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble Costs. Is, and shall have such Remedy and Remedies for recovering Came, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for the Re-; ry of his, her or their Costs in other cases by Law.

C. 59* 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Proof House

Accounts

audited.

55 G. 3. c. 115. 4. in part repealed.

Company of Guardians, hr. of Gun-barrel Proof House of Birmingham incorporated.

[Public Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Accounts of the said Proof House (a), and of aB Sums of Money to be paid, laid out and expended in the Conduct and Management thereof, and carrying on the same, and of all Sums to be paid in respect of any interest or Principal of any Sums advanced and expended under the said recited Act or this Act, in the building, completing and establishing the same, and of all Sums to be received under the Provisions of the said Act and this Act, shall once in each Year be audited by some Justice of the Peace acting at Birmingham or within Seven Miles thereof. (a)[i. e* at Birmingham. Qu.]

XVII. And be it furthe^enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as enacts that the Lord Lieutenants of the respective Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Stafford, and the Persons serving in Parliament for the said Counties respectively for the time being, and Robert Wheeler, John Adams, Thomas Archer junior, Richard Sutherland, John Heely, John Oughton, William Ryan, Bartholomew Redfern, John Williams Keene, John Smith, William Allport, John Jones, George Jones, Gad Parsons, Joseph Bunney, and their Successors, to be chosen in manner thereinafter directed, should be a Body Politic and Corporate, and called or known by the Name of "The Guardians, Trustees and Wardens of the Gun-" barrel Proof House of the Town of Birmingham, " for the Purpose of proving, or calling to be proved, in the manner directed by the said recited Act, ill Barrels for Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunder-busses, Pistols, and every other Description of Fire Arms which should be brought to the Proof House at Birmingham to be proved according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the Lord Lieutenants of the respective Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Stafford, and the Persons serving in Parliament for the said Counties respectively for the time being, and Robert Wheeler, John Adams, Thomas Archer junior, Richard Sutherland, John Heeley, John Oughton, William Ryan, Bartholomew Redfern, John Williams Keene, John Smith, William Allport, John Jones, George Jones, Gad Parsons, Joseph Bunney, the High and Low Bailiff for the Town of Birmingham for the time being, and all Acting Magistrates residing within Seven Miles of the Town of Birmingham, and their Successors to be chosen in manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Body Politic and Corporate, and shall be called or known by the Name of "The Guardians, Trustees and Wardens of the Gun* " barrel Proof House of the Town of Birmingham " for the Purpose of proving or causing to be proved, in the manner directed by the said recited Act, all Barrels for Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blun-derbuffe8, Pistols, and every other Description of Fire Arm* which shall be brought to the Proof House at Birmingham to be proved according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, atfd ftfell be jud Notice of as such by all Judges, Justiceffc " speftfclly pleaded.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

C.Go.

a37

CAP. LX.

An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the same.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS the consolidating the several Laws relating to the Payment of the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money, due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, and making such further Provision respecting the same, as from Experience has been found to be necessary, would be attended with

great Advantages to that Description of Persons; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the Ninth and9& to W.3. Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the c. 41.

Third, intituled An Act for the letter preventing the Embezzlement

of His Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamen's Wages, as relates to the Crimes of person-ating Seamen, and of Forgery therein mentioned, and of personating the Wives, Relations or Creditors of such Seamen (0); and to Let-3*

ters of Attorney and Wills made by such Seamen; and also so much 6.

Df an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late aoG.a. c. 14.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better fe-

: uring the Payment of Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy, to the

Royal Hospital of Greenwich, and for preventing the Embezzlement of

Goods and Stores belonging to the fold Hospital, as relates to such 6.

Letters of Attorney; and also so much of an Act passed in the Thirty 31 g. a. c. x.

irft Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

atituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal

Vavy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punBual, frequent

nd certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more eastly

nd readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Fa-

lilies, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments,

s relates to Letters of Attorney made by inferior Officers or Sea-  ax,a.

len in the Service of His Majesty, or by the Executors or Admini-

rators of any such Seamen; and to the Sum to be taken for the 23.

Voting and suing forth of the Probate of any Wills or Letters of

cdmimstration, granted to the Widow or Child, Father or Mother,

rother or Sifter of any inferior Officer, Seaman or Marine; and 44.

so as to the Crimes of personating or falsely assuming the Name or

harafter of any Officer, Seaman or other Person, or the Executor

Administrator, Wife, Relation or Creditor of such Officer, Seaman

other Person, and of Forgery, and taking Or procuring any other srfon to take a false Oath therein mentioned; and also lo much of

Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present9 G. 3. c. 30. Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in 5*6.

Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to the irbour Moorings of the Royal Navy, and for the more effectual efervation of futb Harbour Moorings, and Punishment of Persons

(a) [$$$ I G. I. Stat, 2. c. 25. f 7, 8.]

guilty

C. 60.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

guilty offiealing or embezzling His Majesty's Naval Stores, or 0} Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamen's Wages, as relates to the Crimes of Forgery or Perjury therein mentioned, and to the Abft raft of the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act (a) thereby directed 216 G. 3. c. 63. to be used; and also an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His Majesty 's Ships } and also an Act passed in 32 G. 3. c. 34. t}ie Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present majesty, intituled An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His Majesty's Ships; and for further extending the Benests thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships; and also so much of an 32 G. 3. c. 67. Act passed in the said Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships, and residing in Ireland, as directs Ab ft rads  i4-6. thereof, and of other Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, to be made out, printed, hung up and read in His Majesty's Ships and 49 G. 3. c. 108. Vessels; and also so much of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal  i  5* Navy, as relates to the executing and attesting of Wills made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, before or after their Entry into His Majesty*? Service, and to the Authority given to such Persons, after their Discharge from such Service, to give Orders for the Payment of Sums to a u* $ 5, mited Amount, on the Treasurer of the Navy; and also so much of the same Act as describes who shall be deemed Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Ma- io. rines; and to the Penalty of forging and uttering the Signature, of any Minister, Churchwarden, Elder or Inhabitant of any Parish; S J7* and also so much of the same Act as inflifts Penalties on Prodors

54 G. 3. c-93* 7. repealed.

or other Persons for delivering Letters of Administration or Probates of Wills, to any other Person than the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy; and on Agents for paying Prize Money under any other Authority than the Check therein mentioned; and affo so much of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navjg Prins Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment t " Greenwich Hospital, as directs that all the Provisions, f lations, Forfeitures and Penalties respectung^the ]

Prize Money, and the accounting for r -

C. 60.

*3*

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

granted by Parliament, and other Monies in the Hands of Prize Agents as therein mentioned; shall be, and the same are hereby severally repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; save and except Exceptions, as to any Offences or Crimes which may have been or shall be corti-mitted against the said Acts or any of them, before the Commencement of this Act, and the Prosecution and Putiishment of such Offences or CrimeB; and also save and except as to all Letters of Attorney and Wills made by such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commimoned Officers of Marines, and Marines, prior to the Commencement of this Act; all which said Letters of Attorney and Wills shall be of the same Force and Effect, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as the same were subject to under the said recited Acts or any of them before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Will made by any Petty Mode of execm-Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, '"g Letters of before his Entry into His Majesty's Service, shall be valid to pass or and

bequeath any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other 1 Allowances of Money, to accrue due for or in respect of the Service of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer af Marines or Marine, in His Majesty's Navy; and that no Letter )f Attorney to be hereafter made by any Petty Officer or Seaman,

'Jon Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be or hall have been in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

>r by the Executors or Administrators of any such Petty Officer t Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall e good, valid or sufficient to empower or entitle any Person or Prions to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowance of Money f any Kind, due or to grow due for the Service of any such Petty )fficer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, n board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, hifc Heirs or Successors, unless such Letter of Attorney shall be declared to be revo-ible by the express Words thereof; and that no such Letter of ttorney shall be good, valid or sufficient to empower or entitle ty Person or Persons to receive any such Wages, Pay or other Uowance of Money; nor shall any Will made or to be made by ty such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of larines or Marine, who shall be or shall have been in the Service of (is Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at any time since, be good, lid or sufficient to bequeath any such Wages, Pay or other Al-vance of Money, or any Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to jw due, to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned ficer of Marines or Marine, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will peftively shall contain the Name of the Ship to which the Person curing the same belonged at the time, or to which he last be-ged; or in case such Letter of Attorney shall be made by an ecutor, or Administrator, shall contain the Name of the Ship to ich his or her Testator or Intestate last belonged in his Life-e; and also in every case a full Description of the Degree of 'ationship Or Residence of the Person or Persons to whom or in )fe Fayour, either as Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Ex-ton, the same shall be granted or made; and also the Day of Month and Year and the Name of the Place when and where same shall hav&been executed; nor shall any such Letter of orney or Will be ^bod, valid or sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid,

C. 6o

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

said, unless the same respectively shall, in the several cases herein after specified, be executed and attested in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, In case any such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at any time or times whilst they shall respectively belong to and be on board of any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as Part of the Complement thereof, or be borne on the Books of any such Ship or Vessel as a Supernumerary, or as an Invalid, or for Victuali only, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the Captain or other Officer having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, or (during the Absence of such Captain or other Officer on Leave or on separate Service) by the Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel for the time being; and who, in that case, shall state at the Foot of such Attestation the Absence of fucft Captain or other Commanding Officer from -such Ship or Vessel, at the time of the Execution of such Will or Letter of Attorney, and the Occasion thereof; or in case of the Inability of such Captain or Commanding Officer, by reason of Wounds or Sick-ness, to attest any such Will or Letter of Attorney, then, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the First Lieutenant or other Officer next in command of such Ship or Vessel, who shall state at the Foot of such Attestation the Inability of such Captain or Commanding Officer to attest the same: In case any such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in any of His Majesty's Hospitals, or on board of any of His Majesty's Hospital Ships, or in any Military or Merchant Hospital, or at any Sick Quarters either at Home or Abroad, unless such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the Governor, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent or Chaplain of any such Hospital or Sick Quarters of His Majesty, or by the Commanding Officer, Agent, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon or Chaplain for the time being of any such Hospital Ship, or by the Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent, Chaplain or Chief Officer of such Military or Merchant Hospital, or other Sick Quarters, or one of them: In case any such Letter -of Attorney or Will shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Transport Service, or in any Merchant Ship or Vessel, unless the same fhafibe executed in the Presence of and attested by some Commission or Warrant Officer, or Chaplain in His Majesty's Navy, or some Commission Officer or Chaplain belonging to itis Majesty's Land Forces or Royal Marines, or the Governor, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, or Agent of any Hospital in His Majesty's Naval ojJMili-tary Service, who may happen to be then on board of such 15nnf-port, or Merchant Vessel, or by the Master or First Mate ofiuch Transport or Merchant Vessel, or One of them: In (afe.agftduch Letter of Attorney or Will shall be made b -

or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of J he shall have been discharged from His Mli uch

Letter of Attorney ftpUoe made 1

C. 60.

241

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

of Marines or Marine, unless the same (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside in London or Westminster, or within the Bills of Mortality) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by the Inspector for the time being of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney, or his Assistant or Clerk; or unless the same (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside at or within the Distance of Seven Miles from any Port or Place where the Wages of Seamen in His Majesty's Service are paid) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by one of the Clerks in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy resident at such Port or Place; or unless the same (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside at any other Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey % Jerfejy Alderney, Sari or Man) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or by the Minister or Officiating Minitter or Curate of the Parish or Place in which such Letter of Attorney or Will shall be executed; or unless the same (if the Party making such Letter of Attorney or Will shall then reside in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or any Colony, Plantation, Settlement, Fort, Factory, or any other Foreign Possession or Dependency of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Settlement within the Charter of the East India Company) shall be executed in the Presence of and attested by some Commission or Warrant Officer or Chaplain of His Majesty's Navy, ir Commission Officer of Royal Marines, or the Commissioner of the Mavy, or Naval Storekeeper at One of His Majesty's Naval Yards,

)r a Minister of the Church of England or Scotland, or a Magistrate or principal Officer, residing in any such Istand, Colony* Plantation, Settlement, Fort, Factory, or other Possession or De-lendency of His Majesty, or Settlement within the Charter of the 7, ajl India Company (or if the Party making such Letter of At-: >rney or Will shall then reside at any Place not within His Majesty's Dominions, or any Settlement, Fort, Factory, or other oreign Possession or Dependency of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succors, or any Settlement within the Charter of the East India Com-iny), unless the same shall be executed in the Presence of and at-: sted by the British Consul or Vice Consul, or some Officer having Public Appointment or Commission, Civil, Naval or Military ider His Majesty's Government, or by a Magistrate or Notary ublic, of or near the Place where such Letter of Attorney or Will all be executed.

III. And Whereas divers Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, have made their Wills, nd died whilst they were Prisoners of War in Parts beyond the leas; and Doubts nave arisen whether such Wills, and also Letters of Attorney made and executed under like circumstances, are; ood, valid and sufficient to bequeath or to empower any Person to eceive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Al-wances of Money of any Kind, due at the respective times of aking such Letters of Attorney, or of the Deaths of the Parties spectively, by leafon that the same were not executed and attested the manner directed by the said recited ActU or any of them; id it is therefore expedient to provide, that such Letters of At-rney and Wills lbalh in certain cases* be good and valid; Be it 55 G*0. III. R there-

C. 60.

i4*

Letters of Attorney, Sec. executed in Foreign Prisons valid, if attested as herein mentioned.

55 GEO. IK.

A.D. 1815.

Seamen's Wills not in same instrument with Letter of Attorney.

Wills, &c entered on Muster Book.

Letters of Attorney and Wills examined by Inspector, and approved if found authentic.

therefore enacted, That every such Letter of Attorney and Will, which have or hath been, or which at any time or times hereafter shall be made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at any time or times whilst they were or shall be respectively Prisoners of War in Parts beyond the Seas, are and shall be a3 good, valid and sufficient, and of such and the same force, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been respectively executed and attested in the manner required by the said recited Acts or any of them; provided every such Letter of Attorney or Will shall have been executed in the Presence of and attested by some Commission or Warrant Officer of His Majesty's Navy, Commission Officer of Royal Marines, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Agent or Chaplain to some Naval Hospital, or some Commission Officer, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon or Chaplain of the Army, or any Notary Public; any thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; but so as not to invalidate or disturb any Payment which hath been already made under any Letter of Administration, Certificates, or otherwise, pursuant to the said recited Acts or any of them, in consequence of the RejeSion of any such Wills as may have been rejected by the Inspector of Sea-men's Wills for want of the due Attestation thereof, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Will of any Seaman, contained, printed or written in the same Instrument, Paper or Parchment, with a Letter of Attorney, shall be good or available in Law, to any Intent or Purpose whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Commanders of Ships shall, upon their Monthly Muster Books or Returns, spedfy which of the Persons mentioned in the said Returns have made or granted any Letter of Attorney or Will during that Month or other Space of time from the preceding Return, by inferring the Date thereof opposite the Party's Name, under the Heads of " Letter of Attorney, " or " Will, " or both, as the case may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any such Letter of Attorney or Will, as in this Act mentioned, shall be attempted to be acted upon or put in force, the same shall be sent to the Treasurer of the Navy at the Navy Pay Office London, in order that the same may be examined by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Letters of Attorney, who, or his Assistants, shall immediately on Receipt of every such Letter of Attorney and Will, duly register the same respectively, in a numerical and alphabetical manner, in separate Books to be kept for that Purpose, specifying the Date of such Letter of Attorney or Will, the Place where executed, and the Name and Addition, Names and Additions of the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Fayour, either as Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Executors, the same shall have been granted or made; and also the Names and Additions of the Witnesse* attesting the font, and shall mark the said Letter* of Attorney and Wills, with Number* corresponding with the Numbers made on the Entries tfaereot'kuthe said Books; and the said lafpe&or fhaRvtjtke all due5^r- meaiw to ascertain the Autbenticil

AdV^itffialUpp

ril .90

C. 60.

243

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

he shall forthwith give Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Favour such Letter of Attorney or Will shall have been granted or made, either as Attorney or Attornies,

Executor or Executors, that the same is flopped, and the' reason thereof, and shall also report the same to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, and shall enter his Caveat against such Letter of At- Caveat, torney or Will, which shall prevent any Money from being had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or Paymaster; but if upon such Ex* animation and Enquiry it shall appear to the said Treasurer, Pay-tnafter or Inspector, that such Letter of Attorney, or Will is authentic, the said Inspector, or his Assistant, shall sign his Name to such Letter of Attorney or Will, and also put a Stamp thereon in Token of his Approbation thereof; and the said Inspector, or his Assistant, shall, as to such Letters of Attorney which, shall have been so approved and signed as aforesaid, forthwith send to such Attorney or Attornies a Check, signed by him the said Inspector or his Assistant, specifying the Number of such Letter of Attorney, the Name and Addition of the Person granting the same, the Name and Addition of the Person in whose Favour the same is granted, the Date and Place when and where executed, and the Names of the Witnesses attesting the same, which said Check shall be a sufficient Authority for the said Attorney or Attornies to demand and receive ?ayment of, and to give Acquittances for all such Wages, Pay or >ther Allowances of Money, to which the Person granting the same vas entitled for his Service on board any of His Majesty's Ships or / effels.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Letter of Attorney No Letter of lade or executed by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commis- Attorney passed oned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be passed, stamped and by Inspector flowed by the said Inspector, until a Certificate shall be produced un"l Certificat*)him from the Captain, or Commanding Officer of the Ship or pr0 ucc eflel to which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned 'fficer of Marines or Marine belonged, during the time for which le Wages, Pay or other Allowances to be received under or by rtue of such Letter of Attorney, became due; which Certificate all be in the Form following, or to the like Effect

' No.

'J'HESE are to certify, That A.B. has served as on board of His Majesty's Ship ny Command, from the to the

Dated the of

Form.

under

A.B.

s Feet Inches high, is

f a Complexion, and aged Years.'

llefs such Power of Attorney shall have been made and executed board the Ship or Vessel to which such Petty Officer or Seaman, n Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine belonged, 'in the nner and Form directed by this Act, or unless reasonable Cause 1 be shewn to and allowed of by the said Treasurer, Paymaster 'nfpe&or, for difpealing with such Certificate.

rIII. And be it enacted, That where any Petty Officer or Sea- Executors to, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall obtain Probat*

: belonged to anyjship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or of Wills in man-R 2 Successors, m'n'

Successors, hat died, or shall hereafter die, having left a Will or Testament appointing any Executor or Executors therein, no Pay, Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, which may have been due or owing to such Testator at the time of his Death, shall be paid over to or recovered by such Executor or Executors, except upon the Probate of such Will, to be obtained in the following manner; videlicet, after such Will shall have been so transmitted, registered, inspected and approved, as hereinbefore directed, the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers of Attorney shall issue or cause to be issued, to the Person named and described ai Executor or Executrix of such Will, a Check in lieu thereof, containing Directions to return the same, upon the Testator's Death, to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy; which Check shall be in the Words and Figures, or to the Purport or Effect following; that is to say,

4 No.

CHECK.

Navy Pay Office, i?

4 JT being directed by Act of Parliament, 55^ Geo. III. Cap.

that Wills granted by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, belonging to His Majesty's Navy, shall be lodged in this Office for the Purposes therein specified; and that a Check shall be issued for every such Will, mentioning the particular Heads thereof, which by virtue of the said Act shall stand in the Place of the same: This is therefore

issued to shew the Receipt at this Office, of a Will dated at [or,

4 on board of] upon the Day of

made and executed by A.B. now or formerly

of His Majesty's Ship in Favour of C.D. and appointing E. F. Executor [or, Executrix] and which is attested bj 4 G. H and J. K. The said E. F. upon the Testator's Death, u 4 entitled, upon Production of this Check, to demand of this Office, that the said Will may be directed and sent to a Proctor in Do8on 4 Commons to obtain a Probate thereof, which Probate is also to

be lodged in this Office; I

now apply

for a Certificate, to enable me to obtain Probate of the above mentioned Will, being the Executor [or, Executrix] therein

named.  My Place of Abode is at

(Signed) . F1*

WE hereby certify, That we personally know the above fob*scribing E. F, the present Holder of this Check, who is an Inhabitant of this Parish; and that we believe him [or, her] 4 to be the Person described as Executor, [or, Executrix] 4 therein.

4 L.M.

' N.O. uo.

4 Both Housekeepers of the Parish of in the County of

245

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 60.

being the Executor [or, Executrix] of the Will of the*above named A.B. as he [or, (he] represents himself [or, herself] to be; and that I am Satisfied with their Answers, and have Seen the said E. F, sign the said Petition or Appli- cation, and the said L. M. and N 0. sign the said Certificate in my Presence.

The said E. F. the Executor, [or, Executrix], is Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes,

4 Hair, Age, particular Marks.

At

this

Day of

P. Q. Minister.

4 N.B. If the Testator shall die after he leaves the Naval Service, a Certificate of his Burial, or some other authentic Proof of his Death, mull likewise be Sent to this Office.

If the Executor [or, Executrix] knows any Proctor in Doc*

ton Commons, he [or, (he] is desired to mention his Name,

that he may be employed in obtaining the Probate.

The above Application and Certificates are to be filled up and signed upon the Testator's Death, and the Check to be sent by the General Post, under Cover directed to the Treasurer, or, to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London

And in the Event of the Testator7s Death, the Minister, Officiating Duty of Miaif-Minister or Curate of the Parish in which the said Executor or Exe- ter, &c.

: utrix may then reside, shall, upon being applied to for his Signature o the Certificate at the Foot of the said Check, examine such Exe-: utor or Executrix, and such Two Inhabitant Householders of the ?arish, as may be disposed to sign the First Certificate on the said ?heck, touching the Claim of the said Executor or Executrix; and icing Satisfied of his or her being the Person described as Executor r Executrix in the said Check, the said Executor or Executrix lall subscribe the Application Subjoined to the said Check (the Hank therein being first filled up agreeably to the Truth), in the refence of the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate; and e said Two Inhabitant Householders mall also subscribe the said irft Certificate on the said Check (the Blanks therein being first lied up agreeably to the Truth) in the like Presence; for which spefiive Purposes the said Executor or Executrix, and the said [oufeholders, shall attend at such Time and Place, Times and Places, the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall appoint; d the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall sign the cond Certificate on the said Check (the Blanks therein, and in*Description thereunto Subjoined, being first filled up agreeably the Truth); and the said Executor or Executrix shall, before his her Examination, or his or her signing the said Application, pay the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, a Fee of Two F*. filings and Six pence for his Trouble on the Occasion; and the 1 Application and Certificates, being in all things completed ac-ding to the Directions therein and hereby given, the same shall be ismitted by the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, by General Post, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster the Navy, Lond/mt and the said original Will having been passed damped m thfc jnanner directed by this Act, the Inspector of nen's Wills, or his Assistant, shall note thereon the Amount of ft J the

C. 6 o,

24 6

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

the Wages due to the Deceased, as calculated on the Search sent to the Inspector from the Navy Office, and shall forward such Will to a Proctor in Do8ors Commons, in order to his obtaining Probate thereof: And in case the Executor or Executrix shall not reside within the Bills of Mortality, the said Inspector shall also forward to such Proctor a Letter addressed to the said Minister, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

No. Navy Pay Office,

c Reverend Sir, 18

4 T AM directed by Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III. Chap.

to forward to you the inclosed Commission [<?r, Requisition]

for the Purpose of swearing E. F. therein named as Executor [or,

Executrix] of the Will of A.B. late a Seaman [or, Marine] in

His Majesty's Navy, deceased, which Commission, [or, Requisition] ' when executed, you will be pleased to return, addressed as follows:

To the Treasurer [or, To the Paymaster] of His Majesty's Navy, g London,.specifying and describing the Receiver General of the ' Land Tax, the Collector of the Customs, or of the Excise, or

Clerk of the Cheque, whose Abode is nearest to the Executor

[or, Executrix] and who will be directed to pay him [or, her]

the Wages due to the Deceased.

The Copy of the Will may be delivered to the Executor [or, ' Executrix.]

' I am, Reverend Sir,

Your moll obedient Servant,

4 J. P. Inspector.

To P. Q. Minister of the Parish

of in the County of

Duty of Prolor. And such Proctor having received the said Will, and the said Letter so written by the Inspector (in case such Letter shall be necessary), shall immediately sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, or take such other proper and legal Steps as may be necessary towards enabling the said Executor or Executrix, so applying for Probate of the said Will, to obtain the same; and shall enclose in the said Letter such previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal or necessary Instrument, with Instructions for executing the same, and also a Copy of the said Will; and the said Letter and Inclosures shall be forwarded to the said Minister by the General Post, agreeably to the Address put thereon by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Minister shall immediately upon the Receipt of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other Instrument, take such Steps as to him may seem proper or necessary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other Instrument, directed by the Proctor employed in Doctors Commons to be executed, and the same being so executed, he shall transmit the same to the Treasurer or to the rfy-Residence of m4fter of His Majesty's Navy. the Perfofc "

Probate of VfM, fhdlbe aniidSfe* r

St*,. BSfce, ^rtW.gv

Specified. -Probste "

Duty of Minif-ters on receiving Commissions.

C. 60.

247

55 GEO. III.

lector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, who may be most convenient or nearest to the Person applying for such Probate; and the said Treasurer, Pay mailer or Inspector, shall, immediately upon Receipt thereof, fend the said previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal Instrument, executed by the Person applying for the Probate as aforesaid, to the aforesaid Proctor in Doctors Commons, who, in pursuance thereof, shall forthwith sue out and procure such Probate.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Petty Officer or Wages of Per-Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall sons dying ntef-have belonged to any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or tate Pa|d only Successors, has died, or hereafter shall die intestate, leaving any Jlration obtairTed Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of in m3nner herein Money of any Kind due to him, in resped of Services in His mentioned. Majesty's Navy, the same shall not be paid unto any Represen tatives of such Intestate but upon Letters of Administration to be obtained in the following manner; viz. the Person or Persons claiming such Administration shall fend or give in a Note or Letter to the said Inspe&or, Hating his or her Place of Abode, and the Parish in which the same is situate, the Name of the Deceased, the Name of the Ship or Ships to which he belonged, and that he or she has been informed of his Death, and requesting the Inspector to give such Directions as may enable him or her to procure Letters of Administration to the Deceased, or to the like Effect; upon Receipt whereof the said Inspector shall fend or cause to be lent, by Course of Poll, under Cover to the Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate of the Parish or wherein the said Claimant shall reside, a Petition or Paper in the Words and Figures following, or to the like Purport and Effect

4 No.

4 LIST.

# ift Degree Widow.

2d

4 3d 

4 4th 

' 5th 

4 6th - 7th  4 8th  4 9th  4 10th 

Child.

Father.

Mother.

Brother or Sister.

Grandfather or Grandmother. Uncle, Aunt, Nephew or Niece. Cousin German.

Cousin German once removed. Second Cousin.

4 Sir,

4 Having obtained Information that A.B. born about the Year

at and belonging

to His Majesty's Ship about the Year

died at in

the Month of One thousand eight hundred and without leaving any Will, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, I now apply for a Certificate to enable me to obtain Letters of Administration to his Efieds,

being his lawful and foie [or, One of his] nearest of Kin; no one to the

bell of my Knowledge and Belief of a nearer Degree being living at the time of the Death of, the said Deceased, who died a Bachelor [or, Widower]. 

4 My Place of Abode is

4 C. D.

We hereby certify, That we personally know the above subscribing C* D. and believe what he [or, Ihe] has Hated to be true.

4 E.F.

4 G*H.

both Inhabitant Householders of the Parish of in the County of 4 4 I hereby

C.tfo.

148

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

I hereby Certify, That I have examined the above named C.D. 4 who claims Administration to A. J?. late a belonging to

His Majesty's Ship and also the above named E. F.

and G. H. (Inhabitant Householders of this Parish) as to their

Knowledge of the said C- D. and of his [or, her] Right to ad* 4 minister to the Effects of the said A> B. and that I am Satisfied ' with their Answers, and have Seen the said C. Z). sign the above

Application or Petition, and also Seen the said E. F. and G.H. 4 Sign the above Certificate.

The said C.D. is Feet Inches high. Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, Age, particular Marks.

4 At

this

Minister.'

tnfpeftor, Duty of.

Minister, &c. how to att.

Day of 18.}P-G-

N.B. If the Person applying is the Widow of the Party deceased, (he mult forward an Extract from the Parish Re-

gifter, or Some other authentic Proof of her Marriage.

If the Deceased died after he had left the Naval Service, an Extradfc from the Parish Register'of his Burial, or some other authentic Proof of his Death, mud likewise be Sent to this

Office.

If the Person applying knows any Proctor in DoRors Commons, Ihe [or, hej is desired to mention his Name, that he may be employed in obtaining the Letters of Admini-

stration.

' This Application, when filled up and attested, is to be Sent by the General Poll, under Cover, directed to the Treasuror or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London .'

And the said Inspector shall at the same time fend or cause to be sent to such Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, a Letter, acquaint* ing him with the Nature of the Claim and the Steps to be taken thereon, in pursuance of the Directions herein after in that behalf contained; and also fend or cause to be sent, in like manner, to the Claimant a Letter, advising him, or her, of the forwarding of the said Petition or Paper under Cover, to such Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, and directing him to take such Steps as are herein after directed, for the Purpose of substantiating his Claim to the Satisfaction of the said Inspector; and upon Receipt of the said Petition or Paper and Letter, the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, shall, on being applied to for his Signature to the said Paper, examine the Claimant, and also such Two Inhabitant House-holders of the Parish as may be disposed to sign the First Certificate on the said Paper, touching the Right of such Claimant to the Administration to the Effect s of the Intestate, according to the Degree of Relationship stated in such Petition, and being satisfied of such Right, the Person claiming such Administration shall fill up or cause to be filled up, the several Blanks in the First Part of the said Paper, according as the Truth may be, and subscribe the same in the Pri* fence of the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, and the said Two Inhabitant Householders shall also fpblbribe the Ffirft.Certificate on the said Paper (the Blank % .^fa^ seeing, r^1

agreeably to the Truth) in the like for 1

Porpofea the said Claimant and the Use nd Pface. Tiinfe. imiUBUlk 1

c. 6o.

i* Geo. m.

Officiating Minister or Curate shall sign the Second Certificate upon the aforesaid Paper, (the Blanks therein and in the Description thereunto subjoined, being first filled up agreeably to the Truth); and the said Claimant shall, before his or her Examination, or his or her signing the said Petition or Application, pay to the said Fee* Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence for his Trouble on the Occasion; and the said Paper being in all things completed according to the Directions therein and hereby given, the same shall be returned by the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, by the General Post, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy, London, who upon receiving the same shall direct the Inspector of Seamen's Wills to examine the same, and make such Enquiry relative thereto, as may appear to him necessary in that behalf; and being satisfied, he shall forthwith make out a Certificate in the Words and Figures following, or to the like Purport or Effect

' By Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III. Chap.

No.

1 Certificate to obtain Letters of Administration.

' Navy Pay Office,

l8

TJAV1NG duly examined an Application made to this Office, 1 by C.D. of in the County of

Hating that ffie [or, he] is the of A.B. originally of

and late a Seaman [or, Marine] belonging to His Majesty's Ship who died intestate a Widower [or, Bachelor] on the Day of 18. and without

leaving auy One of a nearer Degree of Kindred to him; and it appearing that no Will of the Deceased has been lodged in this Office, I therefore grant this Abstract of the said Application, and certify, that I believe what is therein Hated to be true; and also that the said C.D. may obtain Letters of Administration to the Effects of the said A.B. deceased, which Effects appear not to exceed the Sum of provided always, that

(he Tor, he] i6 otherwise entitled thereto by Law.

J'. P. Inspector.*

To

Proctor in Doctors Commons*

1 N.B. The previous Commission or Requisition (if such should be necessary) is to be addressed agreeably to the Superscription of the within Cover in which the same is to be endosed,

and forwarded by the Proctor; and when such Commission

or Requisition shall be returned to this Office, it will be for-( warded to him, and he is then to sue out Letters of Adraini-< stration, and fend them to the Inspector, with his Charge noted thereon.*

nd after filling up the Blanks in the said Certificate, as the case ly require, the said Inspector shall sign and address the same to a oftor in Doctors Commons s and in case the Person claiming Ad-listration shall not reside within the Bills of Mortality, the said peftor shall at. the same time endofe and fend with such Certifi-e a Letter addressed to the Minister and Churchwardens, or Eiders, he case may be^ of the Parish within which such Person then shall de, signifying the Transmission of such Commission or Requisition,

by

C. 60.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

If Minister, &c. reject Petition, to state realons to Treasurer of Navy.

Ministers on receiving Commissions to procure Execution, and transmir them to Pay Office.

Residence of neared Receiver General of Land Tax, &c. specified. Administrauon btained.

for the Purpose of swearing the Claimant as Administrator or Administratrix as aforesaid; provided to the best of the said Ministeris or Curate's Belief, he or she answers the Description contained in the same; and intruding him to return the Commission or Requi. fition, when executed, under Cover, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London, and to Specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, whose Abode is nearest to the Person applying for such Administration, and who will be directed to pay him or her the Wages due to the Deceased; and the Proctor to whom such Certificate shall be addressed and sent, shall, immediately upon Receipt of the same, sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, if necessary, or take such other Steps as may be proper towards enabling the Person so applying for Letters of Administration, to obtain the same, and shall enclose such previous Commission or Requisition, or other legal and necessary Instrument, with Instructions for executing the same, in the Letter so to be addressed to such Minister, by the said Inspector, aslaft aforesaid, and shall forward such Letter and Enclosures by the General Pod, agreeably to the Address put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, the Paymaster of the Navy, or the said Inspector.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate shall reject the said Petition or Paper for want of Proof to his Satisfaction of the Claimant being the Person entitled to Letters of Administration of the Deceased's Effects, such Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, shall (late his reasons for such Rejection on the said Petition or Paper, and forthwith return the same, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy as aforesaid 5 and in case no Application shall be made to him the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate by the Claimant, or no effectual Steps shall be taken by such Claimant, so as to complete the said Petition or Paper, and the Certificates thereon, within the Space of Two Calendar Months from the Date of the Inspector's Letter accompanying such Petition or Paper, he the said Minister, Officiating Minister or Curate, shall at the Expiration of that time forthwith return the said Petition or Paper, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of the Navy as aforesaid, with his reason for doing so noted thereon.

XII. And be it enacted, That such Minister shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Letter as aforesaid, with the previous Commission or Requisition or other Instrument enclosed therein, take such Steps as to him may seem proper or necessary for procuring the execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other Instrument transmitted by the Proctor to be executed; and being so executed, he shall transmit the same to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Letters of Administration shall be or reside at a Distance from the Place where the Wages, Prize Money or other Allowances of Money due to the Deceased, are payable, he or they shall Specify and describe the Receiver General of the Laffid T ax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Cle^irf the (

convenient at hearest

C. 60.

251

the person applying for the Administration as aforesaid, to the Proctor employed in Doctors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith sue out and procure Letters of Administration in Favour of the Person so applying for the same, in the Manner and Form above mentioned, to the Estate and Effects of the Person who has so died Intestate, as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Letters of Trejfurer or Administration, or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration P*yn*after of with Will annexed, have been obtained, and passed the Seal of the |nf^l0r^proper Court in the manner hereinbefore directed in the different i(rue Check, &c. Events hereinbefore specified, the Proctor who hath sued out the same shall immediately fend such Letters of Administration or Probates of Wills, and Letters of Administration with Will annexed, addressed to the Treasurer or to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, together with a Copy of the Will, and an Account of his or their Charges and Expences in obtaining the same; which said Charges and Expences shall not exceed the Sum or Sums herein after allowed to be charged in the different Events herein after specified; and the said Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, upon receiving such Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, shall direct the Inspector of Seamen's Wills or the Person authorized to act for him, to issue or: ause to be issued a Check containing the Heads of such Letter* tf Administration, or Probate or Will, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, as the case may be; and the said In-peftor, or the Person authorized to act for him, shall note thereon he Amount of the said Proctor or Proctors Charges and Expences, trovided the same shall be at and after the Rates herein after allowed

0 be charged; and likewise specify and describe upon the said ?heck, the Revenue Officer or Clerk of the Cheque residing as foresaid, nearest to the Administrator or Executor so to be named

1 such Check, if such Communication shall have been made to him

hich Check of Letters of Administration, or Letters of Adminif-ation with Will annexed, so prepared, shall be delivered over by im to the said Administrator; and which Check of Probate of Will tall be delivered over by him to the said Executor, together with te Copy of the Will which shall have been so transmitted to him by le Proctor or Proctors in Doctors Commons, the said Copy being rft stamped by the Inspector, if the said Administrator, or the id Administrator with Will annexed, or the said Executor, as the ife may be, shall be present or demand the same in Person; but if shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, then and in at case the said Inspector shall deliver such Check and such Copy-

Will to the Deputy Paymaster; which Check shall be in the llowing Form, or to the like Effect

' No.

CHECK.

' Navy Pay Office,

Day of

rT being directed by Act of Parliament, Fifty fifth George Third,

Chap. c that Letters of Administration and

?robates of Wi$j^ granted to the Representatives of Petty Officers nd Seamen, N05 Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marine* iclonging to His Majesty's Navy, shall be lodged in this Office* s Vouchers to the Treasurer for Payments made thereon, and

that

C.<5o.

2*2

SS'G EO.m.

A.D. 1815.

Proctor not to deliver Letter of Administration with Will rq-nexed but to Treasurer or Paymaster of Navy.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

How recovered.

Expence of furng out Probate, &c.

that a Check shall be issued for every such Administration and

Probate of Will, and Administration with Will annexed, specifying

the particular Heads thereof, which, by virtue of the said Act,

shall stand in place of the same; this is therefore issued to shew ' the Receipt at this Office of [Letters of Administration, Probate

of Will, Letters of Administration with Will annexed] granted

to C.D. of in the County of

as [Administrat Execut Administrat

with Will annexed] of A- B. kite of His Majesty's Ship

Dated the Day of

' No.

Remittance Bill, to be addressed to at

The aforesaid [Letters of Administration, Probate of Wfll,

' Letters of Administration with Will annexed] were sued out

by Proctor in DoSors Commonly whose Charges

amount to

' J, P. Inspector.

c To the Deputy Paymaster of the Navy.*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Proctor, Registrar or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court, shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Letters of Administration, Probate of Will or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, to any other Person or Persons than the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, or the said Inspector, in the manner directed by this Act, such Proctor, Registrar or other Officer of such Ecclesiastical Court, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay any Prize Money due to a deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Com-xniffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, under any other Authority whatever, than the Check directed by this Act to be issued by the said Inspector, or Person authorized to officiate for him, such Payment shall be null and void; and the Agent or Agents so paying the same, shall forfeit for every and each such Offence a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of the Prize Money so paid by him or them, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and to be sued for, recovered and levied, with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, either in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, or in the Name of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, or any other Person by his Authority; in which Action no Effom, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Ecclesiastical Court or Registrar or Registrars of such Court, or any Proctor or other Person whatsoever, shall, under any Pretence, take and receive any more for the Stamp, Seal, Parchment, Writing, Fees and Trouble attending the furng forth the Probate of saw Will or J

Jt.

l.D. iSij.

55 GEO. III. C. 600

*s

tall remain due to such Warrant or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non 'ommissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the time of his Death, r for or in respect of his Services in His Majesty's Navy, than the sveral Sums specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B.) wording to the different Circumstances therein expressed: Provided Provif#. nevertheless, that if at any time or times hereafter any Increase or Diminution shall take place in the Stamp Duties now payable on Pro-ates of Wills or Letters of Administration to the Effects of Warrant r Petty Officers or Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines r Marines, or on any Instruments connected therewith, then and in uch case the Charges for such Probates and Administrations shall nd may be increased or diminished to the Extent of such Alteration a the Stamp Duties, but no further or otherwise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers, proctors,. 'roAor or ProAors, or any other Person or Persons shall presume to taking mors akfe any more than the several Sums allowed and directed to be taken, dian allowed, n the different Events specified in the said Schedule hereunto an-lexed marked (B.) for the Charges of Probates, Letters of Ad-ninistration, Commissions and Requisitions, in the manner therein particularly mentioned and expressed, the Person or Persons so >ffending shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved the Sum of Fifty Penalty.

Pounds to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt,

Jill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Re-

: ord at Westminster, or elsewhere, together with full Cods of Suit,

n which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One

imparlance shall be allowed; or if any Registrar or other Officer of Rsgiftrar, &c

iny Ecclesiastical Court shall knowingly or wilfully be aiding or "ding, See.

duffing in procuring Probate of the Will or Letters of Admi-

listration, for the Purpose of enabling any Person or Persons to

eceive the Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Allowance of Money of

my Kind, due or becoming due for the Services of any Petty

)nicer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine

>n board any Ship or Ships then or formerly belonging to His

iajesty or his Predecessors, or Heirs or Successors, otherwise than

1 the manner prescribed by this A A, every such ProAor, Registrar

r other Officer, shall for ever after be incapable of aAing in any

Capacity in any Ecclesiastical Court in Great Britain, and shall for

ich One ace forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to penalty.

e sued for, recovered and levied by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint

r Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at

7efiminsters and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture

all be and belong to His Majesty, his HeirB and Successors, and

e other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue

r the lame, together with full Costs of Suit, in which no Essoin,

oteAion, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be owed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when- Treasurer or IT any extraordinary Pains, Trouble or Expence shall attend the Psynufter to hg out Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration reafoxubl*

She Will annexed, to the Widow or next of Kin, or Probates Chtr*e* ills to the Executors of any such Petty Officer or Seaman,

1 Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the ProAor who jfued out the^fre, may, in Consideration thereof, make an Act-S in Proportion the said extraordinary Pains, Trouble and

Expence,

C. 60.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18i;

Yc94

Sums not exceeding zcL paid on Certificate.

Expence, to his or their Bill of Charges and Expences; and which appearing reasonable, the Inspector shall allow and pass the same; but if the same shall appear to the said Inspector unreasonable or ex* orbitant, he shall refer the same to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, which Treasurer or Paymaster, in case he shall disapprove of such Bill, shall cause the same to be returned to Doctors Commons to be checked and taxed by the Registrars, or any One of them, or by the Deputy Registrar3 or any One of them, who are hereby directed so to do without Fee or Reward, unless the said Charges and Expences shall have arisen in consequence of any Litigation or Suit respecting the obtaining or suing out such Letters of Administration, Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or Probate of Will; in which case the said Registrars or Deputy Registrars shall be permitted to charge and take the Fee of Three Shillings and Four pence.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be due for the Services as aforesaid, of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine deceased; in order that the Widow, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor in any Will or Testament of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, may not be put to great Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Seamen's Wilis, after having taken the previous Steps to ascertain the Justness of their respective Claims to Probate or Administration, or Administration with Will annexed, in like manner as he has been hereinbefore directed to take, in cases of granting Certificates to Doctors Commons, for Letters of Administration, or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, or for Probates of Wills, to issue or cause to be issued a Certificate in the following Form, or to the like Effect j*Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III.

No.

CERTIFICATE.

Navy Pay Office, Day of

TJAVING duly examined a Claim presented to me as Inspector

of Seamen's Wills, &c. by A.B. of in the County of stating that he [or, she] is the

of C.D. originally of and lately a Seaman

[or, Marine} belonging to His Majesty's Ship and who

died at on the I therefore

hereby certify. That I believe the Contents as therein stated to be

true; and also, that the said A.B. is entitled to receive whateverWages, Prize Money and other Allowances of Money, may be

due to the said Deceased, provided the Amount thereof does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Remittance Bill to be addressed to

Certificate to when Mimed.

J.B.

To the Deputy Paymaster of the Navy[#ho shall takeGaiktt>note hereon all Sums which he JhaUrjtty* Orj upenithe Au^ioeity of the famjfe^Jta 1 "

tfchififcC '

GEO. III. C. 66.

25;

they shall be present; but if he or they shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, then and in that case the said Inspector shall specify and describe upon the said Certificate, the Revenue Officer redding as aforesaid nearest to such Widow, next of Kin, or Person named as Executor, and shall deliver such Certificate to the Deputy Paymaster.

XIX. And Whereas Frauds have been frequently practised on the Representatives of deceased Petty Officers and Seamen, Non

Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, by Person9 falsely ' pretending to be Creditors of such deceased Petty Officers and Sea-

men, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines For Creditors of

Prevention whereof be it enacted, That no Letters of Administration Seamen admi-

shall be granted to any Person or Persons as a Creditor or Creditors ", fterinS de-

of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer J^cVuV of of

of Marines or Marine, deceased in order to enable or entitle any Barnes and

such Person or Persons to receive the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, PUcs of Abode

Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money of any Kind, due to

any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of

Marines or Marine, for or in respect of his Services in His Majesty'a

Navy; but that all and every such Person and Persons claiming to be such Creditor or Creditors shall be entitled to receive from the

Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy, the Agent or Agents

: or Prizes, or the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or from any Person or Persons, other than the Executor or Administrator of such

leceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of

Marines or Marine, the Amount of his or their Claim or Claims,

>ut of such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, as may be due to such Petty Officer or ieaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the ime of his Decease, or as far as such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, lounty Money or other Allowance of Money will extend for that 'urpose, on such Ascertainraent and of the Amount of

is or their Claim or Claims, as herei ntioned; that is to

y, every such Person so claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors, all deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Inspector an Account Writing, signed with his, her or their Name or Names dating the articulars of his, her or their Demand, and specifying the Place or laces of his, her or their Abode, verified by the Oath or Oaths, Oath,

(if such Person or Persons be a Quaker or Quakers) by the ffirmation or Affirmations in Writing of such Person or Persons,

One of them, taken before some One of His Majesty's Justices the Peace, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice of the ace is hereby authorized and empowered to adhunifter; upon Receipt of which said Account the said Inspector is hereby e&ed, with all convenient Speed, to cause an Advertisement to Adverttfement. inserted once in Three Public Newspapers printed and published Londont also Three times in one Public Newspaper printed and )lished at the nearest Place where any Public Newspaper shall be ited and published to the usual Residence (if known) of the next Kin, or to the Place where such deceased Petty Officer or Sea-1, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall appear lave been boro* in case such Residence or Place shall not appear )c within the.BSjs of Mortality, signifying that a Creditor or iitort of the fa&fed Petty Officer or Seaman, Nop, Commissioned

C. 60.

Sr GEO. III.

Books, &c.

produced.

proviso.

missioned Officer of Marines or Marine, hath or have applied to the Treasurer of the Navy for a Certificate to obtain Payment of hi % her or their Demand; and thereupon if the next of Kin, or the Executor or Executors of the Will of any such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall within Six Calendar Months from the Date of such Advertisement, petition the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for a Certificate to enable him, her or them to obtain Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will of any such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the said Inspector shall cause Notice in Writing to be given to such next of Kin, Executor or Executors, of the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons so claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors of the deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and the Amount of the Debt or Debts claimed by him, her or them; and shall also in like manner cause Notice in Writing to be given to such Creditor or Creditors of the Place or Places of Abode of such next of Kin, Executor or Executors, and such next of Kin, Executor or Executors, shall be at liberty to petition for a Certificate to obtain such Administration, or to prove such Will, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Advertisement; but in case of his, her or their neglecting so to do for the Space aforesaid, that then the said Inspector, or any other Person authorized by the said Treasurer or Paymaster in Writing so to do, shall proceed to investigate the Account of such Creditor or Creditors; for which Purpose the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, is hereby empowered and directed to require from such Person or Persons having delivered such Account, to produce before him all Books, Accounts, Papers, Vouchers and other Documents relating to such Demand; and in case such Person or Persons shall produce such Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers or other Documents, or not being able so to do, shall give some satisfactory reason why the same cannot be done, and shall otherwise satisfy the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, of the Justice of his, her or their Demand, in part or in the whole, then the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall allow the said Demand, in part or in the whole, as he shall see fit; but if such Books, Accounts, Vouchers* Papers or other Documents, shall not be produced, or a sufficient reason assigned to the Satisfaction of the said Inspector or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, why the same cannot be donej or if the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall not be satisfied of the Justice of such Demand, then the said Inspector, or such other Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall disallow the said Demand: Provided always, that in case such Person or Persons, having delivered such Account, shall be diffiads^aritk the Decision of the said Inspector, or such other Person rized as aforesaid, it shall be lawful forking her or then  -to the said Treasurer or Paymaster, who (h^U-thereupon j eXttotne the Parties and their Witnesses^j^Oative-

C. 60. 257

to administer), or otherwise to receive Proof thereof by the like Oath or Affirmation in Writing, taken before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and to allow or disallow the Claim of such Creditor or Creditors, in part or in the whole, as to them respectively shall seem fit; which said Decision of the said Treasurer or Paymaster shall be final and conclusive in the Premises; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and knowingly falsely make Oath or Affirmation to any of the Matters hereinbefore directed to be verified on Oath or Affirmation, perjury. or suborn any other Person or Persons so to do, every such Person Subornation of or Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the same Pains, Perjury. Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, are by any Law or Laws now in force subject and liable to.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if within the Space of Creditors paid if Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the said Advertisement, no Wills proved, no Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration to the Effefc9 of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall have been applied for by the next of Kin,

[Proviso.]

Execator or Executors of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the Creditor or Creditors of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer if Marines or Marine, shall be entitled to receive the full Amount f the Debt due to him, her or them, which shall have been allowed s aforesaid, so far as the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money r other Allowances of Money, due for the Services of such deceasedetty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or 4anne, in His Majesty's Navy, will extend to satisfy the same; and hereupon the said Inspector or his Assistant shall grant to such Credi->r or Creditors, a Certificate signed by the said Inspector or his Assist-it, in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked A..) and the Deputy Paymaster shall and he is hereby required to )te on every such Certificate the exact Amount of the Wages due r the Services of the deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Com-iffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in every Ship or Vessel of lis Majesty, in which he shall have served; and on the granting of hich Certificate, so much of the Wages due for the Services of such ceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Males or Marine, as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Amount of the Sum mitted as aforesaid to be due to such Creditor or Creditors, shall paid or remitted to such Creditor or Creditors in the manner here-and by any other Law or Laws now in force, provided for the yment and Remittance respectively of the like Wages to the Exe-ors or Administrators of deceased Petty Officers and Seamen, ' m Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines: Provided al- ys, that if any Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be due to h deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer Marines or Marine, the same shall be payable to such Creditor or ditore only ftsthe manner herein after directed; that is to say, if Wages, Pay ted other Allowances of Money due from His jrfty, his Heih^r Successors, to the deceased Petty Officer or man, Non Cotatififfioiied Officer of Marines or Marine, shall not ufficient to difi&tge the said Debt so allowed as aforesaid the 55 Gv* III, S Deputy

2 S#

C.tfo.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

[Proviso.]

Executors or Administrators riyin?: before Receipt of Wages.

Deputy Paymaster of the Navy shall certify the Amount of th Wages, Dead Clothes, and other Allowances actually paid to fuel Creditor or Creditors, at the Foot of such Certificate, and it shal not be lawful for the said Creditor or Creditors to demand or receive from the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or any Agent or Agent of Prize, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, Deputy or Depu ties, nor for the said Agents or Agent, or his or their Attorney o: Attornies, Deputy or Deputies, to pay to such Creditor or Credi tors, or any other Person or Persons, for his, her or their life, 01 on his, her or their Account, any Prize Money or Bounty Mone] which may be due in respect of the Services of such' Petty Officer o: Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; but tbi said Prize Money and Bounty Money shall be paid over as in case: of unclaimed Prize Money, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital and on the said Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies, producing such Certificate as herein last before mentioned, to the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy the said Creditor or Creditors shall be entitled to, and shall and maj receive from such Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy so much of the Prize Money and Bounty Money due for the Service] of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine (if so much shall be due), as shall be sufficient to discharge so much of their respective Demands as shall then remain un paid; and the said Deputy Paymaster or Treasurer of Grunwcl Hospital, or his Deputy, as the case may be, shall and they ait hereby respectively authorized and required, on paying to such Creditor or Creditors so much Money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the full Amount of the Debt so allowed as aforesaid, or such Part thereoi as shall remain due at the time of such Payment, to retain the Certificate of the Inspector or his Assistant in that behalf, as and for a Voucher or Document of Office: Provided always, that if there shall be more than One such Creditor or Creditors, the Creditor 01 Creditors whose Chum shall have been first allowed, shall be first satisfied, and afterwards the Creditor or Creditors in Succession according to the Priority of the Allowance of their respective Claim or Claims, but so as not to deprive any such Creditor or Creditor of any Priority which he, she or they may by Law have or be entitled to by reason of any Specialty, or on any other Account, provided Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Treasurer of the Navy, or the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, as the case my require, before actual Payment of the Demand of any other Creditor or Creditors, or any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whensoever the Exfccutot or Administrator of a deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall die, not hiving in his Life-time received from the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Msjje&y's Navy, the Agent or Agents for Prizes, or from the Tredfifcpr ol Greenwich Hospital, all or any Part of fbe Wages; Bay* (Brize Money, Bounty Moneyad other Allowaaoos of Money iwk& shall have become due for or-on respect of theufiarvkes

C. 60.

plication to the Treasurer of Paymaster of the Navy in that behalf, to represent according to Law the Person of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; and being satisfied of such Right, to certify the Name and Place of Abode of such Person so applying upon the Check or Certificate formerly issued by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers, to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Party, and that he, she or they, in his Judgment is or are the rightful Representative or Representatives of such deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and entitled to receive*whatever Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowance of Money, may then remain due, or which thereafter may become due or payable in respect of such Service as above mentioned; and thereupon, if the Wages, Pay or other Allowances due from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Services of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, ind the said Prize Money and Bounty Money, remaining unpaid at he time of the Decease of such Executor or Administrator, shall ppear to the said Inspector or his Assistant, not to amount nor ikely by future Payments to amount to more than the Sum of Venty Pounds, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to nd for the said Treasurer and Paymaster of the Navy, and also to id for such Agent or Agents for Prizes, and also for the proper officers of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to pay to such Person Persons, or his, her or their lawful Atton / or Attornies, all ch Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allow-ces of Money, so due or which may become payable as aforesaid, thout requiring such Person or Persons to take out fresh Letters Administration to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commis-ned Officer of Marines or Marine; any Law, Statute or Usage the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; but if the said ages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of >ney, shall amount, or shall appear to the said Inspector of Seamen's Us and Powers to be likely to amount to more than the Sum of enty Pounds, then and in either of such cases, such Wages, Pay, ze Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, shall be paid, except upon fresh Letters of Administration, to be ob-ed in the regular and accustomed manner; any thing hereinbefore tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Deputy Pay- payment by er, upon receiving such Check or Certificate as hereinbefore Deputy Pay-ioned, addressed to him, as the case may be, shall cause the master* e of the Wages due thereon to be calculated and ascertained in tfual manner, in which Calculation, Consideration shall be had to ^roftoris Charge (if any such Charge shall have been incurred), h shall be abated and deduced from the said Wages, and be im-itely paid to the said Proctor, or to some Person authorized to -e the same on his behalf 5 and the Amount due on such Check rtificate, as the case may be, being so ascertained, and the Proc^

Charge, where there may be any, being so deducted, the net ce or that Part of the net Balance which may be due to the oistrator, Executor, Widow, next of Kin, or Person named as for, shall immediately be paid to him or them, if he or they; prefcat; and the Check or Certificate upon which the same S a was

*6o

C. 60.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

was so paid shall also be delivered to him or them, that it may remain in his and their Hands, and stand in place and in Head of Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will* or Letters of Administration with Will annexed, as Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be due or become due to the Estate of such Deceased.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Executor or Administrator, Widow, next of Kin, or Creditor, or Person named as Executor, shall not be present, but be and reside at a Distance, the said Deputy Paymaster or Treasurer* s Clerk shall make out, or cause to be made out a Remittance Bill or Bills for the net Balance, or that Part of the net Balance ascertained as aforesaid; which shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

No.

Day of

' Sir, . t, d.

' pAY to B. C. of on his

[her or their] producing and delivering the Du-

plicate hereof, the Sum of being on

account of the Wages of D. E. belonging to His Majesty's Ship the if the fame be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date

hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the

Treasurer of the Navy at the Pay Office of the

Navy, London.

f The Receiver General of the Land Tax, in the County of I The Collector of the Customs at the Port of j The Collector of the Excise at (, The Clerk of the Cheque at

' Signed [F. G.j Commissioner of the Navy.

' Attested [_H. /.] Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy.

4 By virtue of the Act Fifty fifth George Third, ch.

M B.  The personating or falsely assuming the Name and ' Character of any Person entitled to receive the Wages of any '.Inferior Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of ' Marines or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same; 4 or forging or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate or Affigwntot, last Will, or other Power or Authority;, or taking a fclfe Oath to obtain Probate of a Will or Letters of Admiflistration, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marinty ordemanding or receiving such Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Nfon Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine^ uader Probate of Will, or Letters of Administration, ientffcftg the Will to be forged, or the Probate.or: AdnMniftvatifltoytb^ 4 been obtained by means of a false Orth, madeT"

out Benefit of Ckrgy, by the xFtfasftffrh of C

To I

C. 60.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

2dt

and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the

Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Re-

ward; but if he shall not be able to pay the Amount from not

haring Public Money sufficient in his Hands, he shall note the

Cause of his refusing Payment, and shall appoint another Day

within One Month at farthest from that time, and shall deliver

back the Bill so noted to the Person presenting it; and if

upon Complaint to the Commissioners of the Board of Revenue,

on whose Officer such Bill shall have been drawn, it shall appear that such Officer hath unnecessarily delayed Payment,

taken any Fee, or made any Deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.*

And which Bill shall be signed, attested, forwarded and transmitted in How signed, &c. the manner directed in cales of Parties desiring their Wages to be re- 31 c, x0,

mitted at the Pay of a Ship, by the aforesaid Act passed in the ThirtyI4* first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty; and which Remittance Bills shall be made payable to such Persons only as shall be expressed as Administrators, Executors, Widows, next of Kin or Creditors in the Check or Certificate issued as before directed by the Inspector, and all the Money payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, upon such Check of Administration, Probate of Will, Administration with Will innexed, or Certificate, being made into a Remittance Bill or Bills, he Treasurer's Clerk shall examine the said Check, and if it shall ap-icar that there are no further Sums due by the said Treasurer of the favy, but that the full Sum due by him upon such Authority has een paid and satisfied, the said Clerk shall enclose the said Check in he Letter or Cover which contains the Bill of Remittance, and forward it to the Administrators, Executors, Widows, next of Kin or Creditors, that it may be and remain (as and with respect to any \dministrator8 or Executors) in their Hands, and stand in the Place nd Stead of the original Administration or Probate of the Will, as 1 Authority to receive whatever other Sums may be due or become je to the Estate of the Deceased.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Absence the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling the Payment of Wages any of the Out Ports, at the time when any Remittance Bill made it under the Provisions of this Act, or the said Act passed in the hirty first (a) Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or any her Act or Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Senior fficer of His Majesty's Dock Yard at such Out Port to sign such 11 in the Room and Stead of such absent Commissioner, and whose ^nature to every such Bill shall, in that case, render the same as id and effectual as if the same had been signed by such Commis-aer; any thing in this or the said recited Act, or any other Act or its to tbccontrary in any wise notwithstanding. (0) f31 G.2*

o-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Duplicate Duplicate, any Remittance Bill or Bills, made out in Favour of, or granted, in

manner hereinbefore directed in the different Events specified, to Administrator, Executor, Widow, next of Kin or Creditor of Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines darine, shall be produced and delivered to any Receiver General he Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, of the Che$?V in the Unjted Kingdom of Great Britain t S3 and

In Absence of Commissioners of Navy, Senior Officers of Dock Yards may sign Remittance Bills.

26z

C. 60.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Receiver General having no Money in Hand, to np-

Sint future ay for Payment.

Unnecessarily, &c. delaying Payment of Bill, &c.

and Ireland respectively, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, and enquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Person producing the same (which Oath he is hereby authorized and directed to administer), and upon being duly satisfied, to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and immediately to pay to the Person or Persons to whom such Bill shall be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without Fep or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his, her or their Receipt for the same on the Back thereof; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by Three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid, by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Receiver General of the Lspd Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Cheque, or to the Order of any of them respectively, who shall hare paid such Bill; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall cause such Bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the Sum so contained in such Bill shall accrue and become payable to such Executor, Adrai-nistrator, Widow, next of Kin or Creditor of such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was made out (or their lawful Representatives, in case they shall be dead), in the same manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills hereinbefore directed to be made out and addressed to him as aforesaid, shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that reason refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day, within the Space of One Month at. the furthest, from the Day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid, and such Duplicate with the Indorsement thereon shall immediately be delivered back to the Person prefen ting the same 5 and if upon Complaint, to be mack to the respective Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, his Hon or Successbra, to manage the said several Duties of the Latid T$x, Customs or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, iffhfP- son complained of be a Clerk of the.CMg* it A

JReceiver General, Collector of*- - n r

ypyrnW-

C. 60

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convidl and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and such Fine shall be adjudged, levied and recovered, in such and the same manner to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty or Fine may be levied and recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Bill or Bills, Duplicate and Duplicates respectively, hereinbefore lire&ed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and aken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the Navy, or so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all >r any of such Bill or Duplicate respectively, and as shall have been )aid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his \ccounts.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Remittance Bill, made out under the Provisions of this Act, or any id or Acts of Parliament now in force, in favour of or granted to ly Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines r Marine, or to any other Person for the whole or any part of the if ages or Pay due to any such Inferior or Petty Officer or Seaman, ton Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, and which shall ive been transmitted to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, olle&or of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the hcque, as respectively directed, shall be returned by such Receiver eneral, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk the Cheque respectively to the Treasurer or Commissioners of the ivy, by his or their Direction, or the Direction of the Paymaster the Navy, for any Cause whatsoever, before the Expiration of k Calendar Months from the Date thereof in Great Britain, and ne Calendar Months from the Date thereof in Ireland, it shall and iy be lawful to and for the said Treasurer or Commissioners to cause: h Bill to be immediately cancelled; and also, on its being certified one Part of the original Bill by the said Treasurer, Commissioners Paymaster, that reasonable Cause had been assigned by the Party whom such Bill may be payable, for the cancelling of the said Bill ore the Expiration of Six Months from its Date in Great Britain, Nine Months from its Date in Ireland, for the proper Officer or icers to make out or cause to be made out another like Remittance I or Bills, for the Sum of Money contained in such Bill so caned as aforesaid; which new Remittance Bill shall be signed in plicate, attested, forwarded and paid, in such and the same manner provided by this Act. and the said respective Acts, with respect he original Bill or Bilk hereby and thereby directed to be issued 5 if such new Bill or Bills shall not be paid within Six Calendar iths from the Date thereof in Great Britain, and Nine Months the Date thAtectf in Ireland, the same shall be returned and can-d, if) like MaMfos is by the same Acts also provided with re-t to firtffi ett Bilk 5 and the Sum or Sums of Money

S 4 so

[Penalty.]

Bills, See. allowed on Accounts.

Renewal of Remittance Bills.

C. 60.

55 GEO. III.

Petty Officers, See. forging, Sec. Ceriifica'es.

Perjury. Falsely repre-fpiuing next of K'u, ike.

Transportation.

Forging, fee. Names of Ministers, Sec.

so contained in such new Bill or Bills shall then accrue and become payable to such Inferior or Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for whose Wages or Pay it was so made out, or to his lawful Attorney or Attornies, or his Representatives, in case he shall be dead, or to other the Person or Persons entitled thereto, in the same manner as if such new Bill had never been issued; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall re. ceive his Pay, or shall attempt to receive the same or any Part thereof, upon any Certificate purporting to be a Certificate of Servitude or a Certificate of Discharge, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited; or if any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or any other Person, shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting of any such Certificate, every such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be punished as in cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sign

or subscribe any Petition or Application to the Treasurer or Pav-mailer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, falsely and wilfully representing herself or himself to be the Widow, or the nearest or one of the nearest of Kindred of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have belonged to or served on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or utter or publish any such Petition or Application so signed or subscribed as aforesaid, containing such false and wilful Representation as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Certificate from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Powers to procure Letters of Administration to the Effects of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or to procure Payment of any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money under Twenty Pounds, for or in respect of Services on board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or if any Person or Persons shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, upon or by virtue of any Certificate from the said Inspector of Seamen's Wills, knowing such Certificate to have been obtained by false Representations or Pretences, every such Person shall, oubeing convicted of any such Offence in due Form of Law, be transited beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, in like maqaerai Persons convicted of Felony are directed to be transporked^e Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, TJi$t iL any, F Mejky.^ake, forge or counterfeit, Qrq % Qprac

jer ccujmtertesting i

A.D. 1815. 55" GEO. III. C. 60.'65

described and mentioned in this Act, to enable any Person or Persons to obtain Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration to any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine; or shall utter or publish as true, any such Certificate annexed or subjoined to or contained in any such Check or Petition, with any false, forged or counterfeited Signature of any such Minister, or Householder of any Parish subscribed thereto, knowing the same Signature to be false, forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony and shall be transported as a Felon for the Term Transportation. of his or her natural Life, or for the Term of Fourteen Years, or Seven Years, as the Court before which such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, shall adjudge.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Personating, &c. 'ons shall willingly or knowingly personate or falsely assume, or cause 1>ettY Office*8*

>r procure any other Person to personate or falsely assume the Name &c*

)r Character of any Commission, Warrant or Petty Officer, or Seaman, or any Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer of Marines >r Marine, or any other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled 0 any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allow-nces of Money, for or in respect of Services performed, or sup-ofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Wife, Widow, Executor or idministrator, Relation or Creditor, of any such Officer, Seaman or ther Person as aforesaid, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, rize Mon>y, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due*supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such.

Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or pposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of is Majesty, his Heirs or Successsors; or shall falsely make, forge, Forging, &c. unterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged. Letter of At-unterfeited or altered, or willingly act or assist in the false making, torney, 3tc.

ging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Bill, cket, Certificate purporting to be a Certificate from the Inspector Seamen's Wills and Powers or his Assistant, Assignment, lait ill, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Dney, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due, or iposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Seer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with Intention to defraud Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate what-ver; or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, counter- TJttning forged, ed or altered Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate pur- &c. Letter of ting to be a Certificate from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and Attorney,c. vers or his Assistant, Assignment, last Will, or other Power or hority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize ley, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due, or sup-d to be due, fervor in respect of the Services of any such Officer, nan, Marine or^er Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed ave boon perfospfed, on board of any Ship or VesseloCHi*

266

False O.nth to obtnin Probate of Will, &c.

C. 60.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Receiving, &c. Wages, $tc. by false Probate.

Knowing Probate, &c. to be obtained by fall'e Means.

Death.

Who deemed Petty Officers, fcc.

49 G. 3. c. 108.

 18.

49 G. 3. c. 123. 34*

fig*3, c'93'

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or cause or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed, or supposed to have been performed, on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money due, or supposed to be due, for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid,

Performed, or supposed to have been performed, on board any of lis Majesty's Ships or Vessels, upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained, to be false, forged and counterfeited; or knowing the Probate of such Will or such Letters of Administration as last aforesaid, to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath as aforesaid, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever j then every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

[S 54 G 3- c- 93- # 89.]

XXXIII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Persons who come within the Description of Petty Officers and others in*His Majesty's Navy, and Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, within the Provisions of the several Acts hereinbefore recited Be it therefore enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, all and every Part of the Complement of every Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Navy, shall be and are hereby declared to be Petty or Inferior Officers, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, excepting such as appear by the Books of such Ships, to be Admirals or Flag Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Mailers, Second Mailers and Pilots, Physicians, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Chaplains, Secretaries to Flag Officers and their Clerks, Pursers, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters and Commissioned Officers of Marines.

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the ' Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by1 ' another Act passed in the said Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made m ile Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encourage L*

4 Seamen, and for the better and more ejftdually manning His',

4 Navy during the present War7 and for other Purposes 3 an by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty ftrtirth YdiAM Reign of His present Majesty; it is enacted, That the nalties and Forfeitures thereby respectfc# Miftfed t

C. 60.

267

Hospital at Chelsea, as the case may require: And Whereas it is

expedient, that the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being should have Power to sue for such of the said Penalties as are by the said several Acts respectively made applicable to the Use of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or fuable for in their Names Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred Penalties, &c. of or to be incurred by any Person or Persons for Offences committed former AfU and or Acts done by him, her or them, contrary to the said Three last mentioned Acts of Parliament, or either of them, or against this ^Navy.

Ad, so far as the same relate to the Naval Service, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of which Acts are applicable to the Use of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, shall and may be sued for by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, in his own Name, or in the Name of any Other Person by his Authority; any thing in the said recited Acts >r in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Penalties, &e.

*uch Penalties and Forfeitures so sued for by the said Treasurer, or how applied. w his Authority, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Jfe of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital t Greenwich.

XXXVI. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the

Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain 54 G. 3. c. 93.

Provisions are made to prevent Abuses with respect to any Orders 45*

+that may be drawn upon the Agents to the Captors of any Prize, or the proper Officers of Greenwich Hospital, for any Share of Prize or Bounty Money, and it is expedient to extend the same to Persons resident in Ireland, and in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark and Man; Be it enacted, That if the Person Provisions of aking such Order, as in the Schedule to the said Act marked (B.) former Aftsex-expressed, shall be resident in any Place in Ireland where no De- jcn.de<*to ty to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital resides, then the Cer- re an*icate to be thereto subjoined, containing such Particulars as in the d Schedule is also expressed, shall be signed by the Minister and e of the Churchwardens; and if resident in either of the Islands Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, then by the Minister of Parirn or Place in which such Person shall reside at the time of king such Order; and that every such Order and Certificate, en so respectively made, signed and attested as aforesaid, shall be d and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had n respectively made, signed and attested, according to the Direc-s of the said recited Act; any thing in the same Act to the con-y thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

wXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment, AflRgnments, fcc. gain, Sale, Order or Contract which shall be made or given by valid unless Warrant Officer, for or in respect of any Prize or other Money Confijration lie Hands of Prize Agents, or paid into Greenwich Hospital, expre* be valid, unless such Assignment shall truly exprfcfs the Confi-tion Money actually paid by the Person or Persons in whose mr such Affimtnent, Bargain, Sale, Order or Contract is made e Person marafe^and executing the same, and upon every such piment, BargahtfBale, Order or Contract, the Agent or Agents 'rize and the Trfca(ifr$rqf Greenwich Hospital respectively, shall

C. 60.

161

Provisions of 54 G. 3. c. 93. as to Distribu tion of Prizes extended to Seizures under Revenue Laws, Sec.

-Agents not to act after Expiration, ice. of Licences.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Misdemeanor.

54 G. 3. c. 93. 45-

only pay to the Person or Persons claiming under or by virtue thereof so much Money as shall appear to have been advanced and paid as such Consideration Money as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties, respecting the Distribution of Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds of Prize in the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth -Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, shall be extended to all Seizures under the Revenue Laws, all Grants of His Majesty, all Bounties granted by Act of Parliament, and all other Monies whatever, coming to and being in the Hands of the Prize Agents of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships of War for their Use and Benefit, by reason of the Service of such Officers and Crews in any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels hired for or in the Service of His Majesty.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Agent or other Person licensed by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, pursuant to the Directions of the Act secondly hereinbefore mentioned to have been passed in the Forty ninth Year fa) of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, after his Licence hatn expired or been revoked, be entitled to receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money belonging to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, by virtue of any Power of Attorney, or any Order or Orders given to, or received by him during the time in which his Licence was in force, but that such Powers of Attorney and Orders shall be null, void and of no Effect; and any Agent or Agents who shall, after the Expiration or Revocation of nis Licence, receive or demand any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, unless the said Treasurer shall have renewed such Licence, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be punished as in cases of Misdemeanor, by Fine and Imprisonment, or both, at the Discretion. of the Court before which any such Person shall be convicted.

[a) [49 G.3. r. 123. $37.]

XL. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Agents for ' Prize are prohibited from paying any Prize Money or Bounty*Money to any Person upon any Order made within the Distance of Five Miles of the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty

Agents not to produce Orders for Payment of Prize Mor.ey prepared within Six Miles of Place of Payment.

if any Agent licensed by the Treasurer of His Majesty* Navy for the time being, pursuant to the said secondly recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year (3) of the Reign of His said MajesefjMl insert or cause to be inserted in any Order for Payment Money or Bounty Money due or payable for or in respt Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman* Non CommiT Marines or Marine in His Majest, , c * % r thi XT*

C. 60.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Place where such Name or Names shall be so inserted, and where such Order shall be intended to be attested under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, or shall tender any such Order with the Name or Names of any such Captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress or Place inserted therein to any Agent for Prize, or to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital, for the Purpose of demanding or receiving Payment of any Prize Money or Bounty Money for or in respect of such Captured Ship, Vessel, Fortress or Place, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being then in Course of Distribution or Payment within Six Miles of the Place where such Order shall have been made or drawn and attested, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be re- Penal covered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty8 Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall go to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwicht and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted,; That all Letters and Packets Letters, &c. of addressed to or sent by the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy Treasurer, &c. for the time being, shall be sent and received free from the Duty of NavI free* of Postage, in the same manner and under the same Restrictions (<7) as the Clerk Assistant and Chief Clerk without Doors of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland iow send and receive the same. (a) [See9G. 3. r.35. f 7. 

^2 G. 3. f.63. 5.]

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets Letters,c. of iddressed to and sent from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills and In'pe&or, kc. Letters of Attorney for the time being, or his Assistant, upon any free*

Business or Affairs of or relating to the said Office of Inspector,

hall be free from the Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets

ring upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Office of In-

peftor of Seamen's Wills, that shall be forwarded by the said In-

peftor or his Assistant for the time being, shall be under Cover, Letters, &c. un-

nth the Words*Pursuant to Act of Parliament, 55 Geo. III.* der Cover.

rioted upon the same, and the said Inspector or his Assistant shall

rite his Name under the same.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 108. 8.]

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or inspector*, kc. tffiltant Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or any other Person, shall fend fending other r convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Papers, kc. un-areel, other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the der Covers, id Office of Inspector of Seamen's Wills, the Person so offending all, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty, ounds.

[See 496.3- c. 108. $ 9.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Bargains, Sales, Bargain*, kc. ills of Sale, Contracts, Agreements and Assignmenta whatsoever, for Seamen's, for or concerning any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Mopey pay&c*v0, ct other Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of arines or Marine, for or in respect of Services on board any of is Majesty's Sfejps, made or entered into, or hereafter to be made entered m^Oj mdl be and are hereby declared to be void and of ne Effect, to ^Intents and Purposea whatsoever; and the Trea-er of the-Navy lfelr the time bein]g, the Treasurer of the Royal

C. 60.

270

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Captains to deliver to discharged Seamen Certificates.

Hospital at Greenwich for the time being, and all and every Agent or Agents for Prizes is and are hereby authorized, directed and required to pay or cause to be paid to all such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, as shall appear in Person at the Pay Table, or in their Absence to the lawful Attornies empowered by them, in such manner as is hereinbefore directed, or to the Executors or Administrators of such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, to their respective Attorney or Attornies, duly authorized in such manner as is hereinbefore directed, the respective Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or Allowances of Money of any kind due to them, without regard to any Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, Contrail, Agreement or Assignment whatsoever, made or to be made, of, for or concerning any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or Allowances of Money of any kind; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be discharged for any Cause, from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Captain or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel shall make or cause to be made out a Certificate, in the Manner and Form following, or to the like Effect

' No.

THESE are to certify. That A.B. has served as

on board of His Majesty's Ship

under my Command, from the Day of

to the Day of Dated

the Day of A.B. is

c Feet Inches high, is of a

4 Complexion, and aged Years.*

Which he shall sign with his Name, and deliver, or cause to be delivered to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, at the time of his being discharged; and no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall be entitled to receive his Wages, Payor other Allowances, for Services on board any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, unless at the time of paying such Wages, Pay or Allowances, he shall be identified by One or more of the Commission or Warrant Officers who bdopjK? to the Ship or Vessel at the time or during some Part of the tjupe which he may so claim the Payment for such Services, or unless shall produce a Certificate as above described, and directed to be livered to him as aforesaid 5 and no Petty Officer or Seaman Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall he < P " from any Ship or Vessel in the Service of HisM other Ship or Vessel in such Service, shall WtMe^ toil XKr  ?$, Pay or Allowances of any Kffid, f

Wa

of tK SJuptft.jrfik

irhe (hjdl have last h

*-S in

C. 60. A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. 271

therefrom; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, ffiail be taken by the Enemy, imlefs he ffiail voluntarily return and enter on board iomc Sliip or Vessel, in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in a reasonable time after he ffiail be released from Prison; or if the Ship or Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, last served, ffiail have been lost or destroyed, and the Crew, or any Part of the Crew, ffiail have been saved, unless he ffiail enter again in a reasonable time on board some Ship or Vessel in such Service; or if such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, ffiail be discharged from the Ship or Vessel to which he belonged, to any of His Majesty's Hospitals, unless he ffiail enter the Ship or Vessel to which he ffiail be discharged from such Hospital, or be discharged out of the Service, or umefs in any of the above specified Events, reasonable Cause shall be shewn and allowed by the Commissioner of the Navy, comprolling such Payment, and the Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy naking the same, for not producing such Certificate, or for Non Compliance with any thing herein directed.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Orders executed sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds ffiail be due and payable b? Seam*n not y the Rules of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non a ove 10'.ommissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in respect of his Ser-ces in the Navy, it shall and may be lawful for such Petty Officer*Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, to ve an Order in Writing for Payment of the same upon the Trea-irer of the Navy, which Order shall be revocable, as in the case of owers of Attorney, and ffiail be payable to the Person in such rder named, or to his Order; and the same ffiail be attested by the aptain or Commander, or any other of the signing Officers or a ieutenant of the Ship on board of which such Services were per--med, accompanied with a Certificate from One of the signing icers or Lieutenants of such Sliip, certifying the Particulars of; Services of the Drawer of such Order; and the said Order and rtificate ffiail be laid before the said Inspector, who ffiail examine same, and if he fees no cause to suspect the Authenticity thereof, ffiail stamp and pass the same for Payment; but if he ffiail fee ife to suspect the Authenticity of such Order, he ffiail report the le to the Treasurer or Pay matter of the Navy, and ffiail enter his /eat against the same, which ffiail prevent any Money from being Caveat, and received thereon, until the same ffiail be authenticated to Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or Paymaster; but if any such not exceeding Ten Pounds ffiail be due and payable to any y Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or ine, who ffiail have been discharged from His Majesty's Service, and in such case, the Order for Payment thereof ffiail be at-d in such and the like manner as is hereinbefore directed with: d to the Attestation of Letters of Attorney, made by such ons after their Discharge from His Majesty's Service; and such nentioned Orders ffiail be accompanied by the like Certificates ervice, and be subject to such and the like Examination by the dor of Seamen's Wills and Powers, and such Caveat against Payment to be made under the Authority thereof, as is above: ed with regard J$ Orders made by Persons in His Majesty's

Service 5

I

[Proviso.]

C. 60.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18ij.

Run Men not to receive Wages until R. taken off.

Ships Twelve Months in Sea Pay to be paid.

31 O. a. c. 10.

4 6.

Months reckoned by Calendar Months. Exception.

Lieutenants to sign Names in Muller Books.

Tnmfinittinr

Mullers.

Service: Provided always, that if the Party making such last mentioned Order shall have been discharged from His Majesty's Service, at his own Request, or for any other Cause or Reason than being unserviceable, he shall not be entitled to immediate Payment on such Order, but shall wait for the Payment of the same, according to the Rules of the Navy, until the Ship from whence he shall have been discharged shall come in course of Payment.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as having run therefrom, shall receive his Wages, Pay, Prize Money or other Allowance of Money for such Ship or Vessel, or for any other Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Service in which he may have served, unless such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Ship or Vessel having been Twelve or more Calendar Months m Sea Pay, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside, and Money shall have been issued for Payment of the Wages due upon the Books of such Ship or Vessel, sufficient time shall be allowed for fending to the Navy Office, preparing and examining the Books of the said Ship Or Vessel, and the Wages due to the Officers or Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, for the time during which the said Boors shall have been examining and preparing, which shall be done without Delay, shall be reserved and kept in arrear, over and above the Six Months ordered to be left unpaid by the said Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all'Months mentioned in this and preceding Acts of Parliament relating to the Navy shall be counted and reckoned Calendar Months, excepting only in the Computation of Pay, Wages and other Allowances, which shall be computed and cast by reckoning Twenty eight Days to the Month, according to the usual Practice of the Navy.

L. And, for the Purpose of more effectually preventing Frauds and Forgeries in the Execution and attesting of Letters of Attorney, Wills, Orders or Certificates, made by or in favour of Petty Officers, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines, be it enacted, That every Lieutenant on board His Majesty's Ships Hull, upon a Page of every Muster Book of such Ship, sign his Name, for the Purpose only that the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, or such Persons as shall be deputed by him, may have the Opportunity of comparing the same with the Name of any such Lieutenant ittjmng the Will, Letter of Attorney, Certificate Or Order, extf ift favour of any Petty Officer, Seaman, NofrCotOrtiffiontl Marines or Marine.*v'4

*V'Mi And be it I

A.D. 1815.

SS'G&Q.mt>

&60.

m

Books, Tickets and -Lifts* by any Acts of Parliament directed to be made out and transmitted, then and in every such case such Captain or Commander shall leave such Muster Books, Tickets and Lifts, with the Naval Officer (if any such Officer shall be and reside at such Place) or if there shall be no Naval Officer at such Place, then and in that case, with some respectable Merchant or other Person, with proper Directions to forward the same to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, by the first safe Opportunity thereafter; and that such Naval Officer, respectable Merchant, or other Person shall give a Receipt for the Muster Books, Tickets and Lifts so left, and which Receipts shall be forwarded by the Captain or Commander to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, at the time of passing his Accounts.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Captain or Com- Delivering nander shall be removed from any Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Gutters.

Service, he shall forward to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy t perfect Muster Book, for the time between the ending of the laffc Two Monthly Muster Books, and the Date of his quitting the Command, and he shall deliver or cause to be delivered over to hi?

Sudcessor One complete Muster Book, signed by himself and the 'roper Officers, made up to the time of such Removal, and for rhich he shall receive a Receipt from his said Successor j and the 'rincipal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy are ereby flri&ly directed and required not to grant to any such Captafo r Commander the general Certificate, to entitle him to his Wagep r Pay for such Ship or Vessel, unless such Receipt shall be produced them, or unless thereto required by particular Order from the, ord High Admiral of Great Britain, or from the Commissioners for tecuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or ly Three or more of such Commissioners in cases of Necessity, and t its being made appear to their Satisfaction, that the Directions reinbefore given in this behalf have been complied with, as far as e nature of the Service will admit.

LIII. And Whereas by ?n Act passed in the Thirty second 3* 3* c. 33.

if ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

xplaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty first Tear of

be Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal

Wavy, and for ffiablishing a regular Method for the pun dual,

'requent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them wre easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Vives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Ajbufes attend-ig such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines nd Marines, serving or who may have served on board any of HU iajefiyyt Ships, Provision was made, among other things, for the 7. ayment of Wages due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Com-iflioned Officers of Marines and Marines, who should be duly scharged as disabled or unserviceable; And Whereas it is ex-dient to give further Facility to the Attainment of that Obieft, cases not provided for in the said Act, in Ports and Places where are shall be confident Commissioner of the Navy Be it there-enacted, TbttjfcibfiU and mj be lawful to and for, any Naval pifeharged ekwjfcr or fjawlOfficer, at an^of the Sort* or criv" wigM k '

*74

c. 6o:

55' Geo. III.

A.D. tSrj.

Ports where t>* Commissioner.

Proviso for 54 G. 3. c. 93.

88.

36.

 40.

 7

the United Kingdom, where there shall be no resident Commissioner of His Majesty's Navy, to receive from any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who shall have been duly discharged or disabled or unserviceable, or in any other way duly discharged, and who shall be desirous to receive Payment of any Ticket or Certificate which shall have been made out on his Account, as by the said recited Act is directed; and also to require a Certificate from the Matter of the Packet or Vessel in which such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall have come Home, or from some respectable Inhabitant of such Place, to the Purport and Effect respectively as required by the said recited Act; and thereupon such Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer, being satisfied in every respect with regard to the Identity of any such Petty" Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, as in the said Act is mentioned, shall in such case grant an Acknowledgment or Receipt to him for such Ticket and Certificate as he shall so receive, and immediately transmit the same, together with the Certificate of the Matter of the Packet or Vessel, or of the Inhabitant of such Place, as the case maybe, with the Address'of the Party, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, who, on Receipt thereof, shall direct the Day on which they shall receive the same to be indorsed thereon, and shall immediately cause such Ticket and Certificate to be examined by the Muller 'Books, if received, and thereupon return such Ticket and Certificate to the said Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer, with an Order to him subjoined thereto, or indorsed thereon, to pay to the Petty Officer, or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, therein named, the net Balance due upon such Ticket and Certificate, or upon the Ship's Books for which such Ticket or Tickets shall have been made out, in case the Ship or Ships shall have been paid for the time; and which Amount the said Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer shall pay to such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, only taking his Receipt thereon, dulyattested, and shall charge the same in his Account with the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, being satisfied that such Payment hath been duly made, shall allow the same in the Accounts of such Naval Storekeeper or Naval Officer accordingly j any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions of the before mentioned Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, except so far as the same is hereby extended to authorize the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being to sue for Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred by any Person or Persons, for Offences committed, or Acts done contrary to the said Act; and except so far as the same Act is hereby amended with regard to the Attestation of Orders made in Ireland, and in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Mans andatO-the inflicting a Penalty on licensed Agents who shall insert the Nanieof any Prize, or Orders for Payment of Prize Money, payable Ffthin Six Miles of the Place where such Ordert.Aall be dr^sr the Alteration of so much of the said t/p&exte

rtJS&fttojSebiit* under the .&ew*j^fcawi, if

A; IX 1815. 55 GEO. III.- Ci.60*' 27 S-

LV. And, for the more speedy and effectual bringing to Justice Treilurer and Persons who shall commit any of the Offences punishable under the oner*

Authority of this Act, be it further enacted, That, from and after j the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer and Commissioners of the Navy for the time being, or any One or more of them, and they and he is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time in all Places whatever, to do, perform, exercise and execute the Office and Duty of a Justice or Justices of the Peace, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in causing any Person or Persons who shall at any time or times, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged with any of the Offences mentioned in this Act, to be apprehended, committed and prosecuted for the same; and all Constables, Headboroughs,

Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatever, mall ind they are hereby respectively required from time to time diligently .0 execute, perform and obey all such Warrant and Warrants as ffialb }e made, directed, issued or given to them, or any of them, by any Dne or more of the Persons aforesaid touching any of the Matters tnd Things hereinbefore contained; and all and every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, made and now in force for the Ease, Safety nd Protection of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their )ffice, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Treasurer and !ommissioneo of His Majesty's Navy, acting in the Execution of lis Ad, and to all Constables and Headboroughs, or other Peace tfficers, or Persons acting finder the Warrant or Authority of the id Treasurer or Commissioners, or any of them, as fully and Fedually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein and Teby repeated and re-enacted, as to and for the Ease, Safety and rotedion of the Paid Treasurer and Commissioners, and the Constables, eadboroughs or other Peace Officers or Persons acting under their any of their Warrant or Authority.

LVI. Provided dways, and be it further enacted, That this Act Ad when to ill commence and take Effect at the following Periods; that is comrae, lcc* say, at all Places in the West Indies and America, at the Expi-ion of Six Months, at all Places in the East Indies at the Expi-ion of Twelve Months, at all Places in the Mediterranean and in; Baltic, at the Expiration of Four Months, and at all other ices, at the Expiration of Two Months respectively next after passing of the lame.

L.VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Commissioners ty shall deliver Efficient Quantities of blank Certificates of Dif-^de. 1]ver Wan^ ge, in the Form prescribed by this Act, to all Captains and ^"er*t, oand cere in the Command of any of His Majesty's Ships; and the prjut Abstracts. afurer of the Navy shall cause to be printed an Abstract of the visions and Regulations contained in this and other Acts of Parent, respecting the Payment of the Royal Navy, and fend or rer a competent Number of Copies thereof to the Principal cere and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy at Home and oad, to the Commissioners for taking Care of sick and wounded lcn, to the Commissioners for conducting His Majesty's Transport ice, to the Commissioners of Excise and of the Customs in and, Scotland and Ireland, to the Governors of His Majesty's nies and Plantations, and to the Governors of the Settlements n the Charter Of the East India Company, 'to His Majesty's T 2 Conluls

V}6

Hung up in Offices.

Hung up in Ships.

Read once a, Month.

C. 60.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Consuls abroad, to the Receivers General of Land Tax throughout Great Britain, to the Registrars and Deputy Registrars of the Pro. rogative Court of Canterbury, to the Clerks of the Cheque of His Majesty's Dock Yards, to the Governors and Agents of Royal Hospitals, to the Commanding Officers of the several Divisions of Marines; all of whom are hereby strictly directed and enjoined to hang up and affix the lame in some conspicuous Part of their several Offices, and to promulgate the same as effectually as they can in their respective Situations; and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the time being, shall cause a competent Number of the Copies of the said Abura&s to be delivered to the Captains and Commanders of all the Ships and Vessels in His Majesty's Service; and every such Captain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel under his Command shall be put into Sea Pay, shall cause One of the said printed Abstracts, together with the Articles of War, to be hong up and affixed to the most Public Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept up and renewed, so that they may be at all times accessible to the Inferior Officers and Seamen on board of such Ships or Vessels; and every such Captain or Commander shall cause such Abstracts to be audibly and distinctly read over once every Month, in the Presence of the Officers and Seamen of such Ships or Vessels, immediately after the Articles of War are read; and the reading of the Articles of War and of the said Ab-ft rafts, and the Days when read, shall be attested by the Captain or Commander and the usual signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel, at the Foot of the Muffcer Books of such Ship or Vessel, before they ait transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy; and the said Commissioners are hereby ftisftly charged and directed to inquire whether the Directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said Abstract and Articles of War, and for reading of the same as afore-fold, have been duly observed by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, which Commissioners shall not grant to such Captain or Commander his general Certificate until they are folly satisfied thereof $ to the End and Intent that every Seaman employed in the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, may at One and the same time hear and know the Forfeitures and Punishments he is liable to for any Neglect or Disobedience, and like wife the Encouragements and Benefits to which he is entitled by a due and faithful Performance of his Duty 5 and that upon differing any Oppression or Injury in such Service, he may be better enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, who are hereby respectively charged and directed, upon any Complaint being laid, strictly to inquire into the circumstances of the same, and to grant immediate Redress therein, if such Complaint shall be justly founded, and to take spedal and constant Cfere that this Act, and others relating to the Navy, be folly complied with and puactually bahriod into Execution.

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 6o

V7

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

CERTIFICATE.

Day of

Navy Pay Office, of 18

TJAVING duly examined a Claim, presented to me as Inspector A of Seamen's Wills, and Letters of Attorney, by B. of

stating, that he, [(he, or, they] is [or, are] the Creditor [or, Creditors] of C.D. originally of

and lately a Seaman [or. Marine] of His Majesty's Ship and who died at on the

Day of I hereby certify, That the Hated

Demands in Writing presented to this Office by the said A.B. at Creditor [or, Creditors] of the said C. D under the Authority of the Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty King

the late C, D- to the said A.B. and that the said A.B. is, [or, are therefore entitled to receive by virtue of this Certificate the said Sum of out of whatsoever Wages, Priie

Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, may be due to the said C.D. deceased, for his Services in His Majesty* Navy, and no more.

Section have been

the Provisions of the said Act, and to be due and owing by

Signed

(J. 2?.) Inspector.*

T$

oo

SCHEDULE (B.)

TABLE of FEES to be taken for Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and Letters of Administration with Will annexed, of Warrant and Petty Officers and Non Commissioned Officers of Marine*, and also of Common Seamen and Marines, in pursuance of this Act.

PROBATES.

Under what Sum the Effects sworn. Where the Deceased was a Warrant or Petty Officer in the Navy, or a Non Commissioned Officer of Marines. Where the Deceased was a common Seaman or Marine.

If the Executor be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Executor be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him. If the Executor be a Wife, ChUd, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Executor be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

U' r If the Executor sworn in Lon-< don - -1 . 20 40 60 100 . s. d. - 1 i 1 ! 1 4  - X 8 6 - . s. d. -  16 6 - 1 10 6 1 13  1 15 6 . t. d.  II   14 6 -  19 - . s. d. -  16 6 11  *136" 1 6 

If the Executor f 1 s \ 60. 100  19  -1 17  a r 6 -8  - 1 xa  - z 1a 6 a t5  - a 17 6 - " x9  - 176-1 ia  - 1 18 6 1 ix  Z 3 a 5 6 - a 8 

C. 60. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

ADMINISTRATIONS, and ADMINISTRATIONS with Will annexed.

- Under what Sum the Effects sworn. Where the Deceased was a Warrant or Petty Officer in the Navy, or a Non Commissioned Officer of Marines. Where the Deceased was a common Seaman or Marine.

If the Administrator be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Siller, of the Deceased. If the Administrator be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him. If the Administrator be a Wife, Child, Parent, Brother or Sister, of the Deceased. If the Administrator be more remotely related, or a Stranger in Blood to him.

Administratkajj intdtate. Administrations Will annexed. 1 Administ rations intestate. 1 Administratkms Will annexed. Adrainistrations intestate. Administratkms Will annexed. Administratkms intestate. 'Administratkms Will annfKfd,

{r If thetAdmlni- 1 strator lwom in< London - 1 . 20 40 6o lOO . a. d.  12 6 256 a 9- a 13 6 of, s. d.  IJ  29  a 14  2 18 6 . a. d. 1 3  2 16  3 6 6 39  . a. d. 1 8 - 3 a  34  3 16 6 . a. d.  126  16   196 1 4  . a. d.  15   19 6 1 4 6 19  . a. d. 1 3  266 2 17-2 19 6 . a. d. i 8  2126 346 3 7 

If the Admini- f strator sworn by J Commission in j the Country - iw v _ 20 40 6o IOO.  19 6 % 17  3 1 6 3 8- 1 a  3  6 366 3 13  1 13 6 3 13  426 4 5  1 18 6 3 19  .4 10  4 12 6  19 6 1 7 6 1 12  1 18 6 i 2  1 11  1 17  a A 6 1 13 6 3 3 6 3 13  vk. 3 ij 6 i 18 6 396 4  6 4 3 

09 'oin 'oaos 1 av

s9o

C.tfi,

jij'Oio.in.

A.Di8ij.

Duties specified in Schedules annexed to be paid.

Schedules part of Act.

Duties, &c. in lieu of former Duties.

Duties, &c. of former Acts to ceaGe.

Exceptions.

48 G. 3. c. 43.

CAP. LXL

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect: of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles.

[25th May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandt

in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant Unto Your Majesty the increased Rates, Duties and Taxes, herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, mentioned, specified and expressed, in the several Schedules marked (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) (E.) (F.) and (G.) to this Act annexed, the several annual Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes, as they are respectively described and set forth in the said respective Schedules; and that the said several Schedules, and all the Rules, Regulations and Exceptions, therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, shall be in lieu and instead, and in full Satisfaction of all Duties rad Taxes, granted upon or in respect of the like Articles, Matters and Things, in and by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the pamng of this Act 5 and that all Rates, Duties and Taxes, on or in respect of the said several Articles, Matters and Things, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts (a) m force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, mail, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, cease and determine, and be bo longer paid or payable, except so far as relates to any Arrears of the said Rates, Taxes or Duties, due and payable before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; aid except in cases where aottfach Rates, Taxes or Duties, for the Year beginning on the said twn Day of January, shall have been a&uaBj paid before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of fins Act; and also except the several Duties of One Pound andi Shillings, under an Act made in the Forty eighth Year* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to Hi*A certain Duties and Tone* pt Ireland, in ttfptfi of Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants and \

C+6u

BA.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

281

or coirftrusted, by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for Sale* or on Carriages sold by any Person in Ireland by Aoftion or, [rr on Commission, which Duties shall continue payable, and shall be paid by such Coachmakers and Persons felling such Carriages for and in

7 respect of any Carriages chargeable with Duty under this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes, Duties paid m by this Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed granted and made British Cur-payable, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable rency-according to the Amount thereof in British Currency*; and that all Consolid^ed

7 and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the Fund.

necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the lame being dess dusted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund

; i of Ireland; and that the Sum of Six pence in the Pound and all Application of

other Fees which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Trea- certain Fees.

P surer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the

Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums

of Money oat of the Consolidated Fund of Inland, shall be carried; to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and in Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties Duties under and Taxes, by this Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed granted Management of

and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commis- Commissioners sioners of Inland Exrife and Taxes in Ireland, and shall be raised, Xaxes 'in ire-levied, collected, paid and sued for, and recovered in the same iarujt and levied Manner and undtr such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways as former and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and Duties, under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, plying and managing of the like Rates, Duties and Taxes in and by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, with respect to the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, and with and under all such Powers and Authorities as are given in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years I4 k -s car. 2. of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled (I.) Seir. 4. c. 8. An Act for settling of the Eucife or new Impost upon His Majesty,

Hu Heirs and Succejors, according to the Book of Rates therein in-fitted t or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of HiB 46 G. 3. c. ic6. present Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better'c-Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Pott Baths, and of the Commissioners of InfandExcise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, is fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as. if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, except only so far as the same are altered or repealed by this present Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties ag- Appeal, grieyed, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is or may be provided.

IV. And heft farther enacted, That in all cases where any Per- Paying former son in Ireland at any time after the Fifth Day of January Rates liable to One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, anA efore the Expiration

2?2

C. 61.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 18 r

and former of Ten Day* after the passing of this Act, hare been chared with

Rate*. and shall have actually paid to any Officer of the Commissioners of

Inland Excise or Taxes in Ireland, any Rates, Duties or Taxes, upon or in respect of Windows, Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Year beginning on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the Orders and Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in the collecting or superintending the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to charge, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized and required to charge any and every such Person or Persons so having paid such former Rates, Duties and Taxes, with the whole of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, for the Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid, and such Charge shall be made by the said Officers on the Persons so having paid the said former Rates, Duties and Taxes, at the same time when the Charge of the Rates, Duties and Taxes on or in respect of Windows, Ser. vants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, granted by this Act, shall be made on other Persons by such Officers for the Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid; and so much and such Part of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under this Act for the said Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid as shall exceed the Amount which shall nave been so previously actually paid by any Person or Persons for such former Rates, Duties or Taxes, shall be payable and paid by such Person, and shall be collected by the proper Officers at the same time and in such manner as the Rates, Taxes and Duties payable under this Act by any other Person or Persons for the Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid shall be payable, and so much and Rich Part of such Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under this Act as shall exceed the Amount so paid under any former Ad t or Acts for the said Year, shall be collected, levied and paid, and

recovered and recoverable by, with, under and subject to all such and the like Powers and Remedies as are given for the collecting, recovering and levying any of the said Rates, Taxes or Duties under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Rates, Taxes and Duties, or any of them; and in case any Person or Persons having paid such former Rates, Duties or Taxes for such Year so beginning and ending as aforesaid, shall produce to the Officer demanding Payment of the Rates, Duties and Taxes for such Year under this Act, the Receipt for such former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and shall pay fiu&Excess as aforesaid to such Officer, and shall deliver such former 5eceipt to such Officer, and shall require of such Officer a Receipt for the whole of the Rates, Duties and

it A.D. 1815. 5i# GEO. I0. C. 6u

; r " Owners of Houses nntenacted for Three Months to be relieved* of Payment of Doty on Windows and Hearths for that Pe-

u riod, [Repealed, 6qft. c.i+O. 2, ']

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered,

s amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this pre-

t sent Session of Parliament.

[Seepost.ee. 67. 140.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

WINDOWS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable annually for and out of every TENEMENT or DWELLING HOUSE having more than Six Windows or Lights, in respect of the Windows or Lights in every such Tenement or Dwelling House zte-spectively.

ifpeft of 7 Windows or Lights . /. d. 100

8 - Do. 1 13 0

'9 Do. 220

10.Do. 2 16 0

11 - Do. 3 12 6

12 - Do. 496

x3 - Do. 566

l4 -.Do. - - 6 3 6

1S.Do. 700

16 - Do. 7 17 0

x7 - Do. 8 14 0

18 - Do.910 6

x9.Do. 10 7 6

20 - Do. 1146

21 - Do. 12 1 0

22.Do. 12 18 0

*3 - Do. -35 0

*4 - Do. 14 11 6

25'- Do. 15 8 6

26 - Do. 16 5 6

*7 - Do. 17 2 0

28 - Do. 17 19 0

29 - Do.-Do. 18 16 0

30 - 19 12 6

3X - Do. 2096

3* - Do. 21 6 6

33 - Do. 22 3 0

34 - Do. 23 0 0

35.Do. 23 16 6

36 - Do. 24 13 6

37 - Do. - 25 10 6

38 - Do. 26 7 0

39.Do* 27 4 0

283

Act altered, Ike.

284

C. 6t.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Schedule (A.)  continued*

In respect of40 to Windows or Lights . 28 X.7 d. 6

45 to 49 Do. 3i3 6

5 to 54 Do. 34 10 0

55 to 59 Do. 37 6 0

60 to 64 Do. 39 15 6

65 to 69 Do. 42 0 6

70 to 74 Do. 44 5 0

75 to 79 Do. 46 10 0

80 to 84 Do. 48 15 0

85 to 89 Do. 51 0 6

90 to 94 Do. 53 4 6

95 to 99 Do. 5996

ICO to 109 Do. 587 0

110 to 119 Do. 63 6 6

120 to 129 Do. 67 16 6

13 to39 Do. T 72 6 0

140 to49 Do. 76 16 0

150 to 159 Do. 81 5 6

160 to 169 Do. 85 >5 6

170 to 179 Do. 90 5 0

180 - Do. or upwards 93 2 6

And for every such Dwelling House which shall contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of 180 - 0 3 0

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties:

Any Warehouse or Workhouse being a distinct and separate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House nor Shop, nor occupied in part nor in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the same may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties:

Schedule (A.)  continued. the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deducted from the whole Charge of such House:

Any Hospital, Charity School or House provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison or Sessions House, or any Hall, Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein otherwise than in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any such Public Building being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to or employed in the same, or by any Servant of such Officer; and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall not contain more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows, at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if all such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House; and the Officers or Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servant such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers of inhabited Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same:

Any Dwelling House or other Building in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with or used for a Loom which shall be Handing at such Window, and really used in weaving

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

SCHEDULE (B.)

MALE SERVANTS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

NUMBER THEREOF. Amount of Duty payable for each Servant.

I such Servant - - - - , j. d 280

2 Do. - 3 2

3 Do. - - - 3 16 0

4 Do. - - - - 470

5 Do. - - 4 18 0

6 Do 5 3 0

7 Do. - S' 5 0

8 Do. - 5 12 0

9 Do. 620

io Do. - 6 13 0

ii Do. and upwards - - 7 13 0

RULES

C. 61.

A; IXi8is-

a8 6

55 GEO. III.

Schedule (B.)  continued.

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and shall be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Poftiilion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntfraan or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with any one or more of the same, and for every Servant hired with any Carriage or Horses for one Year, or any longer Period.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Servant (other than such as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Master is subject to Duty) who shall be really retained or employed for the Purpose of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall riot at any time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant:

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Institution;

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than One Servant, and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a- Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong, and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Master and Commander, in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army or Marines, provided such Officer shall retain nckmore than one such Servant only:, p, t<

Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exc^ediii^Spen Years by the Foundling* Hospital, the Hibernian School for Soldiers' Child"

Society, or any Society "o* Charitable^

Care aiuf Education oT ChUdren

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 61.

*1

SCHEDULE (C.)

CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE PERSON

retained or employed in the several Capacities after mentioned.

For every Mde Person employed by any Person in Trade or exercising any Profession whatever as a Clerk or Book Keeper or Office Keeper (except Apprentices for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward) the yearly Sum of For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid) for the Purpose of exposing to Sale or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of -

. 1. d.

200

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall retain or employ such Male Person or Persons, and shall be paid for every Male Person who shall be retained or employed in any of the said Capacities by any Person or Persons at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHEDULE (D.)

CARRIAGES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually on all CARRIAGES of any of the Descriptions after mentioned.

For Carriages with Four Wheels:

For 1 such Carriage, the Annual Sum of -

2 Do.

Do.'.

Do.

Do

Do. -

Do

Do.

9 Do. and upwards

And for every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Annual Sum of For Carriages with less than Four Wheels:

For every such Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more -

And for every such Carriage drawn by Two or more Horses,

Wares, Geldings or Mules

And for every additional Body successively used on the same Car-, ri&ge or Number, of Wheels, the further Sum of

. s. d.

12 0 0

13 0 0

H 0 0

*5 0 0

*5 15 O

16 8 O

*7 0 0

*2 12 O

9 3 O

6 6 O

7& % C. 61. - 55 GEO. 01. A4?* i 815^

Schedule (D.)  continued, -RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be respectively charged for every Coach,. Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan with Fftur Wliegjp 5 and for ev$ry Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Car, with lcfs than Four Wheels; and for any Number of &ph Carriages respectively; and for every other Carriage with Four Wheels, or frith less than Four Wheels respectively, used or to bp ufedt for the like Purposes by whatever Name or Names the same shall Be called or known which any Person shall keep or have in his pr Her Poffrffion at any time between the Fifth m Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following, or which shall be hired by the Year or any longer Period; and upon all such Carriages as shall be kept to be let out to hire by any Person letting out Horses to travel Post, or by the Mile, who shall charge, demand or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any such Carriage travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, than such Person charges for his or her own Carriage of the same Denomination travelling Post in like manner; and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Cafrriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or if more than One, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

EXEMPTIONS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaises and Coaches and other Carriages kept to be let for Hire, except such Carriage* kept to be let for Hire as are subject to Duty under the ^foregoing Rules for charging the said Duties

48 G. 3. c. 41. Carriages^ept^r Sale for whicK^Duty of One Pound or Ten Shillings shall have been aid by the Mater thereof, according to

the A for that Purpose.

SCHEDULE (E.)

HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for all HORSES! vhjAR^S and GELDINGS, kep by any Person or Persons for A the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Drawing any Carriage chargeable AkDuty.

i A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

Schedule (E.)  continued.

NUMBER OF HORSES.' Amount of r Duty for each Horse, Mare or Gelding.

For 7 such Horses, Mares or Geldings . 5 f. d. 19 6

8 Do. 5 19 6

9 v Do. 6 1 6

IO Do.* 6 7 0

ii Do. .' 6 7 0

12 Do. -. - 6 7 0

13 Do. 6 7 6

*4 " Do. -, 6 r

IS Do.*-, '. 6 7 6

16 - Do. 6 7 .6

17 Do. 6. 8 0

18 - Do. yJs 9\

19 Do. 6 10 0

20 Do. or upwards _ 6 12 0

RULES.for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall bd payable annually for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, which any Persons hall keep or have in his or her Possession, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, or which shall be hired by the Year or any longer Period, for the Purpose of riding or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage whatever, chargeable with Disty, and which Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons using such Horse, Mare or Gelding, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, under Three Years old

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, which shall be used truly and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry only on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse or other Bead, or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage j except such Carriages at are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation, of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belong, although such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be used for riding on the Occasions and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning, from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mane or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going.to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance, or for the Purpose of going to or from Market, or |o or from any Place of Public Worship, or to or from any Elec-tioflUrf Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court orjffltce, provided Inch Horse, Mare or Gelding shall not on any OoSBoo be used for fiv other Purpose, save as aforesaid

ff&Q. IIL One

I

C. 61.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Schedule ( E.)  continued.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty under this Act by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Person carrying on a Trade and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise:

One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used by any Non Commissioned Officer ox Private in any of the Regiments ox Cavalry, or in tin Artillery:

One Horse, Mare or Gelding, used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, whp shall have! attended on Horseback One Half at the least of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise or be on Duty in the Year and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or Permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

SCHEDULE (F.)

RACE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duty payable annually on RACE HORSES.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding boua side kept for the Purpose * d. of Racing, or running for any Plate, prize or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in Training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or ox any other Person or Personal. pjf d

SCHEDULE (G.)

DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties, payable annually on DOGS.

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the same fie his or her Property or the Property of any other Person or Persons For every Hotmd, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, where only One such Dog is kept For every Hound, Pointer, SAtjog Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dbg, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs of whatever Descriptdqn or Denomination the same may be, except Greyhounds, whether the same be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Persons For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Fbrfoo, having One such Dog and no more, whether the same/fie the Property of him, be* cw them, or the Property of spy pfter Person Persons, th* annual Sum of -' "V-

. s, d. 1 0 o

o ix

A.D. 1815.

j GEO. III.

Schedule (G.)  continued*

C.<Sr>6$.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp which shall not be actually of the Age of Six Calendar Months:

All Dogs kept by any Person who shall, in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Person in each Year, pay the full Sum of Thirty six Pounds British Currency, by way of Composition for all fuen Dogs, before the Twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

An Act to grant to tiis Majesty certain increased Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt.

[25th May 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Dudes herein after mentioned }' and do most humbly efeech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted y The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice id Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the me, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom lied Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid d f&twfied, unto and for the iJfe of His Majesty, his Heirs and iccessors, die several additional and increased Duties of Excise 'lowing} that is to say,

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground which Additional 11 have been, or shall be in the Possemon of any Person in Ireland, Duties, any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight idred and fifteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after passing Of this Act; and which shall have been charged of rgeable with the Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue Of Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing 48 G. 3. c. 78. this Act, an Excise Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence 53 0*3* c. 56. tish Currency, in Addition to the Duty witK which such Malt have been so charged or chargeable under any such Act or

: s: [Stcpo/l. c. 139. 4. 7.]

or and upon every Bartel of Malt, containing Four Bushels Win- New Duti. er Measure, which at any time or times from and after the iration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act shall be made arley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or ans whomsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence British Cut-t, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, to aid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all Paid by Maker* r payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in 53 <* 3* c*5& in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

I. And Whefeas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions 39 & 40 G. 3. the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that c. 67. efpeft of the increased and additional Duties imposed on Malt 3* ('*) e in Irelanii increased Countervailing Duties should be Charged c, 3* a Malt and upon Beer or Ale made in Great Britain respect-

CAP. LXII.

ively

C. 62.

A.D. 1815.

5 s' GEO. III.

Countervailing Duties paid on Malt and Beer.

ively imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail

the said increased and additional Duties Be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be charged on all such Malt, and on

all such Beer or Ale the Countervailing Duties following, in lieu r._il o-.* _r n____-__________v>__.* t.0 n

and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon such Malt, or on such Beer or Ale, under or by virtue of any

Malt.

Beer or Ale.

Exportation.

Drawback.

53 G. 3. c. 56.

53 0-3* c. 56. 4 3-

Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say,

For and upon every Barrel of Malt, containing Four Bulheli Winchester Measure, made in Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence British Currency

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing Thirty two Galions, brewed or made hi Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Twelve Shillings British Currency: And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt, or of any Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied respectively, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Malt and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain} and imported from thence into Ireland; and such Drawback shall be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect of such Malt or Beer oy Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Malt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be paid to every Person who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Drawbacks or Allowances following; that is to say,

For every Barrel of such Malt, containing Four Bushels Win* chester Measure, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Four pence British Currency; and for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale the Sum of Twelve Shillings British Currency

And all the said Drawbacks shall be paid by the Collector of In* land Excise and Taxes of the District from which such Malt or Beer or Ale shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, oh such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, as is requited by 47 G. 3. Self. a. an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His prefen^ Majesty's c. 16. 7. Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty until the Jliftl Bat of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Dudes bfl tot Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain'Goods, Wares and Merchandises, into and from Ireland^ & case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods jit rdfp^ft ofany bjfe^poty

New Drawbacks n Malt, &c.

C. 62.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

m

[Proviso.]

or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain, or elsewhere, shall continue to be paid and allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale so exported, upon which the additional or increased Duty in respect whereof the increased Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Act, shall not have been fully paid and satisfied: Provided also, that the increased Drawbacks and Allowances by this Act made payable, shall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on any Beer or Ale so exported, unless the Persons respectively who shall export such Malt, or Beer or Ale respectively, shall make Oath that the additional or increased Duties on account of which such Drawbacks shall be required respectively, have been fully paid and satisfied; and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the same.

V. And, in order to secure the additional Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence per Barrel on Malt imposed by this Act, be it enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and Officer to take may take an Account of the just and true Quantity of all Malt, Account of whether ground or unground, in the Possession of any Person in 1, 1

Ireland at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand Returns CoU* right hundred and fifteen, and on or before the Expiration of Ten leflor.

Days after the passing of this Act, in such manner as such Officer or Officers is or are now required by Law to take an Account if any Malt; and such Officer shall make a Return or Report in Vriting to the Collector of the District in which such Person shall efide, or in which his or her Malt House or Stores shall be situated, f the just and true Quantity of all such Malt, and of the Amount f the additional Duties payable thereon under and by virtue of iis Act, over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable lereon; and such Return or Report shall be a Charge on every ich Person respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen When the Duty at any of the Duties of Excise on Malt in Great Britain, granted' reduced in made payable by any Act in force in Great Britain at the time G* same Ra* the pamng of this Act, or any Part of such Duties in Great ritdin shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no jand> nger payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so ich of the Duty of Excise on Malt granted by this Act, and ide payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which dl so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Bri-n, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed and shall be payable in Ireland, at any time after the time when such ities of Excise, or any Part thereof, shall cease or determine, or repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain

I the Duty of Excise on Malt made payable by this Act, shall be uced accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons charged with Additional Duty said additional Duty on Mzdt shall, within Three Calendar p*'d On nths from the time they shall be charged therewith, pay to the Month act<f lector of the District all such Duty as shall be due from them ma

eftively, for or on account of any such additional Duty, unless 1 Malt shall be (boner removed, in which case the said addi-al Duty shall be paid for all such Malt, before the same shall U 3 be

m

c. 62.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

In cases of Removal of Malt within certain time, Persons obtaining Permit to pay additional Duty.

Money carried to Consolidated I'uncJ.

Neglecting Payment of Duty, fice.

[Penalty.]

Duties, 8lc. how levied and paid.

14 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. ic6.

fcc.

be removed', and before any Permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Malt for which a Permit shall have been granted at any time on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall have been sent out of the Stock or Possession of any Person, and shall not have arrived or come into the Stock or Possession of some other Person at some time before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this A A, so as to be chargeable with the said additional Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence by this Act imposed, such additional Duty of Four Shillings and Four pence shall be paid and payable by the Person who shall have obtained such Permit for the Removal of such Malt, as if such Malt bad remained and been in the Possession of such Person on or after the said First Day of May.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the several Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges of paying nd collecting the same being deducted, shall be carried to and math Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person so having Malt in his or her PossessioD, who shall not within the time aforesaid pay the additional Duty fb charged on all such Malt, or who shall remove any such Malt without having paid or cleared the said additional Duty, or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise, there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Malt, without having obtained from the proper Officer a Permit authorizing the Removal of such Malt so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay Double the Amount of such additional Duty chargeable on such Malt, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures* as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impofl upon

His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide fir the better Execution of the federal Acts relating to the Revenues* Matter! and Things under the Management of the CommifRonert of fjnjfav and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland1 ExSct. aai T.ants in, Ireland; or in or by any other Aift or A A* in hnd relating to the Rie venue of^of

Hfb AiDii8l5 55 GEO. III. C. 62*63* 64*

"43 late Majesty King Claries the Second, or any other Act or Acts

as aforesaid, i9 provided; and that all and every Act and Acts in .<i force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise on Malt, and all

is Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and

uij Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to

the raising, levying and collecting the new and additional Duties  by this Act granted on Malt, as fully and effectually to all Intents

and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to repeal the additional Duty on Britt/h-made Wine { or Sweets granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences, an additional Duty of Excise is imposed for Liquor made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever,

commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said, additional Duty j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said additional Duty shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as any such additional f)uty for or in respect of any such British-made Wine or Sweets to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge, or Sum Or Sums of Money.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to the granting Gratuities by the Fajl India Compafly.

[25th Maf 1 815. j 4 "iTFflEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty 4 W third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for continuing in the r East India Company, for a further Term, the Possessions of the Brkjfi Territories India, and for other jPurposes, after reciting that it Was expedient that the hud Company foould be put

U 4*under

*95

Acts in force extended to collecting Duties, &c.

Act altered, kt.

Ante, c. 30.

Duty on Sweets or Made Wines repealed.

Entries of Duties discharged.

530.5. c. 153.

C. 64, 65.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Company not charged with Gratuity unless approved by Commissioners for India Affaiis.

Copies of Warrants, See. laid before Parliament.

54 G. 3. c. 1.

J4 G. 3. c. ao.

PwmCons of as to Half AytoMmd WQ&mvf*

JL.-

- r

under reasonable Limitations in respect to the granting of Gra 4 tuitie8, it was enacted, that, from and after the passing thereof,

4 it Should not be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said

Company to charge the Funds of the said Company with the ' Payment of any Gratuity to any Officer, Civil or Military, or

any other Person, exceeding the Sum of Six Hundred Pounds, c unless the Grant or Resolution for that Purpose Should have been

sanctioned by the Court of Proprietors, and approved and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India;

+and that Copies of all Warrants or Instruments, granting any Salary, Pension or Gratuity, should be submitted to both Houses of Parliament within One Month after such Grant, if Parliament

Should be then fitting, or if not, within One Month after their then next Meeting: And Whereas the said last mentioned Enactment doth not fully effectuate the Intention expressed in the Preamble

thereto; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or for the Court of Directors of the said Comparfy, with the Sanction of the Court of Proprietors of the said Company, to charge the Funds of the said Company with the Payment of any Gratuity to any Officer, Civil or Military, or other Person exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, unless the Grant or Resolution for that Purpose shall have been approved and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and that Copies of all Warrants or Instruments granting any Salary, Pension or Gratuity, shall be submitted to toth Houses of Parliament, within One Month after such Grant, if Parliament should be then fitting, or if not within One Month after their then next Meeting.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War: And Whereas another

Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and to extend the Provi/tons thereof to the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon: And Whereas Doubt*

have arisen as to Half Pay of Officers appointed by His?'

to serve in Provisional Battalions of Militia under the Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excelledh atfd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirits

fod Commons, ifc this presentPfeffiament < -

I r'hdr mfmti Tt*

297

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

0.6$.

of the said recited Acts, and who shall have served upon extended pointed to serve

Service under the said Acts, as c "'"'11 Intents lnPrv'lfional

- , Battalions.

by His Majesty under the said Acts; any thing in the said Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled Captain in to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Militia not to Pay, during the time he shall serve as a Captain in the Militia, but SamToath u * the same shall nevertheless continue; and every such Captain shall Subalterns, take the like Oath as Subalterns in the Militia receiving Half Pay,

III. And whereas the Militia of some of the Counties, Ridings and Places in Great Britain, have been kept embodied after the Militia of other Counties have been disembodied; and it is therefore reasonable and expedient that the Expence incurred, in Allowances to the Wives and Families of such Militia, should be Allowance t

reimbursed Be it therefore enacted, That all Sums of Money which Wives and shall have been paid, by any County, Riding, Stewartry, Division, Families of City, Town or Place, in Great Britain, or by any Parish, Town- Militia retained, ship or Place therein, for or in respect of any Allowance to the em^jied aft*r Wives or Families of any Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers repaid.006 1

or Private Men, of the Militia of England or Scotland respectively, after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the Acts in force in relation to such Allowances in England and Scotland respectively, shall, upon the Certificate of Two or more of the Justices of the Peace in England or of any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace in Scotland, be repaid, by the respective Receivers General in England, and by the Collectors of the Cess in Scotland, to the Treasurers or Overseers of the Poor or Parish Officers respectively, or other Persons, of the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns or Places, for or in respect of which such Allowances shall have been advanced, out of any Public Monies in: heir Hands; and all such Payments shall be allowed in other Ac-rounts of such Receivers General respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which a If sufficient Of-ufficient Number of Officers cannot be found within the Town fibers cannot be ffhere any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or found for Court Drummer of the Militia while disembodied, is to be tried by any i)0d^MilitiT* ^ourt Martial, or within Ten Miles thereof, it shall be lawful for officers ordered he Colonel, or the Commandant or Senior Field Officer, as the case to attend, lay be, to order any such Number of other Officers of the Militia f the County, Riffing or Place, to which the Regiment shall be->ng, residing beyond such Ten Miles, as may be necessary to cornicle the Court Martial, to attend and assist as Members of the !ourt, who shall at the time required thereupon attend and assist: cordingly; and all such Officers shall be entitled to Pay during Pay and travel-ich Attendance, and to One Shilling and Six pence for every Mile ling Money, ir going to such Court Martial at the Commencement thereof and turning after the Conclusion of the Proceedings of the Court.

V. And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the 43 0.3. c. 19. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled <dn Ji8 to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for Twenty right Days: Awl Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty.

should be empowered to order and direct the Assembly for Train-

and Purposes as to Officers

accepted

ing

Number of Days for Training lessened.

4 % G. 3. c. 91.  X02.

Depots for Arms of Scotch Militia.

5* G. 3. c. 68. 11*

51 G. 3. c.ao. 5 23-

Families of Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers employed on Recruiting Service relieved.

C. 65.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1&fy

ing and Exercise for a kfs Period than Twenty eight Days; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that the Militia shall be trained and exercised for any Period not exceeding Twenty eight Days in any Year, as His Majesty shall deem most expedient} any thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia of Great Britain to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to reufe and ( establish a Militia Force in Scotland: And Whereas no Provisioa

is made in the said Act for the Expence of providing convenient

Places for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and

other Stores, of the Militia under the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That such convenient Places and Depots shall be provided for the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores* of the Regular Militia of Scotland, in like Manner and under such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are contained, in relation to Places and Depots for the Arms and Clothing of the Local Militia, in an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.

VII. And Whereas certain Persons serving in the Militia of Great Britain, as Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, hate

lately been and are now employed in raising Men for the Militia*' < by Beat of Drum, under an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of

His Majesty's Reign; and it is reasonable that their Families should

receive the same Relief as if the corps to which they belongedwere embodied Be it therefore enacted, That where any such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, who shall be so employed on the Recruiting Service, shall have left a Family at the Head Quarters of the Regiment unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish, Tything or Township, where the Family of such Person shall dwell, shall, by Order of some one Justke of the Peace, pay to the Family of every such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything or Township, such and the like Weekly Allowance as would have been payable to such Family under any Act now in force, if such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer had been embodied and called out into actual Service \ such Allowance to commence and be calculated from the Fourteenth Day of April next before the passing of this Act, and to be continued daring the time such Non Commissioned: Officer and Drummer shall be anedt from Head Quarters* upon such Recruiting Service 5 and if any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer belonging to the Militia of Great Britain, who shall hereafter be employed in the Recruiting Serried shall-leave a> Family at the Head Quarters of the Regiment unable ter support themselves, although the Militia to which such Not Ctim* nnfioned Officer or Drummer shall belong, shall not be embodied such. and the like Allowance shall be payable to the Family of such Mon Commissioned Officer or Drummer* during the time hh.shall be nfclfr nt hwk Head Quartern upon fu^, Rrtfriurtg. f*"

under any Law t

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C .65. 2<#

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Surgeon of Militia, Attendances of who shall be required by any Two Deputy Lieutenants to attend Surgeon, and the Enrolment of any Man or Men in the Militia, for the Purpose Allowance for of examining such Man or Men, at any Place specified by such xaminat, on* Deputy Lieutenants, and not being more than Ten Miles from the

Place of the Head Quarters of the Regiment where such Surgeon is bound toreside, shall and he is hereby required to attend at the Time and Place required, without any Fee or Reward, except an Allow- Fee. ance of One Shilling for each and every Mile of going to and returning from such Place of Attendance: Provided always, that in case Proviso uo Surgeon of the Militia shall reside within such Distance of Ten Miles from the Place of Enrolment, it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants to summon any other competent Surgeon, who shall upon such Summons, with Two Dajs' Notice in Writing of the Time and Place at which he will be required to attend, attend accordingly, and examine into the Fitness of the Man or Men to be enrolled; md every such Surgeon shall in any such case be entitled to receive md shall have for such Attendance a Sum not less than One Guinea lor exceeding Two Guineas, as the Deputy Lieutenants shall direct Feew n that behalf, for each Day's Attendance upon every such Examin-ition; and every Surgeon of Militia, or other Surgeon, shall, before le shall begin any such Examination, take the following Oath;

?hich Oath any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to admi-ifter; viz.

I A.B. do swear, That I will, to the best of my Ability, faith- Oath.

fully and truly report as to the Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted to my Examination; and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or Reward whatever for any such Examination.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That in any case of the Ulness or Vies Lieutewnt bfence from any County, Riding or Stewarty in Great Britain, authorized by the Lieutenant thereof, it shall be lawful for the Vice Lieutenant Lieutenant, may'such County, Riding or Stewartry, being authorized for that ^ant lrpose by the Lieutenant, to grant CommissioHS to Officers to f, ons> aD(j M rve in the Militia of such County, Riding or StewaFtry, upon any Lieutenant, acancy which shall then happen, in like manner as the Lieutenant ereof; and to do all Acts, Matters and Things which might wfully be done by the Lieutenant, and the same stall be good and lid in Law, as if done by the Lieutenant himself.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Ballotted Man fhatt be Ballotted Me*; mpt from faring hr the Militia of Great Britain, by reafou of of Five Feet ng under the Height of Five Feet Four Inches, provided such I"* in shall be of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches; any thing in uble to erve* f Act. or Acts (a) of Parliament refating to the Militia of Great

itam to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [See 42 G. 3.

0.  4*6. f.91. $48.]

J

3o

C. 66.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

38 G. 3* c. 89.

89.

 9*.

S90.9I-43 O. 3* c. Sch. (C.)

69.

55 G- 3- (*)

f Si*.

47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 30. 1.

5*G. 3. c. 107.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty-free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen and Cotton; for repealing the Excise Duties on Glauber Salt, and on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland; and to allow a further Drawback on Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol.

[25th May 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled an Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salts and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid there*

out, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon, the whole of the Duties then payable on Salt of English Manufacture (deducting Seven and a Half per Centum in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air) were directed to be drawn back and allowed to actual Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, for all Salt of English Manufacture, used, employed, spent and consumed in making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in England, for the Purpose of being made uleof in the Bleaching of Linen and Cotton; and the whole of the Duties then payable on Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland,

deducting as aforesaid, were also directed to be drawn back and allowed to actual Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, for all Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland, used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid in Scotland; under and subject to the Rules, Regulations and Provisions by the said Act in that behalf provided and prescribed: And Whereas by another Act made in the Forty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the said Duties were repealed, and other Duties on Salt imposed, and Allowances of the said last mentioned Duties (deducting as aforesaid) were made for all Salt used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid: And Whereas by another Act made in the Fifty fifth (a) + Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting Additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, Additional Duties were imposed on Salt made in Great Britain; and by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, an Allowance was made of the said Additional Duties for all Salt used, employed, spent and consumed in making such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid: And by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of Hi# laid Majesty's Reign, the said Allowances were extended to Salt used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxygenated '4 Muriatic Acid, for the Purpose of being made use of in the Bijeaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twist: And Wherett jit* expedient to discontinue the said Allowance* and to all of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Ox^iauriate of

lvelyj to take Salt in manner herejajTO met

<)

: ed by

C. 66.

301

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

4 Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching*Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Allowances to r the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the cease-said Allowances shall cease and determine; and from and after that Makers to re-Day it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Sak^Vork^for Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime in Great Britain, to receive and have delivered to him, her or them from and out of genated Muri-any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit atic Acid, on or Salt Work, Salt for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, for the Bnd for.ks due sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Appropriation. Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid, upon Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Two or more of them, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them respectively for that Purpose, being first given in Double the Duty of such Salt, and that all such Salt shall without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch be carried and removed to, and delivered at and on the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime Work or Works specified in the Condition of k such Bond or Security; and also that all such Salt shall, within Six Months next ensuing the Date of such Bond, be really and truly employed, spent and consumed at the said Work or Works by such Maker or Makers in the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed, in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime, for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid: Provided, What Quantity hat no such Maker or Makers shall obtain, receive or have any such of Salt delivered. Salt so delivered to him, her or them, in any less Quantity than Fifty 3u(hels, nor unless such Maker or Makers shall have first made such ilntry as herein after mentioned. Entry.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Salt shall be delivered No Salt deliver-rom or out of any Warehouse belonging to or adjoining any Salt ed but in Per-line, Salt Pit or Salt Work, for or under Pretext of making lene _Officer* )xygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, but in the Pre- ^"try  Qu*n' ?nce of the proper Officer of Excise, who shall make and keep an '.ntry in Writing, containing the true and real Weight or Quantity f the Salt so delivered, together with the Day and Hour of such lelively, and the Name of the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated [uriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, to or for whom the same all be so delivered* and the Place where the Oxygenated Muriatic cid or Oxymuriate of Lime Work or Works of such Maker or Makers,

Makers to take out Licence*

Regulations atto granting Licences.

Duty on Licence.

C. 66.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Makers, at which such Salt is so intended to be used, employed, spent and consumed as aforesaid, shall be situate.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, before he, she or they shall begin to make or manufacture any Oxy-

fenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall take out such licence or Licences, authorizing him, her or them, to make and manufacture Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them; which Licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make any such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England ior the time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the thnt being, shall from time to time appoint for that Putpose; but if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons td whom the same shall be granted, to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, in any Part of the Kingdom of England, out of the Limits of the said Chief Office, the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective CoUe&ioo* and DistriCb; and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the ferns shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being; or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them, in any Part of Scotland, out of the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and JXbi&s; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or Two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, and sdfo all such CoUe&ors and Supervisors are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, on the Person or Persons applying for the same fim paying the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings for each such Licence which shall be granted previous to the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and f to authorise the Person or Persons to whom tre same shall be g to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of LWo#.either of them, until the said Tenth Day of October? and the 8 of Five Pounds for each such Licence which shall ftc gm authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same ftudibe'j to make Oxygenated Muriatic Acid ttd*Mhnriatt either of them, after the feud Tentfc DrtM Qfe&H

C. 66.

33

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Licence Duty Money by this Act directed to be paid for such Licences respect- to whom Pa, d* ively shall be paid for such respective Licences to such Persons as

are herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; that is, to such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits 01 the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out of any Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the Collector of Excise granting such Licence.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall Licences renew-nake any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or ed yeaxl/ tither of them, after the Expiration of such his, her or their Licence,

mlefs such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence for the ike Purpose, in the manner hereinbefore directed, Ten Days at the east before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like nanner renew every such Licence from Year to Year and if any Won or Persons shall make or manufacture, or begin to make or lanufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of iinie, or either of them, without taking out a Licence authorizing im, her or them so to do, or, as the case may require, renewing the ime as hereinbefore in that behalf directed, the Person or Persons > offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum Penalty, f Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted How long ader or by virtue of this Act shall remain and continue in force Licences to re-itil and upon the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the granting maul in orce* >ereof, and no longer: Provided always nevertheless, that Persons Partnerships one

Partnership, and carrying on the Making or Manufacturing of ticencff^>ron xygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either ofuttery. ?m, in one House or Place only, shall not be obliged to take out )re than one Licence in any one Year, for making such Oxygenated uriatic Add and Oxymuriate of Lime, or either of them; and no Licence to ex-e Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall au- teud only to 3rize or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall Houses, &c for granted, to make or manufacture Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or wh'ch EntTy cymuriate of Lime, in any other Workhouse, Warehouse, Store- ma e* jfe, Room or other Place, than such Workhouse s, Warehouses, irehouses, Rooms or other Places, whereof Entry shall have been ie by such Maker or Makers at the Office of Excise, in his, her iheirown Name or NameB, for making such Oxygenated Muriatie id and Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, or one of them, at the c of granting such Licence.

/II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Makers, to Tons shall, before he, she or they shall presume to begin to make maka EntTy of anufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Work* ie, make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Work-fe, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place, and aMb of y Utensil or Vessel by him, her or them respectively made use or infcnded to be made use of, in or for the keeping of Sah^ iolic Acid or Manganese, or in or for the making, raamrfafttu>

ing

C. 66.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Makers to have Words M Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid" painted over Doors.

[Penalty.]

Officers may enter Warehouses, Sec. to take Account.

Makers to assist Officers in taking Account of Salt.

ing or keeping of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Residuum or Materials remaining, arising or produced from the Manufacture of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place respectively shall be situate; and if any Person or Persons shall begin to make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime without first making such Entry, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, and all the Materials proper to be made into Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or into Oxymuriate of Lime, together with all the Utensils and Vessels used in making or manufacturing such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which shall at any time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place made use of in or for the making or keeping of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymu* riate of Lime, whereof no such Entry shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall cause to be painted in large legible Characters over the outward Door, or in the Front or on some conspicuous Part of each and every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place by him, her or them respectively made use of for the making, manufacturing or keeping of Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, the Words " Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, " upon pain of forfeiting for every such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place which shall be so made use of by any such Maker or Makers without having the said Word* so painted as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, to enter into all and every the Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Room* and other Places, made use of by any Maker or Makers- of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime from Salt, for the Purpose of making, storing or keeping Salt, Vitriolic Acid or Manganese, or of making or manufacturing Oxygenated Muriatic Add or Oxymuriate of Lime, or of storing or keeping any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, and to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Muriatic Acid, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, and of all the Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains of Salt, or any other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture, Production or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker <r Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall, when and so often as he, she or they shall be thereunto required'tytlfe proper Officer of Excise, with a sufficient Number of hivhfttQ&their Servants, aid and assist to the utmost of has her or their I Officer or Officers in weighing and tajpngflta&ccounti m.hiv Jip; Orheir Quftodr or -

imM

A

1?.m*

x.

C. 6S.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

3S

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Maker to give Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime re- Notice of Inten-spectively shall, before he, she or they shall begin to mix with Salt j^teriau!* any Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water, give to the Officer of Exr cife under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, Six Hours' previous Notice in Writing, if his, her or their Premises in which such Salt shall be intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, or Water, shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; Twelve Hours' Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any \ City, or in the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market t Sic.

Town; and Twenty four Hours' Notice in Writing if such Premises shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, her or their Intention so to mix with Salt such Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Salt, Vitriolic Acid and Manganese (if unrectified Vitriolic Acid is intended to be used without Water), specifying in such Notice the Weight of the Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively, or if f the Salt, unrectified Vitriolic Acid and t Sif-Manganese, as the case may require, intended to be mixed, with the Date of the Permit under which such Salt was received by him, her or them, and the time of such Receipt, together with the whole Quantity of Salt expressed in such Permit, and the particular Salt Sine, Salt Pit or Salt Work from which such Salt was received, and he particular Time and Hour at which he, she or they intends or ntend so to mix with such Salt, such Vitriolic Acid, Manganese nd Water respectively; and the proper Officer of Excise shall attend Officer to attend, mrfuant to such Notice; and such Maker or Makers shall irryne- and Maker to iiately on such Officer's Attendance, or within One Hour after the J^Mweriah ime specified in such Notice, begin to weigh, separate and part from we 6tem ach other, in the Presence of such Officer, all such Salt, Vitriolic tcid, Manganese and Water respectively, so intended to be mixed, id shall without Delay or Interruption proceed in and continue ich Weighing, until all such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Iater respectively, specified in such Notice, shall be weighed; and I and every such Maker or Makers shall without Delay or Inter-ption, after such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or ilt. Vitriolic Acid and Manganese (if unrectified Vitriolic Acid intended to be used without Water), shall have been weighed, mix e same respectively in the Presence of such Officer: And if any Penalty, aker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Mixing without me shall begin to mix with any Salt any Vitriolic Acid, Manga- Notice, &c. fe or Water, without having given such Notice as is in that half hereinbefore dire.&ed to be given, or having given any such >tice and begun to weigh in the Presence of such Officer any such It, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water respectively> in pursuance rcof, shall neglect or refuse to proceed in or continue any such ighing until the same shall be finished, or shall after such Salt, riolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Salt, Vitriolic Acid and nganefe (if unrectified Vitriolic Acid, is intended to be used with-Water) shall have been weighed, neglect or refuse to mix the e respectively, in the Presence of such Officer in manner herein->re in that behalf directed, every such Maker or Makers shall, for Penalty, y fucj) Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Pro- Officer not to d always nevertheless, that no Officer or Officers of Excise IhaSl

55 GtO< III. X^jinow.

C. 66.

306

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

What Quantity of Salt Maker permitted to mix.

Attendance of Officer.

[Proviso.]

Officer to grant Certificates of mixing.

at any time be obliged to attend the Mixture of any such Salt or other Ingredients oftener than Once in Two Days, nor at any other time than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Six in the Evening; and any Notice given for any such Mixing at any other time than between the said Hours, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes: Provided also, that no Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall be at Liberty to mix with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or any or either of them, at any one time, any less Quantity than Two Bushels of Salt, nor shall any such Maker or Makers be at Liberty to mix or make use of any Water, unless the Vitriolic Acid used in such mixing shall be rectified.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where at the Works of any such Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, there shall at any rate be Officers of Excise in daily Attendance at such Works, and between the Hours of Five of the Clock in the Morning and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Account of Soap making or any other Excise Manufacture there carried on, then and in that case such Officers shall be obliged to attend daily once in each Day the Mixture of such Salt and other In-gredients as aforesaid, such Officer neverthelelefs not being obliged to attend longer than Two Hours*after the Hour at which his Attendance shall have been required in the Notice hereby directed to be given, or at any other Hour than the Hour specified in such Notice: Provided always, that if any additional Expence shall wife in consequence of such Attendance, the same shall be borne by the Parties requiring it.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers attending, and seeing any Quantity of Salt not less than Two Bulheli mixed in manner authorized by this Act for the Purpose of being uft d, employed, spent and consumed in making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and CottonCloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, em*

yed, spent or consumed in the making of Oxymuriate of Lime For the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid, and upon receiving or having received an authentic Permit for such Salt, he shall give and grant to the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid entitled to receive the same, a Certificate, specifying the Quantity of Salt so mixed, used and employed as aforesaid; and upon such Maker's producing to the Codleftor of Excise of the Collection in which the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid Works shall be situated, such Certificate, and making Oath before such Collector (which Oath such Collector is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) that all the Salt mentioned in such Certificate has been duly and dorfe Certificate, dona Jide used, employed, spent and consumed iu making such Ox^ genated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid, for the sole Purpose of Bkaefting Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of-1^ "

Cotton, or to be used, employed.

On Maker's

Production of Certificate, and on Oath of Application of Salt, Collt'Ctor to en-

C. 66.

37

Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for the Purpose of discharging such Bond or Security in manner herein after mentioned.

XIV. And, for the Purpose of preventing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid from imposing on the Officer or Officers, Salt mixed with adulterating Materials, as or for Salt by this Act authorized to be delivered from or out of any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, be it further enacted, That no Certificate of any such Mixing as aforesaid shall be granted, for or in respect of any Salt or Saline Substance, other than genuine merchantable Salt, otherwise called Muriate of Soda, unmixed with any Dirt, Rubbish, or other extraneous Material or Ingredient whatsoever, such merchantable Salt being in the usual and ordinary State of Dryness, and fit and proper for fairing Provisions for the Food of Man; nor shall any such Certificate of Mixing be granted for any more or other Salt than shall be actually mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, in the presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and in the Proportion of at least Forty four Pounds Weight of rectified Vitriolic Acid, Twenty Pounds Weight of Manganese and Ten Pounds Weight of Water, to every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Salt; or of Fifty six Pounds Weight of unrectified Vitriolic Acid, Twenty Pounds Weight of Manganese and no Water, to every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Salt; nor shall any such No certificate Certificate of Mixing be granted unless the Vitriolic Acid made use "nl*fs Vitriolic of in such Mixing shall be at the least of the specific Gravity herein- (|)gcifi Gravity, after mentioned; that is to fav, if the Vitriolic Acid so made use of shall be rectified, the same shall be of the specific Gravity compared with Water at One thousand of One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or such that a Vessel capable of containing Ten Ounces of Water only shall be capable of containing not more than Eighteen Ounces and a Half of such rectified Vitriolic Acid; and if the Vitriolic Acid so made use of shall be unrectified, the same shall be at the least of a specific Gravity compared with Water at One thousand of not less than One thousand six hundred and fifty, or such that a Vessel capable of containing Ten Ounces of Water only shall be capable of containing not more than Sixteen Ounces and a Half of such unreftified Vitriolic Acid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers to pro-Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or of Oxymunate of Lime Vld* Sc*ie, &c* shall, and he, she and they is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she or they shall make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, and shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a convenient and proper Place, to be approved of by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such Place shall be situate, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same at all times for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water respectively, and also the Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains of Salt, or any other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which mail at any time be in the Possession X a of

In what case Certificate not granted.

C. 66.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Using.&c. false Scales, &c.

[Penalty.]

Makers to provide Hydrometer, &c.

Neglecting, &c* of such Maker or Makers respectively; and if any such Maker or to rovide Makers shall neglect or refuse to provide or to keep Cuch Scales and

ca es, fcc. Weights, or either of them, or shall not at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix in manner aforesaid, such fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place, to be approved as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same; or if any such Maker or Makers shall, in the Weighing of any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese or Water, or of any such Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains as aforesaid, make use of or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust or insufficient Scales or Weights, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Water, Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remain* respectively; then, and in every such case, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weights respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or of Oxymuriate of Lime, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby also required to provide and keep, at the Place or Places where he, she or they shall make or manufacture any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, a proper, sufficient and just Hydrometer, and also a proper, sufficient and just Measure, for trying and ascertaining the specific Gravity of all his, her or their Vitriolic Acid to be mixed with Salt, Manganese or Water, for the Purpose of making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid; and also to permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same respectively, for trying and ascertaining the specific Gravity of such Vitriolic Acid as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to provide or to keep such Hydrometer and Measure as aforesaid, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same or either of them; or if any such Maker or Makers shall, under Pretence of trying or ascertaining the specific Gravity of any such Vitriolic Acid, or of having such specific Gravity tried or ascertained, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any

Hydrometer, &c. false, unjust or insufficient Hydrometer, Instrument or Measure, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from trying or ascertaining the just and true specific Gravity of any such Vitriolic Acid; then and in every such case all and every such Maker or Makers so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum or Fifty Pounds, together with such false, unjust or insufficient Hydrometer, Instrument and Measure respectively.

XVII. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing hereur*on-

increase Bleach- tained shall extend* or be deemed or construed to extendi tp indttafe Mixin* nor"tof frequency of mixing or mingling of Salt, allowediby ^Xg*!

increase'Quan- IP immediately before the paP

tity of Salt mix- LtoroorCotton, or of Linen or 4; nor to Tub-'^'

Officers to use same.

Neglecting, &c. to keep Hydrometer, &c.

Ufine kc. false

[Penalty.]

Proviso not to

A.D. 18ij. 55 GEO. III. C <fc. 39

such Bleacher not so licensed from mixing or mingling any Quantity nated Muriatic of Salt not less than One Bushel with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Act '> or 3nV Water, in the Proportions prescribed by this Act, such Vitriolic Acid i>a, t 0 e c* being of the specific Gravity direct ?d by this Act; or to subject any actual Bleacher of Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twill, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, to any such Licence, if such Bleacher shall not at any time fell, deliver or otherwise dispose of to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or any of the Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains of any Salt, or other Material or Materials by him or her used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or any Preparation or Mixture containing any Glauber Salt, or Residuum, Caput Mortuum, Refuse or Remains thereof, but shall expend and make use of the whole of the Oxygenated Muriatic Acid by him or her made, in his or her own Bleaching of Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured o^ Linen or Cotton; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers Increifing of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall, before of Salt

the mixing of any Salt intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, vva^er "vc" sub-Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, under rtituting Salt of" or by virtue of this Act, clandestinely add to such Salt any Water on Receipt for or other Liquor, or any extraneous or adulterating Material or Ma- another, or Salt teriala, or Substance or Substances whatsoever, nor shall clandestinely de, lvered increase the Weight of any such Salt, or shall attempt or endeavour Ad so to do, by putting, depositing, laying or keeping the same in any delivered, wet, moist or damp Place, or by wilful or unnecessary Exposure of such Salt to a humid Atmosphere or other Moisture; and if any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime shall, before the mixing of any Salt intended to be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, under or by virtue of this Act, clandestinely add to such Salt any Water or other Liquor, or any extraneous or adulterating Material or Materials, or Substance or Substances whatsoever; or shall clandestinely increase the Weight o*f any such Salt, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, by putting, depositing, laying or keeping the same in any wet, moist or damp Place, or by wilful or unnecessary Exposure of such Salt to a humid Atmosphere or other Moisture; or shall mix or weigh, for the Purpose of mixing with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, any Salt of one Receipt or Delivery or Permit as or for Salt of another Receipt or Delivery or Permit, or any Salt not received by or delivered to him, her or them, from or out of any Warehouse belonging or adjoining to any Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, under or by virtue of this Act, as or for Salt received by or delivered to him, her or them, from or out of any such Warehouse under or by virtue of this Act; the Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Penalty. Pounds, together with all such Salt and the Calks or other Packages containing the lame,

X 3 XIX. And

C. 66.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Salt brought in without Permit.

[Penalty.]

On Receipt of Salt, Notice fiven to Officer.

[Penalty.]

Salt of each Receipt or Delivery kept separate from all other, till mixed with Vitriolic Add and Man. anefe.

[Penalty.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be brought into any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place, made use of by any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, without an authentic Permit granted and given according to Law, which Permit shall be produced to and left with the Officer of Excise; under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all such Salt so brought in without such Permit, or without such Permit being produced to and left with such Officer of Excise, and the Calks and Package# containing the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, who shall receive any Salt, shall within Six Hours next after such Salt shall be received or delivered at or into any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place, to him, her or them belonging, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, Notice in Writing of the Receipt and Delivery thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refute to give any such Notice, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all Claim to any Certificate for or in respect of any mixing thereof with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or any of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or of Oxymuriate'of Lime, shall from time to time and at all times, keep all Salt received by him, her or them, under or by virtue of each Permit, separate and apart from all other Salt in his, her or their Custody or Possession; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to keep such Salt and every Part thereof respectively received by him, her or them, under or by virtue of each Permit, separate and apart from all other Salt, until such Salt so received under or by virtue of such Permit shall be mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, according to the Directions of this Act; or shall mix any Sait of one Receipt or Delivery with any Salt of any other Receipt or Delivery; then and in every such case the Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

UfingSalt delivered to Makers for any other Purpose than making Muriatic Acid.

[Penalty.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, to whom or for whose Use or on whose Account any Salt shall be so delivered, or in case any other Person or Persons shall use the same, or any Part thereof, or any Acid Materials to be produced therefrom after being used in the making of such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime as aforesaid, for any other Purpose than that of making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linens Cotton Yarn or Twist, or other Goods manufactured of Linoy Cotton, 'or that of being used, employed^(pent -

- muriate of I'

& Person or 1

C. 66.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

31*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers may lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and all such Sample*. Officers are hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples of any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Muriatic Acid, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, Muriate of Potash, Potash, Soda, or any other Salt or Acid, or any Materials alleged or pretended to be, or passing under the Denomination of Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Muriatic Acid, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid,

Oxymuriate of Lime, Muriate of Potash, Potash, Soda, or any other Salt or Acid, at any time in the Custody or Possession of any

Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate

of Lime, paying for the same (if demanded) the Value thereof;

and in case any Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid Makers refuting

or Oxymuriate of Lime shall refuse to permit any such Officer Or officer>*

Officers to take any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their paying for the same (if demanded) such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose Penalty, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall Onus probandi. arise, whether any Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, which shall be seized as or for Salt, Oxygenated

Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any other Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, be Salt, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or such other Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, the Proof of such Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials so seized, not being Salt, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or such other Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers Makers remov of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall hide, ing, &c. Salt, conceal, take, remove or carry away, or cause, procure, permit orc. to evade suffer to be hidden, concealed, taken, removed or carried away,

any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, officer . Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Salt, or other Material, arising or produced in or from the making or preparing of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, for the Purpose of preventing the Discovery or Examination thereof by any Officer or Officers of Excise, the Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to- peBajt. gether with all the Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Salt, or other Material, arising or produced in or from the making or preparing of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, so hidden, concealed, taken, removed or carried away.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Bond or Security Bondi dif-ai aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharged, upon such Maker charged, on Pro-or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime duttum of Offi-producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Cer- c*Ut< tificate, under the Hand of the Officer or Officers of Excise, in 0 lxm' whose Presence the said Salt shall have been mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Vitriolic Acid and Manganese in ihaaner hereinbefore mentioned, testifying that all and every Part X 4 of

C. 66.

3X*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

; ich Warrant

Oith.

of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security had been really and truly weighed in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and mixed with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or Manganese and Vitriolic Acid, in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and flating the time or times of such mixing or mixings, and the Quantity of Salt so weighed and mixed at each such time, for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the sole Purpose of Bleaching Linen or Cotton Cloth, or Linen and Cotton Cloth, or Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twill, or other Goods manufactured of Linen or Cotton, or to be used, employed, spent or consumed in making Oxymuriate of Lime for the sole Purpose of such Bleaching as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have cause to suspect that any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime is privately making in any Place or Places whatsoever, or that any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime privately made, is kept or deposited in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be privately making, or if privately made, to be kept or deposited (which respective Oaths they the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, and Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under hit and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively to be privately making, or if privately made to be kept or deposited, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, which he, she or they shall then and there find privately making, together with all Materials fit or proper for making the same respectively, which he or they shall then and there find, and all such privately made Oxygenated Muriatic Acid and Oxymuriate of Lan* respectively, which he or they shall then and there find$.and ifcinr bftrurting, &c. Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct or hinder any iwh w*fr 0cer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any otherjferftp* or JPersons acting in hi or their Aid or Aifiilance, in f*"* of^nyLuch Warrant, or of any Warrant]

S'oLE^cdfe, or any T.wo or 1

Constables.

C. 66.

3*3

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate or Lime to be so making, or any such privately made Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime to be kept or deposited, or in seizing or carrying away any Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Material fit or proper for making the same respectively, so seized, or any Substance, Matter or Thing seized as or for Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or as or for any such Materials as aforesaid, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Bishing.&e. fons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence officers* or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament hereafter to be made, relating to Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime; or to neglect to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer or Officers, in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament; or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Regulations by this or any such other Act or Acts of Parliament prescribed, or not to discover the same; all and every the Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence (whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not) forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Penalty. Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Obtruding, shall assault, refill, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or cer* Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the

Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers; or shall by Force or Violence, after such Officer shall have seized any Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese Water, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters or Materials, as or for Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Substance, Matter or Thing, forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, rescue or cause to be rescued any such Salt, Vitriolic Acid, Manganese Water, Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or any Substance, Matter or Material,

Substances, Matters or Materials, after the same shall have been seized by any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do; or after such Seizure, or whilst any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to seize any such Salt,

Vitriolic Acid, Manganese Water, Matter or Material, shall stave, break or otherwise destroy or damage any Cask, Vessel, Bottle, Jar or other Package, wherein the same shall be contained; all and every the Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence, for which no other Penalty is particularly provided or imposed by this A A, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons Perjury, who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any case in which

Makers not to

aft as Justices.

C. 66.

SS*G EO.m.

a.d. 1815,

penalties, kc. how recovered} kc.

43 G. 3. c. 69. Sch. (A.) (C.) 45 G. 3. c. 14. 1, a.

As to Glauber Salt repealed.

54 G. 3. c. 183* repealed.

Powers of 12 Car. 3. c. 24. ftc. extended to

Aa.

which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being a Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, or who is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making or dealing in Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respectively, shall during such time as he or they shall be so interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making or dealing in Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, aft as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall in any wise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such Power or Authority, or to do any Act hereby authorized to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts so executed or done by such Person or Persons shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further er.acted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXXIII. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duties of

Excise now payable on Glauber Salt made or produced in Great Britain, and the Drawbacks by Law granted or allowed on the

Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts as Merchandize Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said Duties and Drawback! shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying an? Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, and incurred before or on the said last mentioned Day.

[See as to Epsom Salt, post. c 162.]

XXXIV. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Act here.

inafter mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excise m Bleaching Power imported from Ireland, shall be and the same it hereby repealed.

[Sect. 6. previouslj repealed, ante, c. 38.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and ever* the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Glatifoi, rafteri and Things, which in and by an Act mSde in the'ft* Reign of H late Majesty Kinthef Afedia for taking away the C

n*dh mm

3*5

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. ID. C. 66, 67.

Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided or established (other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, and for preventing, detesting and punishing Frauds and Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules,

Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXXVI. And Whereas an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year 50 G. 3. c. 4.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dif continuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing 4 a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of VitrioU whereby Nine Tenth Parts of the Duties of Customs paid on the Importation

into Great Britain of Brimstone was allowed in respect of such Brimstone used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of

4 Vitriol: And Whereas an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty 53 G* 3. C*3J 4 third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain additional Duties of Customs imported into and exported from Great Britain, under which Act Brimstone became

subject to an additional Duty; but no Provision was made in the said Act for allowing any additional Drawback in respect of any

Brimstone used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, upon which such additional Duties of Customs should have been paid:

4 And Whereas it is expedient that such Drawback should be

allowed; Be it therefore enacted, That a Drawback of Nine Drawback on Tenth Parts of all such additional Duties as shall have been paid on Foreign the Importation into Great Britain of any Foreign Brimstone, shall Brimstone. be allowed in respect of all such Foreign Brimstone which, since the passing of the said last recited Act, shall have been used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, or which shall be so hereafter used and consumed; and the Amount of such Drawback, in respect of such additional Duties, shall be ascertained, paid and allowed to the Manufacturer of such Oil of Vitriol, under the Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and under and subject to the like Penalties upon the Manufacturer of such Oil, for delivering any false Account in respect of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in his Manufactory with an Intent to defraud His Majesty.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kept to be let to Hire.

[7th June 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TXTE^our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the ComV V mons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament afferabled,

towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties and Taxes herein after mentioned, and most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

Duties specified in Schedule an* aexeri levied.

Schedule Part of

a a.

Half the Duties paid lor Period between pjfling of Ad and Jan. 5, 1816.

Dulles in British Currency.

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of certain Fees.

Lift of Servants, &c. hired delivered by Persons using same to proper Officer.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Male Servants, Carriages and Horses mentioned, described aHd expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, which shall be kept to be let to Hire by any Person in Ireland, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following, the several yearly Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes respectively specified, mentioned and set forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule, and all the Rules and Re* gulations, Exceptions and Exemptions in the said Schedule specified and contained shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall at any time after the passing of this Act and before the Fifth Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, keep for the Purpose of letting to Hire, or shall let to Hire for any Period of time less than One Vear, between the passing of this Act and the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Male Servant, Carriage or Horse, for which such Person shall be liable to Duty under this Act, such Person shall be subject and liable to and shall pay for or in respect of any Servant, Carriage or Horse which shall be so kept to be let to Hire, or shall be so let to Hire, One Half only of the Amount of the several Annual Duties in the Schedule annexed to this Act mentioned, specified and contained; any thing in this Act, or the Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, DutieB and Taxes by this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency; and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being de-dusted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Six pence in the Pound and all other Fees which shall or may be payable, to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Person in Ireland shall hire, or shall use on Hire, for any Period of time, whether annually or otherwise, any Servants, Carriages Or Hbrfe*, which if let or hired for any time less than a Year would be Duty under this Act, every Person so using the same oh " deliver to the Collector of the Taxes ttn- Fire He

the Commissioi

3X7

\u A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 67.

like Period, and at all such times and under the like Penalties, as

7 Returns of other Servants, Carriages and Horses liable to Duty are

directed to be made under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland re-

1, lating to Duties on Servants, Carriages and Horses, immediately be-

fore the passing of this Act; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from and by whom such Servants, Carriages and Horses shall have been or shall be rs hired and let to Hire, and the Period of each letting to Hire of .*[ every such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively. j V. And be it further enacted, That where any Servants, Carri- When Reuirr.* ages or Horses shall be let to Hire, and the Person uling such Ser- re not

T vants, Carriages or Horses on Hire shall not make such Return as hw

by this Act is required, then and in such case the Duties chargeable irse in respect of such Servants, Carriages and Horses respectively for

One Year, shall and may be charged upon and shall be paid by the Person or Persons using such Servants, Carriages and Horses on Hire, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons by whom such Servants, Carriages or Horses shall have been let to hire, shall have been duly charged for such Servants, Carriages and Horses respectively j and in every case where the said Duties mall be chargeable on the Person or Persons using such Servants, Carriages and Horses on Hire, making Default of Return as aforesaid, the progressive Duties made payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to any Duty on Servants, Carriages or Horse^ respectively, shall be charged upon such Person or Persons using such Servants, Carriages or Horses on Hire, in respect of such Servants, Carriages or Horses so used on Hire, in like manner as if such Servants, Carriages or Horses had not been hired, and as if they were the Property of the Person using the same on Hire respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who Lifts delivered shall keep any Servant or Servants, Carriage or Carriages, or Horse by Persons let-or Horses, for the Purpose of letting the same to hire, or shall let ^ns SeJI|'nl % to hire any Servant, Carriage or Horse, shall return and deliver c* 10 ire' Lifts signed by or on behalfrof Iiich Person of the Number of such Servants, Carriages and Horses kept by such Person to be let to hire, or let to hire by such Person whenever such Person shall be thereto required by any Collector of Taxes on Fire Hearths, or by any Officer appointed and authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and also at such times and in like manner and for the like Periods, and under the like Penalties, as Lifts or Returns of Servants, Carriages and Horses subject to any Duty are directed to be made and delivered by the Person or Persons keeping the same under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties on Servants, Carriages or Horses, in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and every such Lift shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whole Use or in whose Service such Servants, Carriages and Horses shall have been or shall be employed on Hire, and the Number of each let to hire to every such Person, and the Period of each Letting \ and according to the Number of Servants, Carriages and Horses, which shall or ought to be contained in such Lift* the said Duties by this Act made payable shall be charged on thq Person or Persons keeping such Servants, Carriages and JHorfes to

C. 67.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Notice given for delivering in Lilts.

49^.3-

J-

c. 75-

Proviso for Notices.

Accounts of Letting of Servants, &c. kept for Inspection, and Copy of which delivered Quarterly to Collector of Excise.

be let to hire, or letting to hire such Servants, Carriages or Horses, as the case may require.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within Sixty one Days after the passing of this Act and yearly within Sixty one Days after the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year and at such other times as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in IrclanA shall from time to time order, direct and appoint, the Supervifon of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or the Collectors thereof in their respective Divisions, or any other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, shallcauieto be affixed such General Notices on the Doors of Churches, Chapels, Market Houses and Public School Houses, and shall give or serve, or cause to be given or served, such particular Notices within their respective Districts, to or for all Persons required to make out and deliver any Lifts or Accounts required by this Act; and to or for all Persons liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties under this Act, on Servants, Carnages and Horses, let to hire, requiring such Persons to deliver such Lifts or Accounts respectively in like manner, as in and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better CollcBm of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dop, in Ireland, is reauired and directed to be done by such Supervisors, CoIleftor8 or other Officers, with respect to the Duties in the said recited Act mentioned 5 and such Notices or any of them, shall and may be in such Form and Forms as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes may from time to time order, direct or appoint, and shall and may be made Part of or separate from the Notices required by the said recited Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct; and all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said recited Act mentioned, expressed and contained, with respect to the Notices in the said Act mentioned, shall be applied with respect to the Notices as to the Duties under this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland letting to Hire any Servants, Carriages or Horses, shall from time to time enter in a Book an Account of all such Servants, Carriages and Horses, and the Number thereof, and the Periods of each Letting, and also the Names of such Servants and the Descriptions of fuen Carriages, all which Books shall at all reasonable times in the Day time, be open to the Inspection of the Collector of the Tax on Fire Hearths, or of any Officer appointed to superintend the Collection of the said Tax in the District where the Person required to keep such Account shall reside and carry on his Business; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account respectively, shall within Twenty Days after the Tenth Day of 08* her, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, deliver a true Copy in T* '*'of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books within the preceding Quarter of the Year ending on* 1 fiiftucter Day respectivwy, containin Mote directed, -to the Collector fucbJPcr&iLTequfred to 1

A.D. 1815. sj GEO. III. C. 67. 319

4

Taxes, or by the Collector of Excise in such District, every such Person, or his or her Chief Servant or Manager, shall make Oath Oath.

or (being a Quaker) an Affirmation of the Truth of such Account,

according to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief; and every such

Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Person shall, to the bcft

of his or her Knowledge or Belief, express the Christian and Surname

of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the

Place or Places of his, her or their usual Residence 5 and if any Neglecting to

such Person shall neglect to keep such Account or to deliver such keep Account.

Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to

be contained therein, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and

pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency. Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissionera of Inland Forms for keep-Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall cause to be prepared and issued to ing Accounts every Person applying for the same, and leaving his or her Name delivered to Per-and Place of Abode in Writing at the Excise Office in Dublin, or

with any Collector of Excise for the District where the Person making such Application shall reside, proper Forms for entering the Accounts hereinbefore Required to be made of Servants, Carriages and Horses let to Hire as aforesaid; and in default of such Application the Party shall be obliged to provide proper Forms for the said Purpose, and shall cause au such Entries to be duly made therein as are before directed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties Dudes how and Taxes by this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted levied' and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and sued for and recovered in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures; and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be recovered, levied and applied in such manner as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and managing of any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable in Ireland upon or in respect of Male Servants, Carriages or Horses, in or by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His 47 3* $ei.

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for regulating c*21*and securing the Collcdion of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respeS of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants,

Horses, Dogs and Carriages; or in and by an Act made in the Forty 49 G. 3. c. 75. ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to pro-c* vide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages,

Servants, Horses and Dogs in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, with respect to such Duties, and with the

like Powers and Authorities as are given in and by an Act made in

Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His g*

late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling' 6

of the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-

fors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 46 G. 3. c. xo*

intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts &c*

relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management

of the Commissioners of CuJIoms and Port Duties, and of the Commis-

onert of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other

Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues under the

Manage-

320

C.<fy 5 GEO. III. A.D. 18i{.

Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all such Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and expressly enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are ApeaL altered or repealed by this present Act, or by any other Act or Acts,

with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties ag. grieyed, as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is or may be provided.

[See ante, c. 61. post. c. 140.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually on Servants, Carriages and Horses let to Hire in Ireland.

For every Coachman, Groom, Postillion or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, the annual Sum of For every Carriage with Four Wheels kept by any Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages, or other Person for the Purpose of being let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, without a Horse or Horses to be used therewith, the annual Sum of -

For every Carriage with Four Wheels kept by any Poll mailer, Innkeeper or other Person duly licensed to let Poll Horses, for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of time less than One Year, with a Horse or Horses to be used therewith, the annual Sum of For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels kept by any Person whatever for the Purpose of being let to Hire with or without a Horse or Horses for any Period of time less than a Year, if drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, the annual Sum of -

. if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or^Mules, the annual Sum of For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty and let to Hire, for any Period of time less than One Year, the annual Sum of.

. t. I

2 10 0

12 0 0

10 10 0

6 10 0 900

2 17 6

1

RULES for charging the said DUTIES.

The said annual Duties shall be paid by any Person who shall employ, or shall keep or have in his or her Possession, any such Male Servant, or any Carriage or Horse for the Purpose of letting to Hire such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively, or who shall let to Hire such Servant, Carriage or Horse respectively, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following.

EXEMPTIONS.

55 GEO. III. C. 68.

321

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the flopping up of unnecessary Roads.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth 13 G. 3. c. 78. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highway Si within that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes, it was, amongst other things, enacted, &9*

that when it should appear, upon the View of any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace in the said Act mentioned, that any Public Highway not in the Situation thereinbefore described, or*Public Bridleway, or Footway, might be diverted so as to make the same nearer or more commodious to the Public, and the Owner ' or Owners of the Lands and Grounds through which such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, was proposed to be made,

should consent thereto, by Writing under his or their Hand and ' Seal, or Hands and Seals, it should and might be lawful, by Order of such Justices at some Special Sessions, to divert and turn and stop up such Footway, and to divert, turn and stop up, and inclose, sell and dispose of such old Highway or Bridleway, and to purchase the Ground and Soil for such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway,

by such ways and means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions, in all respects, as in the said recited Act mentioned, with regard to Highways to be widened or diverted; and where any such Highway, Bridleway or Footway, herein last before described, should be so ordered to be stopped up or inclosed, and such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, set out and appropriated in lieu thereof as aforesaid, it should and might be lawful for any Person or Persons injured or aggrieved by any such Order or Proceeding, or by the Inclosure of any Road or Highway, by virtue of any Inquisition taken upon any Writ of Ad quod damnum, to make his or their Complaint thereof, by Appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next Quarter Sessions which should be holden within the Limit where the same should lie, after such Order made or Proceeding had as aforesaid, upon giving Ten Days* Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Surveyor and Party interested in such Inclosure, if there should be sufficient time for that Purpose, f not, such Appeal might be made, upon the like Notice, to the next ubsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace; which Courts of Quarter Sessions were thereby respectively authorized and empowered to lear and finally determine such Appeal; and if no such Appeal be nade, or, being made, such Order and Proceedings should be eon-rmed by the said Court, the said Inclosures might be made, and ie said Ways stopped, and the Proceedings thereupon should be inding and copclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and the new lighway, Bridleway or Footway, so to be appropriated and set out, ould be and for ever after continue a Public Highway, Bridleway 55 Geo. III. Y*or

C. 68.

3*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

In part repealed.

Trustees by Order at Special SeHtons may divert and turn certain Highways Bridleways and Footways.

13 G. 3. c. 78. 16.

Justices tnay order (topping up of unnecei-fary Highways,

or Footway, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but that no Inclosures of such Highway, Bridleway or Stoppage of such Foot- way, should be made, until such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway should be completed and put into good Condition and Repair, c and so certified by Two Justices of the Peace upon View thereof; 4 which Certificate it was thereby enacted, should be returned to the Clerk of the Peace, and inrolled amongst the Records of the said Court of Quarter Sessions; but from and after such Certificate, such old Highways, Bridleway or Footway should and might be stopped up, and the Soil of such old Highways or Bridleways fold, in the manner and subject to the Reservations and Restrictions in the said recited Act mentioned, with respect to the Highways to be enlarged or diverted by virtue thereof: And Whereas itisexpedient that more public Notice should be given of any Order made or Proceeding had for diverting, turning, flopping and enclosing any Highway, Bridleway or Footway; and also that a greater Facility of Appeal to the Quarter Sessions against such Order or Proceeding should be given to any Person or Persons who may think themselves aggrieved thereby; and it is also expedient that His Majesty's Justices of the Peace should have Power under certain Regulations, to (top up unnecessary Highways, Bridleways and Footways May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, as hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when it shall appear, upon the View of auy Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, that any Public Highway, or Public Bridleway or Footway, may be diverted, so as to make the same nearer or more commodious to the Public, and the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds through which such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so proposed to be made, shall consent thereto, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, it shall and may be lawful, by Order of such Justices at some Special Sessions to divert and turn and to flop up such Footway, and to divert, turn, stop up and inclose, sell and dispose of, such old Highway or Bridleway, and to purchase the Ground and Soil for such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, by such ways and means, and subject to such Exceptions and Conditions, in all respects, as in the said recited Act mentioned with regard to Highways to be widened or diverted; and also when it shall appear, upon the Vwr of any Two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, thataty Public Highway, Bridleway or Footway is unnecessary, itihaflM may be lawful, by Order of such Justices, or any Two of t&shto Hop up, and to sell and dispose of such unnecessary ' dieway or Footway, by such ways and means, and

Exceptions and Conditions in all rei$e^..M in Hie c

C. 6S<

3*3

to the Surveyor or Surveyors, and be applied towards the general Repairs of the Highways and Bridleways of the Parish, Township or Place, within which the said Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so Hopped up, shall be situate: Provided that in the several cases before mentioned, a Notice, in the Form or to the Effect of Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, shall be affixed in legible Characters at the Place and by the Side of the said Highway, Bridleway or Footway from whence the same is directed to be turned, diverted or Hopped up, and also inserted in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County where the Parish, Township or Place, in which the Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so ordered to be diverted and turned, or Hopped up, as the case may be, shall lie, (or, in case no such Newspaper shall be so published or circulated in such County, then in any Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the neareH adjoining County) for Three successive Weeks after the making of such Order; and a like Notice shall be affixed to the Door of the Church or Chapel of every Parish or Township in which such Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so ordered to be diverted, turned or Hopped up, or any Part thereof, shall lie, on Three successive Sundays subsequent to the making of such Order; and the said several Notices having been so published, the said Order shall at the Quarter Sessions which shall be holden within the Limit where the Highway, Bridleway or Footway, so diverted and turned or Hopped up, shall lie, next after the Expiration of Four Weeks from the FirH Day on which such Notices shall have been published as aforesaid, be returned to the Clerk of the Peace in open Court, and lodged with him; and the said Order shall at such Quarter Sessions be confirmed, and by the Clerk of the Peace inrolled amongst the Records of the said Court of Quarter Sessions.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be so ordered to be Hopped up or inclosed, and such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, set out and appropriated in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or where any unnecessary Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be so ordered to be Hopped up as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons injured or aggrieved by any such Order or Proceeding, or by the Inclosure of any Road or Highway, by virtue of any Inquisition taken upon any Writ of Ad quod damnum, to make his or their Complaint thereof, by Appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the said Quarter Sessions, upon giving Ten Days' Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Surveyor of the Highways of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Highway, Bridleway or Footway shall be situated; and also affixing such Notice to the Door of the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township or Place; and the said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorised and empowered to hear and finally determine such Appeal.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That if no such Appeal be made, or, being made, such Order and Proceedings shall be confirmed by the said Court, the said Inclosures may be made, and the said Ways Hopped; and the Proceedings thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and the new Highways, Bridleways and Footways, so to be appropriated and set out, shall be and for ever after continue

Y a a Public

Notice inrerted in Newspaper* of County in which Highways, &c. lie.

Orelr returned to Clerk of l'ence, confirmed and inrolled at Quarter Session*.

Appeal.

Notice.

If no Appeal made, or if Order confirmed, old Ways topped, Proceedings conclusive; new Highways afterwards to continue Public Highway*, fee.

M

C. 68.

3*4

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

13 G. 3. c. 78. 17.

Act net to annul previous Order or Proceeding.

54 G. 3. c.i9 4.

54 G. 3. c. 84.

Michaelmas Special Sessions.

a Public Highway, Bridleway or Footway, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but 110 Inclosures of such old Highways, Bridle-ways or Footways (except in the case of flopping up of such useless Highways, Bridleways or Footways, as hereinbefore is mentioned) shall be made, until such new Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be completed and put into good Condition and Repair, and so certified by Two Justices of the Peace upon view thereof; which Certificate shall be returned to the Clerk of the Peace, and by him inrolled amongst the Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions, next after such Order as aforesaid shall have been confirmed or inrolled pursuant to the Directions hereinbefore contained; but from and after the Inrolment of such Order and Certificate, such old Highway, Bridleway or Footway, shall be flopped up, and the Soil of such old Highway or Bridleway fold, in the manner, and subject to the Reservation3 and Restrictions in the said recited Act mentioned, with respect to Highways to be diverted by virtue of the said recited Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not, and shall not be construed to annul, or in any way affect or impeach any Order or Proceeding for the diverting or flopping up any Highway, Bridleway or Footway, made or had previous to the Day of passing of this Act, but such Order and Proceedings may be proceeded in and completed in the same manner, and shall be valid and binding on all Persons whatsoever, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of lit

Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, it is, among other things,

enacted, that Two or more Justices of the Peace, at their Special ' Sessions to be holden in the Week next after Michaelmas yearly,

shall fix such Rates, as they shall adjudge reasonable, as a Compo-

fition in lieu of Teams, Carts, Horses, Oxen or Labour: And

Whereas certain other Matters relative to the Highways are directed 1 to be done by Justices of the Peace, at their Special Sessions to be ' holden in the Week next after the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions: And Whereas the Time for holding the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions

has been altered by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Time of boldinf

the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled in their Special Sessions in the Week after Michaelmas, to do and perform every Act which they might heretofore legally have done in the Special Sessions directed to be holden in the Week after the Cud Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 68, 6g 325

Hopping up, &c. here so state it, and describe the Road ordered to be turned, diverted and flopped up;  if the Order he for flopping up a useless Road, here so jlate it, and describe the Road ordered to be fiopped and that the said Order will be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at in and for the said

County, on the Day of next,

and also that the said Order will at the said Quarter Sessions be confirmed and inrolled, unless upon an Appeal against the same to be then made, it be otherwise determined.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for

W the proper Reception and the due Care and Confinement < of furious and fatuous Persons and Lunatics, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

iflembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after sheriffs to gram he passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriffs Licences, nd Stewarts Depute and Substitute, of every County and Stewartry n that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and they are lereby empowered to grant Licences, in the manner directed by his Act, for the Reception and the Care and Confinement of furious nd fatuous Persons and Lunatics, within their respective Counties nd Stewartriea.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expi- Madhouse not ition of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, it shall kept without ot be lawful for any Person or Persons to keep a House for the Licence, deception and the Care or Confinement of furious and fatuous Persons id Lunatics, within any Part of Scotland, or to detain any such ersons therein, without a Licence for that Purpose, granted and ceived in the manner directed by this Act; in which shall be lecified the Name, Description and Age, of every such furious fatuous Person or Lunatic; and if any Person or Persons shall iep a House for the Reception and Care or Confinement of furious fatuous Persons or Lunatics, without such Licence, or shall, upon y Pretence whatever, conceal, harbour, entertain or confine, in any ouse or Place kept for the Confinement of furious or fatuous Peris or Lunatics, in any Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, y furious or fatuous Person or Persons, or Lunatic or Lunatics, any Person or Persons as such, without having a Licence as juired by this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, frit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Expences attending Penalty, i Recovery of the same.

III. And be it enacted, That every such Licence shall be made Licences renew.: by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County or Stewartry ed Yearly, erein the same is granted, and the same shall be renewed every ir; and for the First and every Annual Licence there shall be Rate* i at the Rate of Two Guineas for every furious or fatuous Y 3 Person

326

Application of Monies.

Sheriff, fcc. neglecting to pay iVloir.cs.

[Penalty.]

Infp-stors

elected.

C. 6p.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Within what time Madhouses inspected.

Other Medical Persons employed.

Person or Lunatic specified therein; and all Monies received by any Slier or Stewart Clerk for such Licences shall be paid by him, after deducing the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, as his Fee for making out such Licence, and form Part of the Rogue Money in such County or Stewartry; from which Fund all the Expences required to be disbursed in the Execution of this Act shall be paid and defrayed, upon the Order of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the County or Stewartry; and if any Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall neglect or delay so to pay to the Collector of the Rogue Money all Monies received by him for such Licence, subject to such Deduction, for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall have been received by him, every such Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall, for every such Neglect or Delay, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and the Expence of recovering the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, and thereafter annually, the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh shall elect Four of their ordinary Resident Fellows as Inspectors of Madhouses; and that the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons in Glasgo'w shall in like manner within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, and thereafter annually, elect Four of their ordinary Resident Members as Inspecton of Madhouses.

V. And be it enacted, That within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of Edinburgh or Mid Lothian shall employ any of the said Four Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh to inspect every House which shall be then kept for the Reception, Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics within the City of Edinburgh or County of Mid Lothian, and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of Lanarkshire shall employ any of the said Four Members of the said Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of G/a/gow to inspect every such House in Lanarkshire; and the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitutes in every other County or Stewartry in Scotlandt where any House shall be kept for the Reception, Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, shall employ for the said Inspection, Physicians qualified to make such Inspection, unless where local or other circumstances shall render it inexpedient to employ such Physicians, in which case they shall employ either Members of the Royal College of Physicians of London, or of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, or of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, or Medical Men having a Diploma from the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or from the Royal College of Surgeons of London, or from the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons in Glasgo'Wy or who have acquired a Right to practise from

- having served in the Army or Navy.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall {

for any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or SubRitute (whefcey jE Distance from the Place of Inspection or other cn Medicpl Persons of the above Description cannot he ea tb' employ any Medical Person or Chais

Tuftt^dr zrrf Inspection hereinaftet/dui

icdf

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 69. 327

seem adequate; subject to the Controul and Direction of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Sheriffs and Stewarts Sheriffs, &c. to Depute or Substitutes shall order and direct every Matter and Thing ascerram whe-to be done which may be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertaining l1, |'*rer|* whether any Person or Persons confined in such Houses ought to be^confined therein, as a furious or a fatuous Person or Persons or

Lunatic or Lunatics, and to make such Order for their Care or Confinement, or for their being set at Liberty, as the circumstances of the case may seem to require.

VIII. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of Sheriff, &e. to this Act, no Person or Persons shall be received into any House Sm*/0* kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or i^aficsT fatuous Persons or Lunatics, in that Part of the United Kingdom

called Scotland, without an Order made by the Sheriff or Stewart

Depute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry where such House

+shall be, who shall forthwith satisfy himself as to the Propriety of granting such an Order, by the Certificate or Report of Medical Persons, and otherwise, as the circumstances of the case may seem to

require j pursuant to which Order a Licence shall be granted in the Licence.

manner directed by this Act, for which a Fee of Two Guineas shall Fees.

be paid for every Person specified therein, to be accounted for and paid into the Rogue Money of such County, by the Sheriff or

Stewart Clerk, after deduding the Sum of Two Shillings and Six

pence, as his Fee for making out such Licence; and every furious Persons to b

or fatuous Person or Lunatic, for the Reception of whom such described.

Order shall have been made, shall be specified and described in the

lext annual Licence granted to the Person or Persons, by whom

le shall have been so received to be taken care of and confined as a

: urious or fatuous Person or Lunatic; and if any Person or Persons Receiving whh-

hall receive any furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic, to betaken outrder, &c.

are of or confined in any such House kept for the Reception and

he Care and Confinement of such Persons, without such Order and

licence, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every

uch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Ex- Penalty.

tences attending the Recovery thereof: And if any Medical Person Signing Certi-

lall sign of give any such Certificate or Report, without having Scale, &c. with-

arefully visited and examined the Person to whom it relates, and out examining

without having endeavoured to ascertain in a proper manner, by c ons*

ich Examination and otherwise, that such Person is a furious or

tuous Person or Lunatic, and proper to be confined in a House

r the Reception of such Persons, every such Medical Person shall

rfeit and pay for such Offence or Neglect the Sum of Fifty Pounds, Penalty.

d the Expences of recovering the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Certificate or Report, upon Report or Certi-hich a Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall give an Order for the Con- ficatesigned by icment of any Person in a House kept for the Reception, Care and Medical Person. mfinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, shall be signed

a Medical Man, who is either a Physician, or has a Diploma from; Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh or of London, or from; Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, or who has ac-ired a Right to practise from having served in the Army or Navy,

: ept in those cases where no Medics! Man of the above Description 1 be conveniently applied to, in which Event such Certificate may

i

3*8

C. 69.

55

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Sheriff, &c. may make interim Order.

Madhouses inspected Twice a Year.

be signed by any Medical Practitioner of Character whom such Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute may think proper to employ.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute to make such Order, or to give such Directions, as the circumstances of the case may seem to require, for the Care and Confinement of any furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic, in the mean time, until he shall be satisfied that he ought to grant an Order for the Reception and the Care and Confinement of any such Person in any House kept for the Reception and Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, in the manner hereby directed, not exceeding a Period of Fourteen Days.

XI. And be it enacted, That every House kept for the Reception and Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics in Scotland, shall be inspected at leaf! Two several times in the Year, once by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, and once by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute in Person, of the County or Stewartry wherein the same shall be situated, and such of the Medical Inspectors above described, and failing them such Medical Person or Persons as he shall think proper to direct to accompany him, on such Day or Days as he shall think proper from time to time to appoint for that Purpose; and it shall and may moreover be lawful for such Sheriff or Stewart himself to inspect, or to order such Inspection to be made, as often as he may think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to any of the said Inspectors appointed by the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh) at any time with Concurrence of the Sheriff Depute of Mid Lothian and to any of the said Inspectors appointed by the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, with Concurrence of the Sheriff Depute of Lanarkshire, to innTeft any of such Housei for the Reception, Care and Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics within the respective Districts of the said Sheriffs, and to report to the said Sheriff Deputes: Provided always, that for such Inspections no Sum of Money shall be paid, and no Allowance given for Attendance and Trouble.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if, upon any Inspection made as directed by this Act, it shall appear that any Person or Persons are improperly detained in any such House as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Stewart of the County or Stewartry where such improper Detention shall take place, to set such Person or Persons at Liberty, or otherwise to do in the Premises as the circumstances of the case may seem to require.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Sheriff or Stewart Depute to recall any Licence which may hav* been granted pursuant to this Act, if it shall appear to him Jftbpeg1 so to do, upon a Report to that Effect made to him by attjr'l the Inspectors acting under the Authority of this Act as f

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be la> make Rules and Sheriff and Stewart Depute of every CotfH Regulations. f^me to time to Me such Ruse*'

oy'^wart jri^y'jhiprk

', f&ea*

Inspectors may inspect at any time.

[Proviso.]

Sheriff, &c. may set Persons improperly detained at Liberty.

Licence recalled.

Sheriff, & c. may

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 69. 32*

ensuring the proper Treatment of the Persons confined therein, and to enforce the same by such Penalties not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence, as such Sheriff or Stewart Depute shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty or Forfeiture granted by this Act may be recovered and applied; such Rules and Regulations being always first duly notified in Writing to the Person or Persons by whom any such House or Houses may be kept.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any such Regulation* Rules and Regulations shall be put in force the said Sheriff or Stewart transmitted to Depute shall transmit a Copy of the said Rules and Regulations to (d*rk ?f.Court the Clerk of the High Court of Justiciary, who shall lay the same 0 u Kurf* before the Lords Commissioners of Judiciary for their Confederation,

and such Lords Commissioners of Judiciary shall forthwith signify to the said Sheriff or Stewart Depute what shall appear to them thereupon, and upon being approved of by the said Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, all such Rules and Regulations shall receive Effect in the manner in which they shall have been finally settled pursuant to such Communication thereof so made to the said Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, who shall cause the same to be inserted in the Records of such Court.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act not toex-Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to any of the tend to Public Public Hospitals, or Public Lunatic Asylums in Scotland, further Ho 5 than to authorize the said Sheriffs or Stewarts to visit and inspect the same, or to order such Inspection as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this or to Confine-

Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to any House ne

where only One furious or fatuous Person or Lunatic is confined, e oru unless such Person shall be confined in such House for Gain or

Reward.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Procurator Procurator Fiscal of every County or Stewartry where any House J en^ce for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Pen^ties^" Persons or Lunatics is situated, and he is hereby required to enforce

the due Execution of this Act, and to sue for and recover all Penalties or Forfeitures granted by this Act, by Action or Complaint before the Court of Session, or the Sheriff or Stewart's Court: Provided always, that such Action or Complaint shall be brought within Limitation of Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence shall have been committed, Action*, or the Penalty incurred.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Penalties recovered by virtue Application of of this Act shall be paid into and form Part of the Rogue Money Penalties.

of the County or Stewartry by whose Procurator Fiscal the fame exC*

shall have been recovered; and all the Expences incurred in carrying cuuns c*this Act into Execution shall be paid out of such Rogue Money.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sheriff, &c. to Substitute of every County or Stewartry in Scotlandf where any

House is kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of ^Wooers of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, shall lay before or cause to Supply, be transmitted, an Account of all Expences incurred by his Directions in carrying this Act into Execution, and of all Monies received by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of^iis County or Stewartry, for any Licence or Licences granted in pursuance of this Act, and of all

33 C. 6p 70. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18ij.

Copy of Accounts to College of Physicians, and to Courts of Justiciary.

Powers granted by Act to be without Prejudice to Pou ers granted by Law.

Public Ail.

Monies recovered by the Procurator Fiscal of his County or Stewartry, by virtue of this Act, to the Commissioners of Supply of his County or Stewartry, on the Day on which they assemble in every Year for the Assessment of the Land Tax.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute of every County or Stewartry in Scotland, where any House is kept for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, shall at the same time transmit a Copy of such Account, with a Report of all that shall have been done by and under his Direction in the Execution of this Act, containing a Statement of the Number of Houses kept in their respective Counties or Ste\vartrie9, for the Reception and the Care or Confinement of furious or fatuous Persons or Lunatics, and the Names, Number and Description of Persons confined therein, to the President of the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh, and also to the Clerk of the High Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, who shall cause such Account and Report to be inserted in the Records of such Court.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities granted by this Act to Sheriffs and StewartsJDepute and their Sub-ilitutes shall be without prejudice and in addition to all Powers and Authorities now competent to them by Law; all which Powers and Authorities shall and may be exercised in the Execution of this Act, as well as the Powers and Authorities hereby granted.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records of the Court of Sessionin Scotland.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS the due Arrangement of the Judicial Records

of the Court of Session, framed in the Offices of the several Clerks and Extradors of Decrees of that Court, prepara*

tory to their ultimate Depositation in His Majesty*8 General Re-

gifter House, is essential to the Usefulness of that Class of the

Public Records of Scotland: And Whereas there is not at pie*

sent any adequate Provision or Official Establishment for that Purpose May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, ly, and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tenppnl, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Fifteenth Day of April and fif* teenth Day of August in every Year, from and after the j' this Act, the several Clerks of Session, or their AffifiantJ tractors, shall transmit all the Coneluded, J

jfteur Possession at such Periods respedijeJW|^g 0

nd fct apart for that Pu*'

33

A.D. 181y. 55 GEO. III. C. 70.

r: of the Records of the Court of Session, to be appointed by the Lord

rresident of the College of Justice for the time being; who is hereby authorized and required forthwith after the passing of this A#, and from time to time thereafter, as often as there shall be occasion, to chooseand nominate some fit Person to hold the said Office, ad vitam 5 aut culpam, who shall progressively arrange the whole of these Records into one Series, and carefully preserve the same until they shall be finally deposited in His Majesty's General Register House.

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Fifteenth Day ofro'

August in every Year, the foresaid Clerks of Session, or their Assist- not extracteil ants, shall also transmit to the said Keeper of the Records of the traniYnitted.

Court of Session all fuel) Processes as have been concluded, and have been in a Situation to admit of Extract, on or before the Twelfth Day of July in the Year preceding respectively, although the said concluded Processes have not been then actually extradfed: Provided always, that if an Extra# of any such Process shall be thereafter demanded it shall be competent for the Extractor of such Process to resort to the Office of the said Keeper and there make such Extra# accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Officer to be called The Keeper of the Records of the Court of Session, shall be bound to discharge his find Office in Person, and shall a# in conformity to such Orders and Regulations as may from time to time be made and communicated to him by the Lord Clerk Register for the time being, subje# always to the Review and Controul of the Court of Session; and the said Keeper of Records shall, from and after the Date of Salary, his Appointment, be entitled to a Salary of Two hundred Pounds per Annum % payable out of the Fee Fund of the Court of Session, to be paid to him Quarterly by the Collector of the said Fee Fund, in the same manner with the Salaries of the Clerks and other Officers of the Court of Session.

IV. And Whereas certain Irregularities and Defedb have prevailed in the Formation of the Register of Deeds, Probative Writings and Instruments of Protest, in the Books of Council and

Session, and certain new Arrangements have become necessary for the more regular and effectual Discharge of the Duties to be performed by the Keeper of the said Register; Be it enacted, That, Number of from and after the Twelfth Day of November next, instead of Six Keepers re-Keepers of the said Register, there shall be One principal Keeper duced* and Two Assistant Keepers, who shall be bound to discharge the Duties of their said Offices in Person; and who shall be entitled to the Fee*.

Fees now drawn by the Six Keepers of the said Register in the following Proportion; that is to say, Three seventh Parts to be payable to the Principal Keeper, and Two sevenths to each of the Two Assistant Keepers j the said Fees being always liable in the First Instance to the Burden of defraying the whole Expence of Register Books, and Minute Books, for the Record of Deeds, Probative Writings and Instruments of Protest, and the whole of the Fees or Dues payable to the Writing or Copying Clerks.

V. And be it further enacted, That Uie said Principal and Assist- Appointment ant Keepers shall be appointed by the Principal Clerks of Session in Lord^reGderu the same manner as the Six Keepers have heretofore been appointed; antj Lor(i clerk bot it is hereby specially provided that the said Keepers so chosen Register and prtfented by the Principal Clerks of Session shall not be admitted

Keeper of Records to attend personally.

Keepers chosen from among present Keepers.

Compensation to

reduced

Keepers.

0.70, 71.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

7 Ann. e. ix. 1.

10 Ann. c. aO.  xc8.

by the Lords of Session into the said Offices, unless their respective Appointments shall have been approved of in Writing by the Lord President of the College of Justice, and the Lord Clerk Register for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Keeper and his Assistant Keepers to be first appointed as aforesaid, shall be chosen from among the present Six Keepers; provided always, that such Appointment shall receive the Approbation of the Lord President, and the Lord Clerk Register as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Six Keepers as shall not be chosen and appointed to any of the said Offices of Principal or Assistant Keepers shall within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act present to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland a joint Claim setting forth the Amount of those Emoluments of which they have been deprived by the Operation of this Act, together with the Vouchers and Evidence by which the same is meant to be fop-ported; and the Barons of the Exchequer after due Enquiry made by them into the circumstances of the case of each of the Claimants respectively, are hereby authorized and required to determine and ascertain the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments of which the aforesaid Claimants shall have been deprived by the Operation of this Act, and what Sums will form a just and reasonable Compensation to such Claimants respectively, by Annuities during their respectire Lives; and so soon as such Compensation shall have been ascertained it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby directed and required from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants for the Payment thereof, in such manner and at such time or times as they shall direct, out of any Monies charged or made chargeable by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer.

CAP. LXXL

An Act to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Trade of Hawkers,

Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, or other Persons going about to 1 fell Goods, Wares or Merchandize in Scotland; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Hawkers, 8cc. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thst, froo

not to go about and after the First Day of August next, it shall not be 1"* without Licence. Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other Person < go from Place to Place, or to other Men's Houses, travr or with any Horse or Horses, or otherwise, in Set fell or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wayes or Mei ba^ng a Licence y ----- ----- -----_ jsl-

Commissioners for griming Licences. '

333

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 71.

the Sheriff Depute of the County of Linlithgow shall be Commissioners for granting Licences in the manner directed by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chap- Licences taken man, or other Person, going from Place to Place or to other Men's out.

Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with any Horse, or other.

wife, in Scotland, carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, shall take out a Licence from the said Commissioners or any Two of them, who are hereby empowered to grant such Licence, upon Payment of the Sum of Four Pounds for every Duties, such Person travelling on Foot, and the like Sum of Four Pounds for every Horse, Act, Mule or other Bead, bearing or drawing Burthen, any such Person shall travel with, over and above the said first mentioned Sum of Four Pounds 5 which Licence shall be taken out upon the First Day of August in every Year and shall continue in force for One Year and no longer.

IV. And be it enacted, That before any Person shall receive any Certificate pro-such Licence, every such Person shall produce to the said Com- duced* missioners, or some Two or more of them, a Certificate signed by the Minister of the Parish or Place wherein such Person has his usual Residence, and also by Two reputable Householders in such Parish or Place, attesting that the Person so applying to be licensed is of good Character and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman; which Certificate shall be in the Form and to the Efifeft following

XXTE, A.B, the Minister, and C.D. and . F., being Two Form of Certify

Householders residing at - in the Parish of cate*

1 in the County of do hereby

certify, That G. H'. hath been known to us for the Space of ' Years last past, and during all that time hath

1 usually resided in the said Parish [or other wise, as the case may be]

and is a Person of good Character and Reputation, and is a fit

1 Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman. Dated the Day of

1

A.B. Minister.

 jp Householders.>

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of Com-said Commissioners from time to time to appoint a Clerk, to whom mi.tr, oners Ap-such Certificates shall be delivered at such Place or Office as the said Commissioners may from time to time also appoint, where the Licences authorized by this Act to be granted shall be issued, and who shall otherwise assist them in the Execution of the Duties im-

Eased upon them by this Act; which Clerk shall also receive and eep an Account of the Sums to be paid for Licences to be granted under the Authority of this Act, and shall find Security for his In-tromissions to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant and direct to be paid to such Clerk such Allowance, for Trouble and Expences, as they shall think reaf nable, out of the Monies to be paid for Licences to be granted pursuant to this Act; and after satisfying and paying such Allowance and Expences, all Sums received for or in respect of such Licences shall forthwith after the Receipt thereof be paid to

the

C. 71. 5 5" GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Going about without Licence.

[Penalty.]

Packages of Hawker to have Words Licenced Hawker, ' See.

Penalty. Persons not licensed using such Words.

"f Sit.

[Penalty.]

the Receiver General of Scotland, and shall be paid and accounted for by him in the same manner with any other Public Monies which come to his Hands.

VI. And be it enacted, That if, without having a Licence in the manner directed by this Act, any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other Person, shall, after the First Day of August next, go from Place to Place, or to other Men's Houses, or shall travel either on Foot or otherwise, for the Purpose of felling any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or shall open an occasional Room or Shop, and expose to sale by Retail any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any Town, Parish or Place, such Person not being a Householder there, or the same not being the usual Place of his or her Abode; or by any Means or Device shall vend or sell, either by himself or herself, or by any Auctioneer, whether licensed or not. Broker, Appraiser, Agent, Servant or other Person, on his or her Behalf, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, by any Mode of Sale at Auction whatso* ever, or whereby the belt and highest Bidder is or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser; every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted under or by virtue of this Act, and who shall trade with or under Colour of such Licence, shall cause to be written, painted r printed, in large legible Roman Capitals, upon the most conspicuous Part of every Pack, Box, Bag, Trunk, Case, Cart or Waggon, or other Vessele or Conveyance in which he or she shall carry his or her Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and of every Room and Shop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every Hand-bill or Advertisement which he or she shall give out, distribute or publish, the Words " Licensed Hawker, " together with the Number, Name or other Mark or Marks of Distinction so written or printed upon his or her Licence as aforesaid; and that every such Person in any respect making Default herein shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time, from and after the said First Day of August next, any Person other than to whom such Licence shall have been so granted as aforesaid, shall write, paint or print, or cause to be written, painted or printed, or keptf or continue written, painted or printed upon any Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Case, Cart, Waggon or other Vessele or Conveyance for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or in any Room or Shop in which he or she shall sell or expose to Sale, or keep for Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Words " Licensed Hawktt" or " Licensed Pedlar, " or any other Word or Words to that Effect, every Person offending herein, shall forfeit for each Offence the Sam of Ten Pounds.

1

Dealing, &c. in Smuggled, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Hawker, Pedlw, Petty Chapman or other trading Person as aforesaid, after the said First Day of August next, be corivifted of Jr dealing in, vending or selling any Kind of fmu- prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandize*: or k vending Or foiling any Good, Wares i'

33$

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C.yr.

Pedlar, Petty Chapman or trading Person, shall, from and after such Penalties.' Conviction, forfeit his or her Licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing, trafficking or trading under the same, and that over and above all such Forfeitures and Incapacities, Fines and Penalties, to which he or she is or shall be by Law subject and liable for such illicit and illegal Trafficking and Dealing.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any such Hawker, Pedlar Tracing Conor Petty Chapman, or other trading Person so travelling as afore- trary to Licence, said, shall, from and after the said First Day of Augtijl next, trade as aforesaid, without or contrary to or otherwise than as shall be allowed by such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as Penalty, herein after mentioned; and that if any Person trading under or by virtue of any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Person or Persons authorised or appointed to demand any such Licence by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Two of them, under their Hands, and upon producing or shewing such Authority or Appointment to such Person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, Justice of the Peace, Provost, Constable or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, Burgh or Place where he or she shall so trade, or by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or by any Person to whom such Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman shall offer any Goods to Sale, shall refuse to produce and Refusing to pro-(hew his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have dl, cc ^'cence* his or her Licence ready to produce and shew unto such Person authorized or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such Sheriff,

Stewart, Justice of the Peace, Provost, Baillie, Constable, or other Officer of the Customs or Excise, that then the Person so refusing, or not having his or her Licence ready to produce and shew as aforesaid, shall forfeit Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for Nonpayment thereof shall be treated as a Penalty. Common Vagrant, and be committed to the nearest Gaol or House Itnprisonmene. of Correction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forging, &c. whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences by Lienees, this Act directed to be granted, or travel with or produce or shew

any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences for any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to be recovered Penalty, and applied as herein after directed; or shall be punished according to Law, as guilty of the Crimes of Forgery or of using forged Writings knowing them to be such.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall let Hiring or lend-out, or hire or lend any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or 1115 Llccnc<* shall trade with or under Colour of any Licence granted unto any Person whatsoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, the Person letting out to hire or lending any such Licence, and the Person so trading with or under Colour of any Licence granted to any other Person, or any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of

Twenty

C. 7I.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Lending Licence.

[Penalty.]

Trading without Licence, or re-

it, detained and taken before Justice.

Penalty. Twenty five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and in case any Person shall be convicted or have Judgment against him for lending his or her Licence to any other Person or Persons contrary to this Act, such his or her Licence shall be from henceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to seize and detain any such Hawker,

fusing to produce Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person as aforesaid, who, f A^r'"naA shall be found travelling from Place to Place, or trading without a Licence contrary to this Act, or who, being so found, shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Person or Persons a Licence according to this Act, after being required so to do for a reasonable time, in order to give Notice to a Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers, who are hereby required to carry such Person so seized, unless they shall in the mean time produce their respective Licences, before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; which said Sheriff or Stewart or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and strictly required to examine Trading without into the Fad or Fads charged; and upon the Proof, either by Con* Tfession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no such Licence being produced by such Offender before the said Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, to convict the Offender so trading without a Licence; and thereupon, it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or Stewart or Justice, and he is hereby re* quired, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause the said Sum of Twenty five Pounds to be levied by Poinding and Sale of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goodsf which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Poinding and Sale, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid; and in the mean time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the said Offence shall be committed, thereto remain until the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reasonable Charges of such Poinding and Sale, shall be levied as aforesaid, or until the same shall be otherwise paid or satisfied by such Offender.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable or Other Officer or Officers of the Peace shall refuse cr neglect upon dne Notice, or on his or their own View, to be aiding and affifhflgiptk Execution of this Act, being thereunto required, and each ^Ttry such Officer or Officers being thereof convicted upon hi - or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, pr Justice o for the County, Stewartry or Place where mitted, shall forfeit for each and every ft "

Patmda, to be recovered and applied*ae j

3Vv Provided further, and btrk 4

v 'ft-?

Licence.

Warrant.

Poinding.

f Siu

Imprisonment.

Constables refilling to assist in'Execution of Ait.

[Penalty.]

Goods exposed to Sale in Public Markets, &c.

337

A.D. 18ij. 55 GEO. III. C.jt.

Merchandize in any Public Fair or Market legally established and held within Scotland, but such Persons may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to contrary the notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in Proviso forcer-this Act shall extend to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling tam Persons. within Twenty Miles of his or her usual Place of Residence any

Printed Papers licensed by Authority, or any Fish, Fruit or Victuals; nor to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers of any Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her or their Children, Apprentices or known Agents or Servants usually residing with such real Workers or Makers only, from carrying Abroad or exposing to sale, and selling by retail or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares or Manufactures of his, her or their own making, in any Mart, Market or Fair, and in any City and Market Town.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties Penalties above which shall be incurred under this Act, of a greater Sum than Twenty5* "here re-five Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Expences, in the Court covered-

of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Penalties not ex-pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed does not exceed the Sum of ceeding 151. how Twenty five Pounds, it shall be recoverable before the Sheriff or recovered> &c-Stewart Depute or Substitute, or before One of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace, of the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or

Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, on proof of the

Offence, either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties ac-

cused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses;

and one Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the

Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of Non- Warrant.

payment, the said Sheriff or Stewart or the said Justice, by Warrant Poinding.

under his Hand, shall cause the same to be levied by Poinding and

Sale of the Offender's Goods and Effects, or of the Goods and

Effects with which such Offender shall be found tracting, and the

Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and Ex-'

pence of the Poinding and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner, and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Stew- Imprisonment.

artry, City, Burgh or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties

and the reasonable Charges of the said Poinding and Sale shall be

levied as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such

Offender; and it shall be lawful for any such Sheriff or Stewart or Warrant.

such Justice of the Peace, by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him, to answer to any Charge

or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to imniifonment.

Prison as aforesaid, until the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless he or she shall and do enter into a bond before such Sheriff,

Stewart or Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties In a sufficient Sum, Security.

55 Gko. III.*- 7* to

Commissioners may act as Justices or Sheriffs.

Limitation of Imprisonment.

Appeal.

Sixpences.

Conviction not to be removed.

Fines for Use of His Majesty received.

C. 71.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

to be ordered by such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, to appear at the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, the Sheriffs Depute and Substitute of the County of Edinburgh, and the Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of Haddington and Linlithgow, to grant Convictions, and to do every other Matter or Thing which 1 Justice of the Peace or Sheriff or Stewart may do under this Act, notwithstanding the y are hereby appointed Commissioners for carry, ing the same into Execution.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person committed to any Gaol or House of Correction for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be detained in such Gaol or House of Correction for any longer Space of time than Three Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, she or they mall or may, upon entering into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by such Justice, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which in the Judgment of such Justice shall be adequate to the Amount of the Expences which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures and Expences as shall be adjudged in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Sessions for the County, Stewartry or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or at their Discretion to Hate the Fads especially, for the Determination of the Court of Exchequer} and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Court to award the Person or Persons to pay such Expences, occasioned by the Proceedings before them, as to them shall seem meet.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or Decree given under or by virtue of this Act, by any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, shall be removed to the Court of Session by Advocation, nor shall the same be suspended; but any Sheriff or Stewart, upon being required by the Party or Partie* after they shall have granted Bond with Two sufficient Sureties in the manner above directed in the case of an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, shall state the Fads specially for the Determination of the Court of Exchequer; and in case the Judgment of such Sheriff or Stewart shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for the said Court to award the Person or Persons to pay such Expences occasioned by the Proceedings before them, as to them shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Sheriff, Stewage before whom any Person shall be convicted for, any ] the Authority of this Act, shall take and receive 1 Share of the Penalty levied or paid underopjby virtue 5 viction, and shall pay the same to theiC County dr Stewarttr, wherein the f"

jarhkfi C$$pdor fbafifbrth withj

339

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 71.

him, but distinguishing the same in such manner as to enable the find Receiver General to transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, on the First Day of August in every Year, an Account of all such Monies so received by him in the preceding Year, which Account the said Receiver General is hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and every Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall transmit an Account of the Amount of the Penalty therein to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within One Calendar Month after the Date of every such Con vision.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Court of Exchequer by Where recover*

whom Judgment shall be given for any Penalty under and by virtue 'j* Court of

of this Act shall by the Judgment direct and authorize the Sheriff xc eHuer*

or Stewart within whose County or Stewartry the Offender may reside, or within which his Goods may be situated, to collect and levy His Majesty's Share of such Penalty; and upon receiving the same, such Sheriff or Stewart shall pay the Amount to the Collector of the Cess, who shall transmit the same to the Receiver General of Scotland, and fend an Account thereof to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, as in the manner above directed in the case of Penalties recovered upon Convictions made by any Sheriff, Stewart or Justice of the Peace.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person, who is hereby Omitting, &c. to directed to transmit an Account of any Penalty in the manner hereby transmit Account directed, shall omit or neglect so to do, every Person guilty of such of Penahy* Omission or Neglect shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding double penalty.

the Amount of the Sum or Sums of which an Account ought to

have been transmitted; and if any Person, who ought to pay any Omitting to pay

Sum or Sums of Money in the manner hereby directed to any Col- Money.

lector or to the Receiver General of Scotland, shall omit or neglect

so to do in the manner directed by this Act, every such Person shall be liable in a Penalty equal to the Amount of the Sums omitted or Penalty.

neglected to be paid; and if any such Person shall appear to have office forfeited.

wilfully omitted or neglected to make any such Payment, every such Person shall be deprived of his Office, and shall be incapable of serv-

ing His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office of Trust or

Emolument; all which Penalties shall and may be recovered and

applied in the manner in which other Penalties may be recovered and

are directed to be applied by this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall General Issue. at any time be sued, raolefted or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause,

Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become consuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble Cost*. Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and in the Court of Session in Scotland, the Defender or Defenders Libel denied, shall and may deny the Libel, and shew that the Ad complained of was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if the lame shall appear to have been so done, or if the Action or Pro-cefi shall be found irrelevant or otherwise dismissed, or the Pursuer Z 2 or

CL 71  75* 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

or Pursuers shall not prosecute the Action or Procefc or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Decree shall be given a^ainst the Pursuer Treble Costs. or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall hive Treble Costs or Expences, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Expences in other cases in Scotland.

Limitation of

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Suits, Actions or Profecu-lons* tions, for any thing done, or for Penalties incurred under or by virtue

of this A A, shall be commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or the Penalty shall have been incurred, and not afterwards.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to fix the Election for Glamorganshire at a central Place within the said County.

[7th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Eleftiong of Knights to serve in Parliament for the County of Glamorgan should be holden and determined at a convenient and central Place

within the said County Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon every Election to be made of any Knight to serve in this present or any future Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, the Sheriff of the said County shall hold his County Court for the same Election and every Adjournment thereof at the Town of Bridgend, within the said County, and shall proceed to and determine the said Elec* tion at the said Town of Bridgend, and at no other Place.

Bridgend the Place of Election.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[7th June 1815.]

[60, 000 Tickets. 1 CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service of Great Britain.

[7th June 1815J

[See ante, c. 58.'poj. ee. 124. 169.]

CAP. LXXV-An Act to continue the Encouragement of Persons ttaktag

A.D.

55 GEO. III.

C-7S-

34*

the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvementt in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution; the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude were empowered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or PropofaU that should be made to them for Discovery of the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, to as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, and also in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the

Seat Rewards specified in an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of is present Majesty, yet that such Discovery was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should think reasonable ' to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums so certified, who was thereby authorized and required to pay the same immediately to such Person or Persons out of any Monies which should be in his the Treasurer's Hands, unapplied to the Use of the Navy; and it was thereby further enacted, that all such Sum or 5 3-Sums of Money as should be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue of the said Act, as well for the Purpose of discharging the several Debts which had been incurred and were then growing due, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lefTer Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navi-

Nation, should not altogether exceed the Sum of Ten thousand ounds: And Whereas by several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy pursuant to the Directiona of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude have expended the whole of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid; and moreover several Debts have been incurred and are now growing due, for sundry Matters and Things done by Order of the said Commissioners in carrying the said Acts into Execution, and for Service tending to the Benefit of Navigation: And Whereas it is highly necessary that the said Debts should be discharged, and that the said Encouragements and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty should be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-! ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners for Debts incurred I the Discovery of the Longitude shall and may certify the Amount of under Act ceiti-4ch Debts, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the fied nd B'lls rfeme are or shall be respectively due, under their Hands and Seals, to 01

Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorized and re-Z 3 quired

v

Useful Discoveries in Navigation certified for Reward.

M G. 3. c. 66. 2.

Debts incurred and new Rewards not to exceed io, cocl.

How Rewards certified.

quired to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for discharging the said Debts, which Sum or Sums the said Treasurer is hereby re. quired to pay to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so certified to be due respectively out of any Money which shall be in hit the said Treasurer's Hands, unapplied as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionen for the Discovery of the Longitude, and they are hereby authorized and empowered whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for Discovery of the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use ai to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty; yet that such Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorized and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to make such Experiments or to receive such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied to thfe Use of the Navy.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue of this Act, as well for the Purpose of discharging the sevenl Debts which have been incurred and are now growing due in manner aforesaid, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a letter Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds: Provided also, that in case any such Reward or Sum of Money to be given or paid for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then and in every such case it shall be certified to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or any Five or more of them, but if any such Reward or Sum of Money shall exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then the same shall in every such case be certified as aforesaid, under I the Hands and Seals of the First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the First Commissioner of the Navy, the President of the Society, the Royal .^.stronomcr at Greenwich, and the Comptrol!

A!i A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 75, 7^. 343

itj'; of the Navy for the time being, they respectively being, by virtue

in of the several Offices held by them, Commissioners for the Discovery

skr of the Longitude as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Certificates Certificates nor signed and sealed respectively as hereinbefore is directed, shall not |"hle to be considered, deemed or taken to be Deeds or Instruments liable DutJ'*

Tj, to any Stamp Duties, but that the same shall be good and valid,

fa and shall and may be given in Evidence in any Court of Law or

jj Equity as Occasion shall require, without being stamped in any

manner whatsoever, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary  notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

is An Act to enable His Majesty, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to accept the Services of the Local Militia, either in or out of their Counties, under

1 certain Restrictions.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient, in the present circum-

t t (lances, that His Majesty should be empowered to accept*of a limited Extension of Service of the Local Militia for a (Hort Period for the internal Defence of Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept His Majesty the Services of such Parts of the Local Militia of Great Britain as raay accept may make voluntary Offers, duly certified by their respective Com- of k0"1 manding Officers, of serving under this Act, either in or out of the cither^n^/out Counties within which they shall be inrolled, and as His Majesty may of Counties, think proper to permit so to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Local Militia Forces ot Great Britain % to propose to such. Regiment, Battalion or Coiys, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to extend their Services, under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Allowances, as His Majesty may think fit to make and appoint in that behalf, subject nevertheless to the Restrictions contained in this Act; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to call out and employ, from time to time, any such Parts or Proportions of any Local Militia so volunteering as aforesaid, at such times and in such manner as he shall think fit, either in or out of their Counties, for any Period not exceeding such as are allowed by this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Local Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Local Services not to Militia shall be allowed to extend its Services, or be liable to be extend to more kept assembled upon any such extended Service under this Act, for tha" ^s any longer Period than Twenty eight Days in the whole in any One oTMarch. Year, exclusive of the Days of March, and Days of Arrival at and Departure from the Place where they should be assembled to do Duty; and all Days of Service under any such voluntary Offers as aforesaid shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exer-Z 4

344

C. 76, 77- SS* GEO. III. A.D. 1$j,

cife, under the Acts (a) already in force for the Regulation of the Local Militia in England and Scotland respectively.

(a) [52 G. 3. c. 38. 88.  52 G. 3. c. 68. 87.] Regulations as

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, L eniMr Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Mat* extend to Local ters an<* Things, in the said Acts respectively contained, as to the Militia on ex- Local Militia when embodied for Service in case of Invasion, shall tended Service, extend and be construed to extend to the Local Militia when serving under any such voluntary Offers under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were severally and respectively re-enacted as to such Service of the Local Militia.

Continuance.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in A t a tere, &c. force untjy the j)ay One thousand eight hundred and

sixteen, and no longer; and may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament,

His Majesty may embody Militia of Great Britain.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to order Irish Militia to be embodied.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to authorize, under present Circumstances, the Drawing out and Embodying of the British and Irish Militia, or any Part thereof.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under present Circumstances, 1 in the present Situation of the Country there being the

Prospect of an immediate War with France, to authorize the Drawing out and Embodying the Brit'tjh and Irish Militias, or

any Part thereof 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, under the present Circumstances, at any time after the passing of this Act and before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to draw out and embody the whole or any Part of the Militia of Great Britain, in like manner as His Majesty is by the Laws now in force relating to the said Militia empowered to draw out and embody the said Militia, or any Part thereof, or any Proportion of the Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Cityj Town or Place, in case of Invasion or upon imminent Danger thereof, or Rebellion or Insurrection.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under the present Circumstances, at any time after the passing of this Act and before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to order and direct that the Whole or any Part of the Militia of /rrAli^iWlbe drawn out and embodied, in like manner as the Lord ji other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the is by the Laws now in force in Ireland empowered or| wdpr and direct, that the said Militia*

Partfcoftbe Militia of the fevepai thetwL*.i<h*lK

34*

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 77, 78.

a'

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Regulations, Provisions and Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in j any way relating to the Drawing out and Embodying the British

2* and Irish Militias, or either of them, and now in force, shall extend

a and apply to the Drawing out and Embodying the said Militias rest spectively under present Circumstances, as fully and effectually as if

a such Regulations, Provisions and Clauses, were in this Act severally

and separately re-enacted and repeated; and that all the Powers, if Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, i Matters and Things contained in the several Acts relating to the British and Irish Militias, or either of them, and now in force, in re-! lation to such Militias or either of them, shall be respectively used,

1 applied and enforced, for the Drawing out and Embodying the said

1 Militias, or either of them, or any Part or Proportion thereof, under this Act, and as to such Militias, or either of them, when so drawn out and embodied, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were in this Act severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated, and made Part thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates and

Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and

upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioner, for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to consolidate and Amplify the same, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular the Duties under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland* and all Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland save and except only the Duties on Lottery Licences (a) ), shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, cease and determine: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or be in any wise deemed, taken or construed to prevent the recovering, allowing or paying at any time after the Commencement of this Act of any Arrears or Duty or Allowances which shall then remain unpaid.

(a) [See 46 G. 3. r. 64. Sch. (A.) No. VI.]

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of the said Duties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid in Ireland unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and defenbed in the Schedule to this Act annexed the several Sums of Money and Duties

as

Regulations of former Adti extended to Act

Act amended, &c.

5* G. 3. c. 87. Sch.; A.) in part and Sch (B.) (C.) wholly.

54 C. 118.

 i.

repealed.

Stamp Duties described in Schedule levied.

A.D. 1815.

34<S

Allowances specified in Schedule made.

In what cases Duties, &c. payable in British or Irish Currency.

c. 78.

55 GEO. III.

Duties under Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

Duties paid to Receiver General, and by him 0 Exchequer.

Consolidated Fund.

Portion of Duties on Admission of Students,rc. accounted for to Treasurer of Society of King's Inns.

as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in W01 and Figures in the said Schedule, and in each and every Parttherec and that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect all such Articles, Matters or Things as are inserted, enumerated 2 described therein in that behalf, the several Allowances inferfc described and set forth in the said Schedule; and that no Sura Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount Allowance in the Purchase of Stamps, other than such as is a are expressed and directed in the said Schedule; any thing in ai former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that t said Schedule, and every Matter and Thing therein respectively co tained, shall be deemed, taken and considered as Part of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowanc by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and payat according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except on such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Six pence,between the Sum of Six pence and the Sum of One Shilling, ac which said Duties shall be paid and payable according to the Amou thereof in Irish Currency: Provided always, that in all cases whe any Duties of Stamps or any Allowances in respect thereof a directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum referred to, respect whereof such Duties are imposed, such Amount so refern to shall be taken and deitaed to be, and shall be computed in 7rj Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That-the several Duties ar Allowances by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed, grant* and made payable, shall be under the Government, Care and Manag ment of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the tin being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by tl several Duties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed grantei shall be paid from time to time by the several Distributors of Staraj in Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamp Duti< for the time being in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever; an Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and th said Receiver General shall pay the same (the necessary Charges raising, paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into tt Receipt or the Exchequer of Ireland, at such times and in fuc manner as the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Pape: are by Law directed to be paid; and all Money so paid into the fai Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fun of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners c Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a distinct Accour of the Sum of Ten Pounds, Part of the several and respective Duti( of Thirty Pounds, in the Schedule mentioned, on the Adnuffion any Student into the Society of King\r Innt, and on the Admiflio of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister in the Inns* of Court and of the Sum of Seven Pounds, Part of the iDnty of Fiftf-Poundi in the said Schedule' mentioned, upone nn Apprentice for an a*

347

5* GEO. III. C. 78.

the time being, shall cause the said respective Parts of the said respective Duties of Twenty five Pounds and of Fifty Pounds to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Equity or Right of Redemption, or any Reversionary Right or Interest of, in, to or out of any Lands or other Property in Mortgage, or (landing pledged or charged for or with the Payment of any Sum of Money, shall be conveyed or disposed of either in Consideration of the Money so due on Mortgage, or in Consideration of that and of any further Sum paid or agreed to be paid, the Conveyance of such Equity of Redemption or Reversionary Right or Interest, shall be deemed and taken to be a Conveyance upon the Sale of Property, and the Money due on Mortgage shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchase Money or Part of the Purchase Money for the same, as the case may be, and the Conveyance shall be liable to such Duty in respect of the whole of such Consideration, as any other Conveyance upon the Sale of Property is liable to, deducing the reout, nevertheless, such ad valorem Duty, if any, as shall have been previously paid on the Execution of such Mortgage, in respect of so much of the Principal Sum [lent on such Mortgage, as shall then remain unpaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands or other Property separately contracted to be purchased of different Persons, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser, or according to the Purchaser's Direction, in and by one and the same Deed or Instrument, such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the ad valorem Duties, which shall be then by Law payable on Conveyances on the Sale of Property for and in respect of the separate Prices paid or agreed to be paid for such Lands or other Property, and not for and in respect of the aggregate Amount thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Deed or Instrument, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, shall also operate as a Conveyance of any other than the Property sold by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpose whatever, or shall also contain any other Covenant, Matter or Thing, besides what shall be incident to the Conveyance of the Property fold, every such Deed or Instrument shall be charged in addition to the Duty and progressive Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property, with such further Stamp Duty as any separate Deed containing the other Matters would have been chargeable with, exclusive of such Dilty and progressive Duty.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in any Ad (a) for regulating any Duties under the Care of the Commissionera for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or for regulating the Collection or Management of such Duties which shall from time to time be in force and unrepealed, shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying collecting, enforcing and securing the Duties and Allowances, by this Act granted and made payable, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been hereby specially enacted, and had made Part of this Act.

(a) \_Ste fofi. c. 81.3 VT.,

Conveyances of Equity, or Rigl.t of Redemption or Reversion of mortgaged Property to pay ad valorem Duty as'on a bale, deducting ad valorem Mortgage Duty previously paid.

How Conveyance of Property purchased of different Persons charged.

Conveyances 0* Sale containing other Matter to pay further Duty.

Powers of Acts relating to Stamps in Ireland extended to Ad.

34*

Commencement of A a.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Clauses, Provision9 and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

as to Stamp Duties payable on Licences to deal in Exciseallt Commodities in Ireland, c. 19. ante. See as to Great Britain, pofi. ee. 184, 185.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c.; on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGA. TION and SECURITY for Money j on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either of the following Heads.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, on Proceedings in the Admiralty and Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the several Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and other Courts in Ireland, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and before the Lord High Chancellor or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION 5 on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal Estate 5 and on SUCCESSIONS to Personil Estates upon Inteftacy.

PART THE FOURTH:

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS; ARTICLES not stamped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FIFTH:

Containing ALLOWANCES on the Purchase of STAMPS.

SCHEDULE;  PART THE FIRST.

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c. on Instruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either of the following Heads.

PART THE FIRST.

ADMISSION (a) of any Person to act as an Advocate of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Irelands for the Register or Entry thereof -ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister at Law, in the Inns of Court in Ireland; for the Register or Entry thereof -

ADMISSION of any Person to act as an Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor, in any Court in Ireland ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in ordinary in Chancery, or as one of the Six Clerks of the Cursitors, or one off the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or other Clerk or Officer whatsoever, in any Court in Ireland, who mult necessarily be employed to do certain official Business, and whole Emoluments shall be therefore so far fixed and certain;

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to 50I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amo- nt to 750I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to i, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to i, ooool.

and not amount to 1,500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1,500l. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum'And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3,000l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. or upwards per Annum

[a) [$ as to Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Admissions of Advocates, ProSors, 3*c. in Ireland, 79-]

t

. S* d.

30 O O

30 O O

20 0 0

Duty.

2 0 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

12 0 0

2S 0 0

35 0 0

50 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

3Jo C. 78. 35 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ADMISSION  continued. The laid Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Years preceding, if practicable; and if not, according to the best Information that can be obtained, Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Where any Officer shall be admitted annually, every admission after the firffl shall be free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his first Admission. All Admijffions of Officers, proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to Offices, which shall be charged with the Duties herein after mentioned. But in all Cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person. . Si d.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Public.   See Licence and Faculty. ADMISSION of any Person into the Society of King's Inns - -ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the 25 0 0

College of Physicians or Surgeons Note.  The said hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Admissions are, in all cases not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Register, Entry or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society, in which the Admission shall be made. 0 0 0

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh or Town Corporate in Ireland; for the Register, Entry, Minute or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll or Record, of such Corporation, Guild or Company; Where the Admission shall be in respect of Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage And: where the same shall be upon any other 1 0 0

Ground - Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. The Admission of any Person into a Corporation or Company for the DireS'ton of any Charitable Institution exclusively. ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices.  Sfee Collation. '.3 0

AFFIDAVIT, or AmRMATION, madeinjgrftooe of any Law for amending or repaving Pub&Roadsj w

SCHEDULE, PART I.

AF FID A VII  continued.

or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike, relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Preferments;

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised or accounted for, shall not exceed 20l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 20l. and shall not exceed 50l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed 100l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 100l. and shall not exceed 200l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 200l.

Any Affidavit not otherwise charged; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace; or before any Commissioner or Commissioners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers appointed or aQing under them; or before any other Commissioner or Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Act of Parliament or by the Crown.

Affidavits or Affirmations relating to Criminal Prosecutions.

Affidavits or Affirmations for the Purpose of Regift ering Freeholds.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation aQing as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise charged.

Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magistrate aQing in any Court of Conscience, or of a summary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Assize, Commissioner of Oyer and Terminer, or Recorder, or Afftstant Barrister, relative to Prosecutions or Trial of IndiQ-ments, or to Civil Bills.

Affidavits or Affirmations made in pursuance of any AS relative to the Hempen and Linen

cj

o

o

o

o

Duty.

s.

2

3

4

5

6

2

d.

o

o

o

o

o

9

A

AFFIDAVIT  continued.

Manufactures: And Affidavits or Affirmations as to the Payment of Corn Premiums: And Affidavits or Affirmations made before the Dublin Society.

Affidavits which may be required at the Bank of Ireland, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, to identify the Person of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks or Funds, or in any wise relating to the Loft, Mutilation or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill.

AGREEM ENT, or Contract, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, or other Security on any Estate or Property therein comprised.  See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of Agreement, made in Ireland under Hand only, (and not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty,) where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards, whether the same shall contain an actual Contfa&, or shall be actual Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the first -

Provided always, that where divers Letters shall be offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who mall have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any one of such Letters shall be figgnped with a Duty of il.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufactureer or Menial Servant.

Memorandum, Letter or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise-

Memorandum or Agreement made between the Master and Mariners of any Ship or Vessel, for Wager, on any Voyage Co\

. s. d;

1 t> 0

o 10 0

AGREEMENT  continued.

Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the Post, between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Ireland, and residing and affually beings at the time of fending such Letters, at the Distance of Forty Miles from each other, or between one or more Merchants in Ireland and one or more Merchants in any other Country.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first -If made by Deed.  See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclesiastical Benefices in Ireland -

APPOINTMENT of a Game Keeper.  -See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT to Offices.  See Admission, Grant.

APPRENTICESHIP.  Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, who shall be put or placed to ojr with any Mailer or Millrefs, to learn any Prosession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship or Apprenticeship to Attornies and others, herein after specijically charged

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, or be secured to be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, to or for the Use or Benefit of the Mailer or Millrefs, with or in respect of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Money and Value of such other Matter shall not exceed 30I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 30I. and shall not exceed 50I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 50I. and shall not exceed col.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 100L and shall not exceed 200I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 200I. and shall not exceed 300I.

Where such Sum or Value shall Exceed 300I. and shall not exceed 400I. -

53 Geo. III. A a

. s. d.

100

o 10 o

2 0 0

0 5

OIOo

1 10 o

5 Q O

6 0 0

10 o 

354

C. 78.

55 GEO. III.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

A.D. 1815.

Duty.

APPRENTICESHIP  continued.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 400I. and shall not exceed 500I.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 500I. and shall not exceed 600I.

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of 600I. for every iool. of such Excess, a Duty of -

And where there shall be no such Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the Master or Mistress APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforesaid, who shall be put or paced to or with a new Master or Mistress, either by Alignment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence or Incapacity of the former Master or Mistress, or otherwise;

Where there shall be any such valuable Consideration as aforesaid, moving to the said Maftet or Mistress, exclusive of any Part of the Consideration to the former Master or Mistress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Master or Mistress

And where there shall be no such new Consideration -

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties.

Indentures or other Instruments where no Apprentice Fee shall he given, or if any be given, where such Apprentice Fee shall not exceed the Sum of 10/.

And all Alignments of such Apprentices so as before excepted; provided there shall be no such valuable Consideration as aforesaid to the new Majter or Mistress?other than mbat may have been or shall be given by any Public Charity.

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or? Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Articles or Contrak -

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indentures or other Instrunpent, whereby any Person shall.bound to serve as an Apprentice; in orders such Admissidn-as aforesaid, for the "

[ Term for^wadb^jbe ww^originallr t" 'pimvoi <* Wtft '

 t. I 12 10 0 20 0 0

3 0 0

O 10 0

Stub and tbt like Dtlj in Proportion U tbt Amount or Vdot if futb new CnJUere-tion only, at iibtfsrt charged on any rip* nal Indenture t/Ap-I frentiuship.

O 10 9

5090

ATICLES of APPRENTICESHIP-continued.

ContraA between them being vacated by Consent, or by Rule of Court, or in any other Event

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Dublin, on each Part of such Articles or Contract -ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indentures or other Instrument, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or an Apprentice, in order to his Admission in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any Ecclesiastical Court save as aforesaid, on each Part of such Articles or Contra&

ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indentures or other Instruments, for binding a Clerk or an Apprentice to a Notary Public, in order to his becoming a Notary Public, on each Part of such Indentures ARTICLES of APPRENTICESHIP, Indenture or other Instrument or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Proctor or as a Notary Public in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ASSIGNMENT upon the Sale of any Property.  See Conveyances.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar Security.  See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of any^roperty, Real or Personal, not otherwise charged in thti Schedule, nor. exp ref sly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

For every Skin after the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper after the first AWARD under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of any Court -

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage.  See Conveyance.  Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate, upon any other Occasion than the Mortgage or Sale thereof, over and above all other Duties

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-

Aa z

. s. d.

I 10 O

I 10 0

50

10

10

o 15

3S<S

C. 78.

55 GEO. III.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BARGAIN and SALE  continued

ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first -

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE (b), Promissory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otherwise. Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, of any Sum of Money, not otherwise charged or expressly excepted,

Where the Sum therein expressed shall not exceed iol.

Where the Sum shall exceed iol. and shall not exceed 30I.

Where the Sum shall exceed 30I. and shall not exceed 50I.

Where the Sum shall exceed 50I. and shall not exceed iool.# -Where the Sum shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 200I.

Where the Sum shall exceed 200I. and shall not exceed 500I.

Where the Sum shall exceed 500I. and shall not exceed i, ooool.

Where the Sum shall exceed i, ooool. and shall not exceed 3, ooool. -Where such Sum shall exceed 3, ooool..-

Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other stated Periods, if made payable to Bearer or to Order, or to the Payee or some Person on his or her Behalf, or which shall be delivered to the Payee or such Person, where the Total Amount of the Moitfjjthere- by made payable shall be specified therein, or can be ascertained therefrom -

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule j viz.

A.D. 1ffy,

Duty.

t- I 0 5 0

0 15

1 5

(The Jam Duty ei it a Bill tf Extbttp for the liti Sum, payable to Bearer tr Order.

The same Duty at w a Bill payable ti Bearer or Order Jer a Sum equal to fid total Amount.

[The same Duty 01 w < a Bill for the Sua

k therein expressethnly

BILL  continued.

s. d.

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money by a Bill or Promissory Note, or for the Deliveij of any such Bill or Note in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money; where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf:

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any Third Person or Persons:

And all Bills, Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not be available, or upon Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen, if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or to the Payee, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her Behalf.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills not otherwise charged; Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding 2/. iox. passed on account of Tithes, or for Money lent by, or payable to9 any Society for Charitable Loant or by or to their Trusteest in trust for them.

Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Mopey to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, who shall reftde or transaS the Business of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where

such Drafts or Orders shall be drawn; provided such Place shall be specified in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the same shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be issued; and provided the same do not d'treS the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes.

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Foroes, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the Public Regimental or District Accounts y which shall be dr a bun according to the Forms now pre-

fTa<r same Duty at on

Fonign BILL of EXCHANGE

BILL  continued.

scribed or hereafter to be prescribed by His Majesty's Orders, by the Paymasters of Recruiting DiflriBs, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or the Officer or Officers authorized to perform the Duties of Paymnf-tership during a Vacancy, or the Absencey Suspension or Incapacity of any such Pay-master as aforesaid; save and except such Bills as shall be drawn in favour of Con-traBors or others, who furnt/h Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their ContraBs and /.Agreements shall be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

BILL of LADING, which shall be signed of or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effects, to be exported or carried Coaltways -

BILL of SALE absolute.  See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security--- See Mortgage.

BOND in Ireland, or other obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any principal Sum, not otherwise particularly charged, not exceeding 100I.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 30CI. and not exceeding 500I. Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool Exceeding i, ocol. and not exceeding 2, 000! Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, 000 Exceeding 3,000l. and not exceeding 4, 0001 Exceeding 4, ooool. and not exceeding 5, 000! Exceeding 5,000l.

BOND given as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, whether together with or without ampSum already advanced;

Where the Total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable, shall be uncertain and without any Limit And where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum

BOND given as a Security for the Transfer, or Retransfer, of any Share in any of the Government or Baifrn-inentaryJStocks or Funds, or in the Stock*

Company of

0

1

1

2

2

3

4 4 6

10

12 10 0

rThe same Duty al* a Bond for foci U mittd Sum.

The same Doty not a Bond for a Sum d Monty, efunl to tbt Vat ft of tb* Stoti W, Pomdft.urt +axrl

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

BOND  continued. BOND in Inlands commonly called a Mortgage or Annuity Bond, or Bond given as a Collateral Security . x. d.

for or in respect of any Mortgage Or Annuity -BOND given as the only or principal Security for the 0 10 0

Payment of any Annuity upon the original Creation and Sale thereof.  See Conveyance upon the Sales of Lands, &c. BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale there- 'I The same Duty as on

of), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Pe- J a Bond of the like

riods (not being Interest for any Principal Sum or V Nature for the Pay

Rent referred, or payable upon any Lease) for any definite and certain Term, so that the Total Amount j meat of a Sum of

Money equal to such J total Amount.

of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained BOND given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except as aforesaid), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods (not being IntereH for any principal Sum, nor Rent reserved, or payable upon any Lease) for the Term of Life or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained; Where the Annuity, or Sums secured, shall not

amount to iol. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iol. and not O IO O

amount to 50I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not IOO

amount to 100I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and I IO O

not amount to 200I. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 200I. and 2 0 0

not amount to 300I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and 2 IO.O

not amount to 4.C0L. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 400I. and 3 0 0

not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 5C0L and 3 IO 0

not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750I. and O O

0

not amount to i, ooool. per Annum -'-And where the same shall amount to 1, ooooL ar d 6 0 0

not amount to i, cool. per Annum And where the same mall amount to 1,500l. and O O n

not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per 10 0 0

Annum or upwards - 0 0 N

BOND for indemnifying any Person who shall become bound or engaged as Surety or Cautioner for the

Payment of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or for Asa. 1

BOND  continued.

the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned

BOND for the due Execution of an Office, and to account for Money received by virtue thereof BOND given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or Excise, or any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto -

BOND of any Kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

General Directions respecting Bonds.

Where any such Bond as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, shall be written on more than one Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or on more than one Sheet of Paper, there shall be charged for every other Skin or Sheet of Paper as aforesaid, a further progressive Duty of -

Where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, or an Annuity, or both, or for the Payment of an Annuity, and also of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, the proper^valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, on Annuities or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of such separate and drftinft Sum of Money, or Annuity or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the Aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any Bond shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or " -

any Soa*of Money, or- '

. I

1 0 0

100

0 10 0

1 O 0

o 10 0

BOND  continued.

mediately given for the Payment or Transfer of such Money, or Annuity, or Share of the said Stocks or Funds.

And where any Bond for the Payment or Transfer, or for the Performance of any Covenant for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, shall be contained in one or the same Deed or Writing, with any other Matter or Thing, in this Schedule specifically charged with any Duty (except any Declaration of Trust of the Money, Annuity, Stock or Fund secured) such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the same Duties as such Bond and other Matter or Thing would have been charged with, if contained in separate Deeds; but where a Bond for the Performance of Covenants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds,) shall be contained in the same Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing, the same shall not be charged separately, but the whole shall be considered as one Deed and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Administration Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Sister of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall be flain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Administration Bond given by any Person, where the Estate to be administered shall not exceed 20I. in Value.

CERTIFICATE of having registered a Deputation as a Game Keeper (c) -

CERTIFICATE to authorize any Person not being a Game Keeper to kill Game in Ireland (c) -

CERTIFICATE to entitle any Person to receive a

Drawback of any Duty.--See Debenture.

CERTIFICATE (d) to be taken out yearly by every Person admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of

3

3

x.

3

3

d.

o

o

(c) [See as to Collection and Management of Stamp Du-

ties on Game Certificates in Ireland, post. c- 100.]

(d) [*SVr as to Code Sion and Management of Stamp Duties on Attarnics, Solicitors and ProBors in Ireland post. t. 79. j

CERTIFICATE  continued.

His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, and by every Person admitted as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in Ireland, and by every Person admitted as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or Procurator, in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Damage doth exceed Forty Shillings

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years and upwards -Or if he shall not have been admitted for Three Years -

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, who shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be re-issued, of such Banker or Bankers having registered the Firm of his House according to Law

CHARTER PARTY, or any Agreement or Contra& for the Charter of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter or other Writing between the Captain, Mailer or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any Person for or relating $0 the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods or Effects, on board of such Ship or Vessel -

CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contra& of  See Apprenticeship.  Articles.

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in Ireland, of the Yearly Value of iool.

And for every iool. of the Yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first iool. a Year, a further Duty of -

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop or Vicar General of the Diocese: Provided always, that Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall be deemed One Benefice only.

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland. 

- See Promotion and Institution.

COMPOSITION DEED, or other Instrument of Composition between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her or their Creditors

CONSTAT of Letters Patent.-  See Exemplification. CONVEYANC^hether Grant, Alignment^T*- fer, Release,*

3

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE  continued. nuities or other Property, Real or Personal, or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim into, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property whatsoever in Ireland, which shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors of any of them; Where the Money therein or thereupon expressed . f. d.

shall not exceed xool. And where the same shall exceed iool. and not 1 0 0

exceed 300I. And where the same shall exceed 300I. and not 1 10 0

exceed 500I. And where the same shall exceed 500I. and not 2 0 0

exceed 750I. And where the same shall exceed 750I. and not 3 0 0

exceed 1, ooool. And where the same shall exceed i, ooool. and not 4 10 0

exceed 2, ooool. And where the same shall exceed 2, ooool. and not 6 0 0

exceed 3,000l. And where the same shall exceed 3, ooool. and not 12 10 0

exceed 4,000l. And where the same shall exceed 4, ooool. and not 17 10 0

exceed 5,000l. And where the same shall exceed 5, ocol. and not 22 10 0

exceed 8, ooool. - - - -And where the same shall exceed 8, ooool. and not 3* 10 0

exceed l2, OOol. And where the same shall exceed I2, ooool. and not 47 10 0

exceed 15,000l. And where the same shall exceed 15, 000b and not 65 0 0

exceed 2o, ooool. And where the same shall exceed 20, ooool. and not 85 0 0

exceed 30,000l. And where the same shall exceed 30, 000b and not 120 0 0

exceed 40, 00c!. And where the same shall exceed 40*000l. and not 175 0 0

exceed 50, 000b -And where the same shall exceed 50, 000b and not 225 0 0

exceed 6o, ooub -And where the same shall exceed 6o, OOol. and not a75 0 0

exceed 100, 000b - 35 0 a

And where the same shall exceed 100, 000b For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in such Part of such Conveyance, Settlement, Deed or instrument, after the first Skin, a further 500 0 0

Duty of - -Note.  The Purchase or Consideration Money 0 xo 0

is to be truly expressed and set forth in

CONVEYANCE  continued.

Words at length, in or upon every such Deed or Instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Lands or other Property con-tra&ed to be sold at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed in separate Parts or Parcels by different Instruments, the Purchase or Consideration Money shall be divided and appointed in such manner as the Party shall think lit, so that a distiixft Consideration for each separate Part or Parcel may be set forth in or upon the Principal or only Instrument of Conveyance relating to such Part or Parcel.

And where any Lands or other Property shall be sold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Bond or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Debt or Sum of Money shall be deemed part of the Consideration, in respect whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid.

And where, upon the Sale of any Annuity or other Right not before in Existence, the same shall not be created byactual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or otherwise, the Bond or other Instrument by which the same shall be secured, or some one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty as any actual Grant or Conveyance.

And where there shall be several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property fold, such of them as are not liable to the said act valorem Duty shall be charged with the Duty to which the same may be liable under any general or particular Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule.

Exemption* frofn the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, and in the Stock or Funds of the Bank, of Ireland? or of any Company or Corporation in Jte-land.; !,

CONVEYANCE.of, Lands and Rente belonging J Crown.  See -

; CONVEYANCE!

SCHEDULE, PART I.

CONVEYANCE  continued.

Sale, which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock.  See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE, Lease, Release, Indenture, Deed or Instrument of any Kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein For every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

COPY or EXTRACT of any Will or Codicil deposited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland;

For every entire Quantity of 90 Words, over and above the first 90 Words, a further progref-Jive Duty of

COPY or EXTRACT of any Memorial, or of the Register of any Memorial registered pursuant to an Act of Parliament made or to be made for the Public registering of Deeds and Conveyances in Ireland -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extract shall be written, a further progressive Duty of -

DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported or shipped to be exported from Ireland to any Part beyond the Seas;

If the same shall f exceed 1001.

If the same shall exceed tool, and not exceed 200I.

If the same shall exceed 200I. and not exceed 500I.

If the same shall exceed 500I.

DECLARATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real of Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein, after the first -

DEED of any Kind whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty; for the first Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein

For every other Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet' or Piece of Paper therein -f Sic,

Duty.

. s. d.

I o o

o 10 o

003

050

050

02*6 050 o 10 o

IOO

too o 10 o

100 0X0 0

SCHEDULE, PART I.

DEFEAZANCE DEED, or other Instrument of Defeazance, of any Conveyance or Disposition apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security for Money or Stock.  See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION for any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor -

DISCHARGE for Money.  See Receipt. DISPENSATION for holding Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity or Benefice, in Ireland DISPENSATION or Faculty from the Lord Arch-bishop of Armagh or Matter of the Faculties for the time being

And in all other cases -DONATION.  See Presentation.

DRAFT for Money.  See Bill of Exchange. EXCHANGE of Lands or other Hereditaments;

Any Deed or Instrument of Exchange where no Sum of Money, or only a Sum of 300I. shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first -

And where a Sum of 300I. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange;

If the Exchange shall be effected by separate Deeds or Instruments of Conveyance, there shall be paid for the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to each Party

And if the same shall be effected by mutual Conveyances, in One Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or Instrument -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first -EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege to any Person or Persons, Body or Politic or or July Lands, O

Duty.

 /. I

200 25 o 0

25 o 0 20 0 0

rThe same Duty as fa 1 a Conveyance of lie I Sale of Lauds for 0

11 Sum of Money, of equal Amount vhb toe Money paid or agreed to be paid fer Equalityof Exchange rTbe same Duty as for I a Conveyance an lie Sale of Lands fer a j Sum of Money of v, twice the Amount of tie Mona paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchty

o 10

FURTHER CHARGE.  See Mortgage.

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland

Of the Honour or Dignity of an Archbishop ----- -  --- of a Duke

- of a Marquis -

- of an Earl

- of a Viscount

- of a Bishop

- of a Baron

- ' of a Baronet -

Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion

whatsoever, or of any Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate And where Two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the same Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in respect of the nighest in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Persons, in remainder, the Letters Patent shall be charged with such further Duty, in respect of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the same Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding Stamp Duties. Commissions of Rebellion in Process.

Letters Patent or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences.

Letters Patent for confirming any Dispensation hereinbefore charged with a Duty.

GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank -GRANT of an Escheatorship -

GRANT of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant for Profit, and herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Seal of the Exchequer, except Custo-diara Leases -

GRANT from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being Part

. S. d.

150 0 0

350 0 0

300 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

IOO O 0

150 0 0

IOO O 0

20 0 0

20 o

50 o o

20 o- o

3 o o

GRANT  continued.

of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to iool. -Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250I.

Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I.

Amounting to 500]. and not amounting to 7jol. -

Amounting to 750I. and not amounting to

1.0001. -

Amounting to 1, ooool. or upwards; for every

1 col. thereof -

Or of any Annuity or Pension,

Not amounting to tool, per Annum -Amounting to tool, and not amounting to 200I.

Amounting to 2col. and not amounting to 400I. per Annum -Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to 600I. per Annum -Amounting to 600I. and not amounting to 800I. per Annum -Amounting to 800I. and not amounting to

1.0001. per Annum -

Amounting to i, ooool. per Annum and upwards -

But where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, for any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where several and distinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the same Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, or to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in*respea of the Whole.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, his Hi Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time by any other Person or Persons, Body

30

1 10

30

40

5

 AD.iSfy. y j* GEO. III. C. 7S. 369

SCHEDULE, PART I, Duty.

GRANT  tontitrued. Where the Salary, Fee's and Emolument* appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 50I. per . i. d.

Annum -And where the same shall amount to 50L and not 2 0 0

amount to loot, per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not*0 O

amount to 200b per Annum And where the same shall amount to zool- and not 5 0 0

amount to 300I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not 10 0 0

amount to cool, per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not 20 0

amount to 750I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not 30 O O

amount to i, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to i, ooool. and ! Y> O O

not artmont to 1, 500!. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 1, yool. and 50 O O

not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum -And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and 75 O O

not amount to $>ooool. per Annum*And where the same shall amount to 3,000b per 100 O O

Annum or upwards -The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, where practicable j and in other cases, according to the bed fnforrifatfoff that carr be obtained. 150 O O

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to Two or more Person* Jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and diHin& Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to Rich Person, shall be in any manner augmented 3. and in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

INDENTURES of Apprenticeship.-  Apprenticeship and Articles.

55 Geo. III. B b

37

C-7&.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in Ireland, provided that an Institution to Two or more Benefices, episcopally united, shall be considered as an Institution to a single Benefice

Collation by an Archbishop or Bishop to be considered as equivalent to Presentation and Institution, and subject to the Two Duties accordingly.  See Collation and Presentation.

INVENTORY.-See Schedule.

LEASE, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article for felling or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof, on the first Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereof;

Where the annual Amount of the Rent referred, or agreed to be referred (any Penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount}, shall not exceed 10I. and the Fine or Confederation for the same shall not exceed iool.

Where the annual Amount of such Rent

or of such Fine or Consideration

r

 10  20  $0  100  150  200 250  300 jar

20 lOO

 So iso

100 200

150 $00

 200  750

2$0  1,000

300 1, 250

350 I 1, 500

400 1, 750

And where the annual Amount of fi referred, or agreed to be referred, the Sum of 400I. or such Fine^ ration shall exceed the Sum oi i, for every root, of the Whdfe Amoukftj

. t % d*

050

A.D. 1815. j5 GEO. m, C. 78. 37*

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

LEASE  continued. Where there shall be both Rent and Fine Duty to be paid in respect of each, which may be denoted by either One or Two Stamps; For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, after the first Skin or Sheet a further . /. d.

progressive Duty of - 0 0 0 v

LEASE, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or J Subject to double the

legal or equitable Article for setting or demiiing I Amount of the Duty)payable on the fore* } going Leases. I The like Duty as in

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years,

for every Skin after the first - - And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article shall be executed by the Lessor or Lessors therein, or any of them, by Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every Five Pounds of the annual Amount of such Rent reserved, or agreed to be reserved, and for every Twenty five Pounds of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all cases on the first Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parch- 1 the foregoing Leases.

ment or Paper, in any of such Instruments,

of OIO

LEASE, Release, Deed or Instrument, for demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, executed by any Master in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by any eligit Creditor, or any Lease of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, under Eviction for Nonpayment of Rent, and redeemable, where such Lease shall not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue to be redeemable, on the first Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, where such Rent shall not exceed 200I. by the Year,

or that Rate for any Portion of a Year Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 200I. by the Year and shall not exceed the Rate O IO O

of 400I. by the Year -Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 400I. by the Year, then for every iool. of- the IOO

yearly Rate of such Rent Every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in every such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute O O O

or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Ar-

ticle, after the first Skin or Sheet Bb 2 O O O

LETTER or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman or Marine, or Soldier forving as a Marine, for Recovery of Prize Money LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Release of Dividend*, of any Government, Parliamentary, or other Stock or Funds LETTER or Power of Attorney* of any other Kind, not otherwise charged -

LETTER of Attorney, empowering any Person to receive Rents in Ireland, except Letters of Attorney to receive Rents under Custodiams or Eligits LETTER of Attorneys empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Lease or Leafea of Lands in Ireland, on the Part or Behalf of any Lessor or Lessee

If such Letter of Attorney shall be limited to the executing of any Lease or Leases in which the annual Amount of the Rent referred, or to be referred (any Penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent, in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount), shall not exceed 5I. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed 20I.

And where such Letter of Attorney shall not be limited -

LETTER of Attorney which shaft be limited to any larger Rent or Fine, or which shall not specify the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be reserved or received on such Lease -

LETTER of Attorney empowering any Person to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Consideration of such Conveyance shall not exceed tool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed tool, or where the Amount of the Consideration shall not be exp refled in such Letter of Attorney LETTER of Licence from Creditors to at Debtor LETTERS Patent-  See Gbant.

LICENCE M Special for Marriage to be issued from the Court of Prerogative in Ireland If by any other Authority LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop* RHscop, Vicar General, or other competent Authority jfx Ireland, for the Non* Residence of any Clergyma* tipo* hiaXiviag - - "

(e) rSee as to tjpanted By A ixt _ ____

a. <ct. - - t-'-Tw Act*

- an*- -., t 4 8 V.-

. I

O 1 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

5 0 0

10

1

0

10

SCHEDULE, PART I.

LICENCE  continued

LICENCE of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Archbiflvop, Bishop or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland -

LICENCE to deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland LICENCE to insure against Fire LICENCE to act as a Notary Public.  See Dispensation.

LICENCE to keep one or more Printing Press or Presses MARRIAGE LICENCE.  See Licence. MEMORIAL of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Deviso, which shall be registered or inroiled in the Public Office for registering of such Memorials, or entered in the Courts of Record in Ireland, except those otherwise hereby charged -

And for every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Paper upon which the same ftwdl be written, after the first, a further progreJ/iveDuty of -MEMORIAL of the Assignment of any Judgment;

Where the Penalty of such Judgment so assigned shall not exceed col.

And where the Penalty of the Judgment so aligned shall exceed iool.

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further Duty of MEMORIAL of any Demise, or of any Agreement to demise -

MORTGAGE or other Security of or affecting any Lands, Estate or Property, Real or Personal, whatsoever, also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, in Trust, to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which ftiaU be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation or otherwise;

Any Defeazance or Deed for defeating or making redeemable any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security;

Also any Agreement, Contract or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of any Title Deeds for making a Mortgage, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate or Property, comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the same as a Security;

B1> 5

1

2 O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Duty.

10

o

5

1

10

10

5

10

10

2

o

o

o

o

6

MO RTG AGE  continued.

Where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of any definitive and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable, and shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors thereof, or of any of them.

Not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding

200I.

Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding

300I.

Exceeding 300L and not exceeding

500I.

Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding

1.0001.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding

2.0001.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding

3, 9001.

Exceeding 3,000l. and not exceeding

4.0001.

Exceeding 4, ooool. and not exceeding

5.0001.

Exceeding 5, ooool. and not exceeding

10.0001.

Exceeding 10,000l. and not exceeding

15,000l.

Exceeding i c, ooool. and not exceeding

20.0001.

Exceeding 2o, ooool.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in such Part of such Mortgage or other Instrument, after the first Skin -

And where the same respectively shall be made as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be;

If the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit

But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable tuereup^ shall be limited not to exceed a

Vwn

o 15

lS

20

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

MORTGAGE  continued.

And where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Company, in Consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable -

And where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And in case the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds j the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for and in respect of each separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in such Part of such Mortage or other Instrument, after the first Skin -

MORTGAGE, &c. Any Transfer or Assignment of any Mortgage, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured, in all cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion shall not be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment; and also where the Persons who originally made the Mortgage or Security shall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured

And in all other cases such Transfer or Assignment shall be charged with the same Duty as an original Mortgage or other Security*

-Thc same Duty as on a Mortgage for a Sum of Money, equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured, according to the Average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Mortgage or other Instrument aforesaid, or on either of the Th* Days preceding.

O 10 O

I IO O

3/6

C. 78.

55 GEO. III.

A, D, 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

MORTGAGE  continued.

Exemptions from the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, &c* but not from any other Duty to which the same may be liable.

Any Deed or other Injlrumnt made in pursuance of and conformably to any Agreement, Contract or Bond, hereby charged with, and which shall actually have paid the said act valorem Duty* MORTGAGE, or other Security, with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion, or other Matter in the same Deed; viz.

Wh^re any Deed or Writing shall operate as a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, and also as a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of any Lands, Estate or Property therein comprised, to, or in trust for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser, such Deed or Writing shall be charged not only with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property, but where the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed or limited in any other Manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage;

And in all other cases where a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with ad valorem Duty on Mortgages shall be contained in one and the same Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing (except what shall be incident to such Mortgage or other Instrument), such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the same Duties (except the progrejkve Duty) as such Mortgage or other Instrument and such other Matter or Thing would. have been separately charged with if contained in separate Deeds or Writings.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, contained in the Deed or Writing mentioned in the Two First Qiausea, after the first Skin or Sheet, a further Duty of -

NOTARIAL ACT[* any whatsoever not Qtbq^odfq

charged in this!Schedule

And for Shjstqc

mentor Vellum, upon ________

Duty.

ORDER for the Payment of Money.  See Bill of

Exchange.

PARDON or Remission (except Pardon faffed in forma pauperis of or for any Crime or Offence) of or for any Crime, Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding 50U -

PARTITION of Lands or other Hereditaments, by Deed or Instrument of Partition, where no Sum of Money, or only* Sum under 300I. shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality of Partition

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper contained in such Deed, after the first Skin or Sheet, a fur-

. 4.

4 o

x o

</.

o

o

ther Duty of

And where a Sum of 300I. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Partition -

And if the same shall be effected by mutual Conveyances in One Deed or Instrument, there shall be paid for such Deed or Instrument -

For every Sheet or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first POLICY of A durance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied; whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives, or upon any Event or Contingency relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives.

Where the Sum insured shall not amount to cool. And where it shall amount to 500L and not amount to i, ooooh And where it shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooooL. And where it shall amount to 3,000l. and upwards POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only POWER of ATTORNEY.  See Letter of At-

o 10 o

CTbe same Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, for a J Sum of Money of ] equal Amount with the Money paid or agreed to be paid for C Equality of Partition. {'The same Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a I Sum of Money of j Twice the Amount of the Money paid or agreed to be paid for C Equality of Partition.

O IO O

0 10 O

IOO

1 10 O

2 0 0

OIO

TOBNEY,

PRESENTATION, or DONATION, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, or by any other Patron, To any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion of the yearly Value of

5 oof

378

C-78.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

PRESENTATION or DONATION  continued.

And for every iool. of the yearly Value thereof exceeding the first idol, a Year, a further Duty of -

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop or Bishop, or Vicar General of the Diocese; Provided always that Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall be deemed One Benefice only.

To any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in Ireland PROCURATION, Deed of, or other Instrument of

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first Skin or Sheet -PROMISSORY NOTE (/), whether in the Form of a Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, or otherwise, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers, who shall have registered his or their Name or Names or Firm, in Manner directed by Law, where the Sum therein expressed shall not amount to 5I.

shall amount to 5I. and not to iol.

shall amount to iol. and not to 50I.

For Notes exceeding 50I.  See Inland Bill. PROMISSORY NOTE  See Inland Bill. PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment of any Sum of Money by Instalments, or for the Payment of Several Sums of Money, at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid shall be definite and certain

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Promissory Notes, within the Meaning of this Schedule; videlicet,

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty Pounds. PROTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, for any Sum of Money,

Not amounting tb 50L -.

Amounting to col. or upwards -PROTEST of any ofher Kind -.

. s> A'

500

10 0 0

o 10 0

o 10 0

o 0 3

o 0 6

o 0 8

The same Iivtj amt

Sum rjual tt & -whole Amount of tht J Sum to be pail-

fir

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

PURCHASE DEED.  See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, &c.

RECEIPT (g) or Discharge, for or upon the Payment of Money, or on the Delivery of any Check, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 2I. and not amounting to iol. Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 20I. -Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to 50I.

Amounting to 50I. and not amounting to iool. Amounting to icol. and not amounting to 200I. Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500I. and upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands -Exemptions from the present Duties on Receipts.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent, for Money impressed to him, on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier, or their Kepre-fentatives respectively, for or on account of any Wages, Pay or Pension, due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Office or Ordnance OJice.

Receipts for any Sum of-Money paid for or on account of the Pension of the Widow of any Officer of His Majesty's Land Forces payable in Ireland.

[5>x 53 G. 3. c, 51.]

Receipts or Discharges given for the Consideration Money for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for every Dividend paid on any Share of the said Stocks or Funds respectively,

Receipts given for Money deposited in the Bank

demand; provided the same be not expressed to be received of or by the Hands of any other than the Person or Persons to whom the same is to be accounted for.

Receipts or Discharges written upon Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date

(g) [See as to Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Receipts in Irelandt post. c. ioo.J

. /* d.

002

004

008

010

020

030

050

050

u

RECEIPT  continued

thereof; or upon Bills of Exchange drawn out of but payable in Ireland

Receipts or Discharges given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

Letters by the General Post acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money.

Receipts or Discharges tndorfed or other wise written upon or contained in any Bond, Mortgage or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed or Instrument whatever, duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Consideration therein expressed, or the Receipt of any principal Money, Interest or Annuity thereby secured.

Receipts or Discharges exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act of Parliament not expressly repealed in that respe8.

Releases or Discharges for Money, by Deeds duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof

Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or Bounties for the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandize from Great Britain.

Receipts or Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Customs upon Certificates of Over Entry.

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute

Staple, entered into as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Spins of Money RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute

Staple, entered into as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contract or Agreement 5 or for indemnifying any Person or Persons against any Matter or Thing

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant or Statute

Staple, and Entry of Record in any Court or Office not herein otherwise charged

Exemptions.

Recognizance taken before any Justice or Jifiices of the Peace.

Recognizance on an Appeal from a Decree or Difinifi made or pronounced by any Afifiant Barrficr in their reJpjcBive Counties- or the Chairman of Kilmainham, or by the Reorder

Mo

Lawy taken In ApHxwmt./

. s. I

o 10 0

o 10 0

o 10 0

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty,

/. d.

1 0 0

0 0 0

0 2 0

1 0 0

0 10 0

to 0

0 10 0

RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property.  See Conveyance.

RELEASE, Conveyance or Surrender of any Grant or Grants, or Office or Offices, Release or other Deed whatever (except Indentures of Attornies or Pro3ors9 Apprentices and Alignments thereof and Alignments of Judgments) which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Duhltn % or in any Court of Record whatsoever, over and above all other Duties -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property.  See Conveyance.

REQUISITION, or any Request, Note for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or other Person duly authorized to grant the same, relative to any exciseable or other Goods, and any Request, Note or Requisition, for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law REVOCATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusts, of or concerning any Estates or Property Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will _ -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, after the first Skin -

SURRENDER upon the Sale of Lands or other Pro perty.  See Conveyance.

certain Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments

first

38a

C. 78.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE;  PART THE SECOND.

Containing the Duties on LAW, EQUITY, and other PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable for and in respect of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the several InftmmenU, Matters and Things herein charged, shall be respectively written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or are expressly charged in any other manner.

And all the Instruments, Matters and Things herein charged with a Duty, in it-spe& of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the same shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed up Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and in such and the same Manner and Form, as the like Instruments, Matters or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean not only the Four Courts in the City of Dublin, but also any other Court in Ireland, holding Plea where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

PART THE SECOND.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the Court of Admiralty in Irelands

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts -

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAfL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order of any of the said Courts

APPEARANCE, on the Entry of, for each Defendant ATTACHMENT issuing out of any of the said Courts except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen's Wages -BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same, where the Sum inserted therein shall not exceed 50I.

And where the Sum inserted therein shall exceed 50I. and shall not exceed 1501.

And where the Sum shall exceed 1501. CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts, including such Summons as may issue for the Attendance of any Witness, save in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages -

COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts -.COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Affidavit filed, read or used, in any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Citation, Monition or Warrant issued out of any of the said Courts -COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions or InTCtyXpy*

filed io any of the Ud CourU

A*-

Duty.

. jr. d.

0 2 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

IO 0 0

0 4 0

1 i 2 6

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 0 3

0 ji 0 Ji

1

0* , ft.

COPY  continued,

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Interlocutory Decree or Order of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, made in any of the said Courts -

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Rule or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise -DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, save those having the Force of a definitive Sentence, made in any of the said Courts DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, having the Force or Effect of a definitive Sentence DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same -EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited m any of the said Courts

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts, save as aforesaid

RECOGNIZANCE  See Bail Bond. RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued out of any of the said Courts RULE or ORDER made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise -

SENTENCE Definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts, save as aforesaid SENTENCE Interlocutory -

WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts, save in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages

. t.

o 5 o 1

0 10

1 o o 4

o 15

o 4

o 4

0 7

1 o

0 I

1 o o 10

o 7

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

o

o

6

II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in Ireland.

1 AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts -

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEARANCE, on the Entry of, in any of the said Courts, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Prerogative Court, or any Archiepiscopal Court APPEAL from any Diocesan Court CAPIAS, Writs of  See Writ. Ill,

020

040

040

040

10 o o $ o o

CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts, except in any Sait for Tithes* and not herein otherwise charged -

COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts, not hereby particularly charged COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Inventory filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Citation, Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons or Requisition, issued out of any of the said Courts -

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any other Process of what Nature or Kind soever, that shall issue out of any of the said Courts -

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories or Depositions, filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree of any of the said Courts -

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Rule or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in ope* Court or otherwise -DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, not having the Force and Effect of a definitive Decree, Order ot Sentence -

DECREE, Sentence or Order Interlocutory, having the Force and Effect of a definitive Decree or Sentence -DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts -

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same -DISMISS -

EXCEPTION to Allegation, Libel, Answer, Deposition, Report or other Pleacting, upon each and every Skin containing such Exception or Exceptions EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein -INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited ia any of the said Courts -

INVENTORY filed or exhibited hi any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Court* MANDATE issuing out of the said Courts MONITION issuing oat of any of the said Courts, save as aforesaid -

ORDER ok Fiat for OnkcmftdftOte'Mnf Petition PETITION ou the Entry of each a

PROCESS of Chntenpt for

A* s. I 076 076

020

050

050

050

o 1 0

050

o I 0

o 10 0

0 10 6 6 iO 0 050

o 7 6

o 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

Al; A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

c. 78. 3*5

I

SCHEDULE, PART II.

P ROCESS  continued.

PROCESS of whatsoever other Nature or Kind soever that shall issue out of said Courts REQUISITION -

RULE or ORDER made or given on any Petition or Motion, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court or otherwise -

SENTENCE Interlocutory -

SENTENCE Definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts -

SUMMONS -

o

o

o

o

o

o

Duty.

j.

5

7

1

10

10

5

d>

o

6

o

o

o

o

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of Dublin, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage exceeds Forty Shillings; for the Entry of every Action 01 Plaint, except where the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not exceed Forty Shillings -

AFFIDAVIT, Affirmation or Deposition, not hereby otherwise charged or expressly exempted, taken before any Person or Persons authorized by Law to take the same -

AFFIDAVIT made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Coroner or Sheriff ANSWER in any Court of Equity ANSWER filed by or on behalf of an Attorney or Solicitor, who mail sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own proper Person, on the first Skin over and above all other Stamp Duties APPEARANCE (on the Entry of any) in any of the said Courts to any Action or Suit in any Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage exceeds Forty Shillings, by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond by any Sheriff or other Officer -

BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law BAIL Special, to be filed in any Court of Law BAIL BOND taken by any Sheriff or other Officer BANKRUPTS Certificate; the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal BILL filed in any Court of Equity ( -

55 Geo. III. Cc

010

0 2 0

050

040

026

040

040

010

010

040

 4

h

vo O

386 C. 78. 5j* GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty.

BILL  continued. BILL filed in any Court of Equity on behalf of an Attorney, on the first Skin over and above all other . s. I

Stamp Duties CERTIFICATE by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of any Default of any Person, in any Suit or Proceeding before 026

them -.CERTIFICATE of the Number of Stamps appearing on the Face of any Pleading in the Court of Chancery, 0 0

or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer CHARGE or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity -COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out 0 1 0 0 10

of any Court of Law or Equity COMMISSION of Bankrupt COMMISSION of Lunacy COMMISSION out of any Court of Law or Equity, for 1 5 0 0 10 0 1 0 0

the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions -COMMISSION of any other Kind, out of any Court 0 0 0

of Law or Equity, except Commissions of the Peace -COPY attested of any Charge or Discharge filed in any 0 0 0

Court of Equity.-COPY attested of any Account or Report filed in any Cause in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or 0 1 0

Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer COPY of any Account or Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic - -, -COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of any Affidavit therein filed, which Copy shall be read or used in any Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed and demanded, shall not 0 3 0 026

exceed the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings COPY attested of any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application against a Sheriff or 0 0 3

Coroner - - - 0 0 6

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing from any Public Office, of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or other Pleacting, or of any Interrogatories or Depositions, by Commission or otherwise, in any Court of Equity COPY of any Declaration in Ejectment, or other Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer 0. or 4

or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law -COPY of any Record to be furnished to any of the 0 0 .4*

Judges, for hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of ffl -  V.r-'M:

COPY  continued.

COPY, attested or otherwise, of any Rule or Order, made or given on any Petition or Motion in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed Forty Shillings, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively, by way of Fiat for an Order -

COPY of any Summons, whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barriller, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary way by Civil Bill, save and except Seneschals or Stewards of a Manor holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall not exceed Forty Shillings -

COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any Public Office, of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the Court of Chancery -COPY, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any Public Office, of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer -

COPY or Extract, attested or otherwise, issuing out of any of the Public Offices, of any Record, Report or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, not otherwise charged in this Schedule -

COPY of any Writ, Mandate or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the same be the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts -

CUSTODIAM under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on Outlawry, in any Civil Action DECLARATION in any Court of Law DECLARATION in any Court of Law, on Behalf of an Attorney, on the tirft Skin, over and above all other Stamp Duties -

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery, written. on Paper and signed by the proper Officer -

DECREE or Dismission made in or by the Court of Exchequer, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer -

DECREE which shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall issue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, "of any Recorder, Chairman, CC2

. /. d.

o

o

0 12 O46 046

o

o

006

050

040

026

046

046

SCHEDULE, PART II.

DECREE  continued.

Assistant Barrister, Town Clerk or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, or other Judge whatsoever, in Causes heard by Civil Bill, except Decrees by any Seneschal or Steward of a Manor, where the Debt or Damages do not exceed Forty Shillings; Where the Sum decreed shall be under Five Pounds And where the Sum decreed shall amount to Five Pounds and not amount to Ten Pounds -

And where the Sum decreed shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards DECREE  Renewal of a Decree or Difmiss, by whomsoever made, on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, save as aforesaid -

DEMURRER in any Court of Law DEMURRER in any Court of Equity DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrossed)

DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and not by Commission [except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrossed) -

DEPOSITION^ to answer to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law -

DISMISS made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize DISMISS made or pronounced by any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor in any Proceeding by Civil Bill, save as aforesaid -

EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, for each Exception, whether alone or joined with any others or other

EXCEPTIONS filed in the Matter of any Bankrupt or Lunatic -

EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule) GRANT of the Custody of the Person or Estate of any Lunatic.  See Commission of Lunacy. INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for each Part or Indenture -

INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner or Eliftftjft

. s.

o 2

o 4

o 7

o 1 o 4 o 4

0 4

o 4

o 4 0 4

o 1

O 5 o 5

o 15

0 to

SCHEDULE, PART II.

JUDGMENT, Interlocutory, in any Court of Law in Ireland -

JUDGMENT (not Interlocutory), on the Entry thereof in any of the superior Courts at Dublin

For any Sum under iool.

For iool. or upwards, and not exceeding 200I. And for every iool. after the Sum of 200I. a further Duty of -

Where the Sum in such Judgment shall exceed 200I. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fraaional Part of iool. for such fra&ional Part LETTERS of Guardianship under the Great Seal of Ireland -

ORDER or Rule made or given on any Petition or Motion in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth exceed Forty Shillings, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order -

Except such as shall be made on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor. PETITION, on the Entry of, in any Suit or Matter in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity PLEA in any Court of Law

PLEA in any Court of Law on Behalf of any Attorney, on the first Skin, over and above all other Stamp Duties -

PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not other wise charged in this Schedule PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, filed by or on Behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor, on the first Skin, over and above all other Duties POSTEA -

PROCESS, commonly called Process of Contempt, on each PROCESS of Contempt, on the Entry of each and every, for not appearing or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, for each Defendant RECORD of Nisi Prius

RECOGNIZANCE on an Appeal from any Decree or Difmiss, by whomsoever made or pronounced in any Proceeding by Civil Bill - - r

REJOINDER in any Court of Law REJOINDER in any Court of Equity REPLICATION in any Court ot Law REPLICATION in any Court of Equity C c 3

Duty.

. s.

o 5

 5 o 10

d.

o

o

o

006

too

3 6 4 o

2 6

4 o

026 o 10 o OIO

o 10

o 4

0 4

o

o

6

o

o

0

o

I

n

REPORT made by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy RULE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts of Lay? or Equity which shall be issued or delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, to the Party obtaining it

And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules or other Officer for that Purpose, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves -RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts of Law, not issued as above mentioned, but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, for that Purpose; for the Entry of every such Rule SUBPCENA  See Writ.

SUMMONS, or Process, whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear, or answer the Plaintiff's Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summaiw way by- Civil Bill

Save and except Seneschals and Stewards of a Manor holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage shall exceed 40s.

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of any of the superior Courts of Law -

For the Duty on the Copy of the same.  See Copy of any Summons.

SUMMONS issued by any Judge of a Court of Equity

Except such as shall be issued on the application of any P rtf oner or Insolvent Debtor. WARRANT or Summons, issued by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Prothonotaries of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, or by the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Registers of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Officer or Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or in any other Court in Ireland, for the Purpose of proceeding to settle any Decree or Proceeding on any Order c* Reference, or taxing Costs, or any other 1* so* which Summonses or Warrants are ufitaSj bysuch, Otthsi*respectiy ely,. 1

d.

1 0

0 2

2 0

ss* Geo. m.

A.D. 1815.

C. 78. 391

WARRANT  continued.

of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer m Dublin -

WARRANT of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, and any Order obtained to vacate the same WRIT of Appeal

WRIT of Covenant for levying a Fine WRIT of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery WRIT of Error or Certiorari, on any Appeal in any Civil Case (except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepiscopal Court, or from any Dismiss or Decree on any Civil Billy or from any Manor Court) -

WRIT of Supersedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt WRIT of Habere Facias Seifinam or PoJfeJJtonem, or Writ of Restitution or Possession WRIT, Mandate, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Process what foe ver, not other wise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin, whether the same be the Superior Courts of Law or Equity or any of the Eccleilastical Courts -

o

o

o

s

2

5

o

o

o

o

2

IO

4

d.

6

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties.

All Proceedings for or on the behalf of any Perf on legally admitted to sue or defend in forma Pauperis.

y SCHEDULEPART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal Estates upon Inteftacy.

PART THE THIRD. Duty.

PROBATE of a Will or Letters of Administration to be  / d

granted in Ireland, and any Letter of Administration, except Administrationsp<*n</ete litet of whatever Number of Skins or Pieces of Parchment or Vellum,

or Sheets or Pieces of Paper the same may consist; Where the Estate and Effects for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration respectively shall be granted (exclusive

of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of Cc 4

PROBATE  continued.

or entitled to as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially)shall he

of the Value of 30I. and under the Value of iool. of the Value of iool. and under the Value of 200I. of the Value of 200I. and under the Value of 300I. of the Value of 300I. and under the Value of 400I. of the Value of 400!-. and under the Value of 500I. of the Value of 500I. and under the Value of 600I. of the Value of 600I. and under the Value of 700I. of the Value of 700I. and under the Value of 800I. of the Value of 800I. and under the Value of 900I. of the Value of 900I. and under the Value of

1.0001.

of the Value of i, ooool. and under the Value of 1, 500!.

of the Value of 1,500l. and under the Value of 2, ooool.

of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3,500l.

of the Value of 3,500l. and under the Value of 5,000l.

of the Value of 5, ooool. and under the Value of 7, 5001.

of the Value of 7,500l. and under the Value of 10,000l.

of the Value of 10,000l. and under the Value of 12,500l.

of the Value of 12,500l. and under the Value of 15,000l.

of the Value of 15,000l. and under the Value of 17,500l.

of the Value of 17,500l. and under the Value of

20.0001.

of the Value of 20, ooool. and under the Value of 2c, ooool.

of the Value of 25,000l. and under the Value of

30.0001. -

of the Value of 30,000l. and trader the Value of 35*ooool.

of the Value of 35,000l. and under the Value of

40.0001.

of the Value of 40,000l. and under the Value of 4j, ooool.

of the Value of 45,000l. and trader the Value of ?b, ooooL

. /. I

0 10 0

1 10 0

200 300 400 500 600 700

800 900 15 o 0

20 0 0

35 0 0

60 0 0

75

0 0

90 0 0

no 0 0

135 0 0

160 0 ^0

185 0 0 210 0 0

260 0 0

310

0 0

0 0

360 4100 0

o/(

SCHEDULE, PAiRT III.

PROBATE  continued.

of the Value of 70,000l. and under the Value of

80.0001.

of the Value of 8o, ooool. and under the Value of

90.0001.

of the Value of 90,000l. and under the Value of

100.0001.

of the Value of ioo, ooool. and under the Value of 125,000l.

of the Value of 125,000l. and under the Value.

of 150,000l.

of the Value of 150,000l. and under the Value of 175,000l.

of the Value of 175,000l. and under the Value of 2oo, ooool. of the Value of 200, ooool. and under the Value of 250,000l. of the Value of 250,000l. and under the Value of 300,000l.

of the Value of 3C>o, ocol. and under the Value of 350,000l. of the Value of 350,000l. and under the Value of 400*0061.

of the Value of 400,000l. and under the Value of 500,000l. of the Value of 500,000l. or upwards LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, pendente Ike -Exemptions.

Letters of Administration, or Probate of the Will of the Goods, Chattels and EjfeQs of any Non Commissioned Officer, Common Seaman,

Marine or Soldier, who shall be Jlain or die

in the Service of Nit Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Letters of Adijlrmination, de bonis non.

Probates that shall be taken out by any Executor coming after another Executor shall have obtained Probate of the same.

RECEIPT or Difctarge for any Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary fostrument, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged; -

Also for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or, intestate, or for the dear Residue, or for any

SCHEDULE, PART III.

RECEIPT  continued.

Part or Proportion of the clear Residue, devised to any Person or Persons, of any Monies arising, or that may arise, by the Sale of any Real Estate, directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument (after deducing all Debts, Funeral Expences. Legacies, and other Charges first made payable thereout), if any

For every iool. of the Value of any such Le- gacy, or Residue, or Part or Proportion of Residue, paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, and for any fractional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or pro-grelfive Sums of iool. the Sums following, viz.

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a l)uty of -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the De> ceased -Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased -

And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any more remote Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Public Institution (except Charitable Institutions); -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, Oti 14$

Duty.

. /. A.

1 5

2 

2 10 0

A.D. 1815. 55CEO. III. C. 78. 395

SCHEDULE, PART III. Duty.

RECEIPT  continued. Exemptions. Legacies, and Residues, or Shares of Residue, of any such Estate or EJfefts as aforesaid, given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceasedy or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family. Legacies given for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or to be applied in support of any Public Charitable Infiitu-tion in Ireland. Legacies confifiing of Books, Prints, PiQures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural Hifiory, or other specific Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trufi for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purpose of Sale. . s. d.

SCHEDULE;  PART THE FOURTH.

Containing the Duties on NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS, ARTICLES not stamped on VELLUM, PARCHMENT or PAPER.

PART THE FOURTH.

Duty.

VII. NEWSPAPERS, ALMANACKS and PUBLICATIONS. (A)

Any Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences Any Hand Bill containing a single Advertisement, not otherwise charged, except Hand Bills respecting Charities, Robberies, Mureters, Loss of Property, and Sales under Distress, Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any time less than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer time than a Year, or for several Years Any Dublin Directory

Any Army Lift (except such Lifts respectively as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieu-

. 1.

o o

o o

o o

o 7

o o

d.

2

0\

9

6

6

(/&) as to Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks and Newspapers in Ireland, pofi. c. 80.

A.D. 18i$.

SCHEDULE, PART IV. Duty.

NEWSPAPERS, &c.  continued. . x. I

tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being) NO O O

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or published Daily, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other time or times, as an Account or Abstract of Account of such Goods for 1

each Day's Account, or Abstract of Days' Account

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 78.

Exemptions  continued.

x. d.

of the Schools in Ireland; or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion and Piety; or any Weekly Bills of Mortality; or any Daily Accounts, or Bills of Goods imported or exported, so as such Daily Accounts or Bills do contain no other Matter than Accounts of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and the Particulars relating to

be printed and published by such Person and Persons as shall he authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

For any ASSURANCE or INSURANCE, viz.

For any Assurance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may be lawfully made, against Loss in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent.

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari or Many from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to iool. or any less Sum -

And so progressively for every tool, so insured -And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sum of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part

For any other Voyage, where the Sum insured shall amount to iool. or any less Sum -

And so progressively for every iool. so insured -And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of 1 ool. for such fractional Part

And where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty

0 14

o 1 3

o 1 3

026

o x

o % 6

SCHEDULE, PART IV. Duty.

ASSURANCE, &c.  continued. Shillings per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty, in all cases, equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties respectively. Any Assurance or Insurance for or upon any Sum of 100I. or any lesser Sum that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandizes or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly - - - And for every tool, of such Insurance, after the first Hundred, a like Sum of -And where the Sum insured shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. a Duty in Proportion for such fractional Part. And so in Proportion for any shorter Period than a Year, in all the said cases of Insurance from Loss by Fire. For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted or Playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended in Ireland For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland - - - . s. d. 026 026 020 0 15 0

SCHEDULE 5  PART THE FIFTH.

ALLOWANCES.

To any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Stamp Office in Dublin to be stamped, or who shall buy any Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the said Stamp Office, the Duties whereof, respectively, 'shall amount to Twenty Pbundi or upwards\Afave and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be stamped with ai "

any Duty of Ten Pounds or upwards, or with anj

Number of Stamps amounting in the whole to Ten Pounds, on one Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper), an Allowance, after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings, for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought or stamped.

To Stationers and Shopkeepers who shall purchase "Stamps for Receipts to the Amount, at one and the same time, of Five Pounffii in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually and bona fide felling the same for the Price of the Stamp Duty only, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pouaids of the Amount oCjffie Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and fc-m Proportions ifoNtt ipteoter or less Sum not under the j^itto Jftve F beings oper and above thes(

A.D. 1815.

S$ GEO. III.'

39*

c. 79.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors,

Proctors and Corporate Officers in Ireland,

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations

Should be made for the better and more effectual Collection

and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, and

in respect of Attornies, Solicitors, Proctors and Corporate Officers

in Ireland$* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excel- Ante, c. 78. lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alfem-

hled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the on Arfmission Commencement of this Act, every Person who shall apply to be fcAt^vec*jj sworn or admitted an Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor, pr<JdUCe Certifi-Clerk or other Officer, in any Court in Ireland, in respect of whose Cate of Payment Admission any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall, previous to being of Duty to Ad-so sworn and admitted, produce and deliver to the proper Officer to, n"u, n5 officer whom he shall apply to be so admitted a Certificate signed under the Hand or Hands of some Person appointed for that Purpose by the Books/one of Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, Hating that such Per- which transson has paid such Duty as shall be then by Law payable on or in mitted quarterly respect of such Admission, and Hating the Amount of such Duty, to ^ta'Tki'office which Certificate shall remain in the CuHody of such Officer, to be ^th prmlw* used and disposed of as herein after mentioned; and that every such Duty, and re-Officer shall keep Two Books, in each of which the Names of all turned to Of-Persons who after the Commencement of this Act shall be admitted ficer. by him as aforesaid, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid by every such Person, according to such Certificate, shall be fairly written in due and regular Order; and such Officer shall Four times in every Year, on the Second Monday in January, the Second Monday iu jpril, the Second Monday in July and the Second Monday in October, deliver or cause to be delivered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, if the Court in which such Person shall be so admitted shall fit or be holden in the County, or County of the City of Dublin, to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps; and if such Court shall lit or be holden in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose District such Court shall fit or be holden, at the Office of such Distributor one of the said Books with the Names of all Persons so admitted, and the Sums paid by them as aforesaid so written therein, together with all the said Certificates so delivered by the several Persons, if any, who shall have been so admitted in the Quarter of a Year ending on the Quarter Day preceding the Delivery of such Book; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transrait to the Stamp Office in Dublin every such Book, together with the Certificates so delivered to him therewith, and every such Book which shall be so delivered at or transmitted.to the said Stamp Office in Dublin, shall be forthwith examined by an Officer appointed for that Purpose, and shall be compared with the Certificates accompanying the same, and if they shall be found

to

4<x>

C. 79-

5j" GEG. EH.

A.IX1&I5,

Like Certificate of Payment of Duty on Articles of Clerk -ship.

No Person admitted whole Name dues not appear in Books.

Books of Ad-mitrion truly kept

Psmlty.

to agree, then such Officer shall certify at the Foot of the Names then entered in such Book the Number of Admissions appearing therein for the lad Quarter, and that the proper Stamp Duty has been paid thereon, and thereupon such Book shall be damped with one or more Stamp or Stamps denoting the Payment of such Duty, and shall be returned without any unnecessary Delay to the proper Officer of such Court.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be bound an Apprentice to any Attorney, Proctor or Notary Public in Ireland, shall in like manner obtain, from some Person appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps, a written Certificate of his having paid the Duty which shall he by Lw payable on such Indentures of Apprenticeship at the time of executing the same; which Certificate shall be lodged with the proper Officer of the Court in which such Indentures shall be enrolled, or of the Court, or One of the Courts, to which the Master of such Apprentice shall belong, or in the case of Notaries, with the Rejgif-trar of the Court of Prerogative; and the Officer or Officers of such Court is and are hereby required to take Charge of and keep such Certificate, so that the same may and shall be produced and read a open Court before any such Person shall be admitted to be an Attorney, Proctor or Notary, and shall be produced to a Master of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, before any such Person shall be admitted and sworn a Solicitor in the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person, in respect of whose Admission any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall be capable of practising or acting as an Advocate, ProAor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in Ireland) under or by virtue of any Admission made after the Commencement of this Act, nor shall such Admission be valid or effectual, unless his Name shall appear so written in the said Books required by this Act to be kept as aforesaid, or in such of them as shall from time to time he in the Possession of the proper Officer of the Court, and shall be duly stamped as aforesaid; and that no such Officer of any Conit shall deliver the same Book in Two successive Quarters, but that One of the said Books shall be delivered as aforesaid in January and in July, and the other of the said Books in April and in October, so is that such of the said Books as shall from time to time reman in the Hands of the proper Officer of the Court shall appear to have been inspected and stamped at the Stamp Office in its Turn.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Books shall be kept so as to agree as nearly as possible with each other, and that whenever any such Book shall be returned from the Stamp OftcMl aforesaid to the proper Officer of the Court, he shall fultlMl cause to be fairly and regularly entered therein the Na Persons admitted in such Court while such Book wti'i Possession, so as to correfpoid in that nefped with the dtl said Books which remained in his Possession; and if aan^fh of any Court shall neglect or omit so to differ*

- 'such Book a aforesaid, ^"

' thereto, autfetnftef?

U i3

any false Entry therein, or shall, without the Order of the Court, erase or alter any Entry therein, or shall knowingly permit or suffer Defacing, &c. any of the said Matters to be done, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be for ever after Penalty, incapable of holding any Office under His Majesty in anywise connected with the Administration of Justice.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney shall practise

in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Attorney in any of foCourts^vhew His Majesty's Courts of Law, or iir any Court of Record whatsoever fWOrn, See. in Irelandf in which Attornies are admitted, except only in such Court or Courts in which he shall actually have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, on pain of the Person so practising being rendered incapable of being sworn or practising as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so practise in any Court in which he shall have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the Costs of any Proceedings carried on by him in any Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, Annual Certifi-sworn, enrolled and registered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a Proc- Sate Pra^tl-for, Agent or Procurator in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, CS.' 0Tme* or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland t or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, shall annually before he shall commence, carry on or defend any Action, Suit or Proceeding whatsoever, in any of the said Courts, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commimoners of Stamp Duties, or to some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing containing the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person, and Hating whether he has been so admitted Three Years or not, and thereupon and upon Payment of the Duties which shall then be by Law imposed on him as such Solicitor, Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, according to the time he has been admitted as stated in such Paper or Note in Writing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly damped, to denote the Payment of the said Duty by him, deferring him in such Certificate according to the Description contained in the said Note so given in by him, which Certificate the said Commissioners', or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate Certificates issued to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator when to bear under the Directions of this Act, shall bear Date on the Day on Date and when which the same shall be issued, and shall commence and be of force to cea^c*

on and from the Day of issuing the same, or on and from the First Day of January next following, according as the Person obtaining the same shall desire, and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the First Day of January next after the Day on which the same shall so commence and be of force.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Annual Certificate Entry of Certi-. so to be obtained as aforesaid shall be produced in every Court in which ficates on Rolls the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn or of each Court registered, to some Officer or Officers of the said Court, to be ap- whireJ5oliC, to*

55 GEO. III. Dd pointed

Pee.

Attorniei practising wiihous Certificate.

Delivering false, &c. Residence, &c.

Penalry.

Attorney answerable for Acts done in hi.' Name unless fee aside.

pointed for that Purpose by the Judges of the said Courts respectively> before such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid, and every such Officer so to be appointed shall and he is hereby required from time to time upon the Production of such Annual Certificate duly stamped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter in its Order alphabet], cally the Name of the Person described in such Annual Certificate, together with the Place of such his Residence and the time he hat been admitted as aforesaid, and the Date of such Annual Certificate in a Book or Roll to be prepared for that Purpose, to all which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at all reasonable times have free Access, without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons fueout any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceeding as an Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having obtained such annual Certificate which shall be then in force, and caused the Matters therein flated to be entered in such Court, in such manner as hereinbefore is directed; or shall deliver in to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpose of issuing, granting or registering such Annual Certificate, any false or fictitious Place of Residence, or any false or fidtttious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor, Agent or Procurator, or of the time when he shall have been so admitted; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Disbursement, on account of prosecuting, carrying on or defending any such Action, Suidjpgf Proceeding.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Attorney, Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent or Procurator, in whose Name, either singly or together with that of any other Person or Persons, any Writ or Pro. cess shall be sued out, or any Adscion, Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced* prosecuted, carried on or defended in any of the said Courts, mill on any Trial or Hearing whatsoever, whether for or relating to any Penalty under this Act, or for or relating to any other Purpose whatever, be deemed and taken to have so sued out such Writ or Process, or to have so commenced, prosecuted, carried ofi or defended such Action, Suit or Proceeding; unlessprevioo*to such Trial or Hearing such Writ, Process or Proceeding fhafthife Been set aside by the Court on Examination into the FaSs tilt 0*tb, and not by Consent, as having been so sued out, commenced, fecuted, carried on or defended without the Directions, IffSttor Permission of the Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor, curator in whose Name such Writ or Proctifs shall be such Adtiouj Suit or Proceeding shall hdve^been

55 GEO. III.

c. 79.

403

in the Name of any Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, either singly or together with any other Person or Persons, unless such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall have previously obtained such annual Certificate as aforesaid, which shall be then in force, and shall have Caused the Matters therein stated to be entered in such Court; and if any such Officer shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty to prove that any such Officer was himself personally concerned in any of the Matters aforesaid, but it shall be sufficient that such Offence was committed in his Office or Department.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Appearance for any Appearances Defendant or Defendants in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall entered and cer-be entered in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court, in and Certi-Book to be there kept for that Purpose, and that any Appearance of*d|Jlth in any other Office, or in other manner, shall be null and void to, r ca ing* all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Registrar, as

also the proper Officer in whose Office any such Appearance shall be entered in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, or in any of the Courts of Common Law or Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, shall for every such Appearance receive the Sum of Five pence, and no more, and shall thereupon give a Certificate of such Appearance, which Certificate shall be annexed to, and filed together with the First Answer, Plea, Demurrer or other Pleacting, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall be thereafter put in, in such Cause, by or on behalf of the Party so appearing; and if any such Answer,

Plea, Demurrer or other Pleading shall be filed without having such Certificate annexed thereto, then any Officer receiving or filing the same, and also the Solicitor in whose Name the same shall be filed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Ten Pounds each. Penalty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That a Memorandum of every Entering Me_ Petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland shall, before delivering morandum of the same to the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor or to the Person Petition in then acting as such Secretary, or on his behalf, be entered in the Chancery. Office of the Registrar of the said Court in a Book to be by him

kept for that Purpose, for which Entry such Registrar shall receive a Fee of One Shilling and no more, and such Registrar shall there- Fee. upon certify at the Foot of such Petition that the same is so entered, and if such Secretary or Person acting as or on behalf of such Secretary, shall receive any such Petition without such Certificate at the Foot thereof, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and any Order made on such Penalty. Petition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Six Clerk in the Anomie* &c. Court of Chancery, or any Attorney or Solicitor or any Proctor

in any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court in Ireland, or any other by them.* Person whatsoever, shall charge to or receive from the Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugnant in any Suit, or to or from any other Person whatsoever, on any Occasion, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually made use of or issued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record*

Ustrument or Proceeding, for which such Charge shall be made,

D d z

44

C-79-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18rj.

[Penalty.]

Charging without specifying Stamp Evidence of having omitted to use it.

Charge by Skin lor Equity Pleadings, according to Number of Stamps, and Coils taxed in Chancery accordingly.

Officer taxing Bills of Coils neglecting, &c. to apply for Certificate, &c.

[Penalty.]

Deputy Maftaff of Roliinlfleft

or such Amount shall be received, duly stamped with the Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of so using, issuing or filing the same, such Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Procfor or other Person shall charge to or receive from any Plaintiff or Defendant, Promovant or Impugnant or other Person, any Sum as and for the Cod, Expence or Charge of or for any Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, and shall not at the same time charge, demand or receive as Part of such Sum a separate and distinct Sum expressly as and for the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, such Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor shall thereupon, and without further Evidence, be deemed and taken to have made use of, issued or filed such Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleacting, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, without the same having been duly stamped, and shall be liable to all and every Penalty and Penalties provided in such case, and no Evidence to the contrary thereof shall be received.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Bill of Coils shall be taxed in any of His Majesty's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland in which there shall be any Charge or Charges for drawing, or for engrossing on Parchment any Bills, Answers, or other Equity Pleadings in the said Courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, or filed in either of the said Courts, or for drawing or engrossing any Deed or Deeds, the Officer who shall tax such Bill of Cods shall tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing such Bills, Answers and other Pleadings, or such Deeds respectively, so as not to exceed the usual Charge by the Skin according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps afluaUj^appearing on such Pleadings or Deed respectively; and such Officer, if the Bill of Cods to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill of Cods that the Number and Amount of Stamps appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the Deputy Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or his Deputy; and if such Bill of Costs be in a Cause in the Court of Exchequer, or if any Deed shall be charged for therein, the Officer who shall tax the same, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill that he hath inspected the Engrossment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Cods, or the Original Deed so charged for; and in case such Officer respectively who shall lax such Bill of Cods as aforesaid shall neglect or refute to aj>phr tc the Clerk of the Rolls for such Certificate as aforesaid^ or tomlped the Engrossment of the Pleadings, or of the Deeds or mentioned in such Bill of Costs, or shall neglect or j^fiff^jto[futb Charges for drawing or engrossing such Bills,

Pleadings or Deeds in manner hereinbefore directofcSw.fid*Officer lo neglecting or refilling respectively a$

& every fuen Neglect or Refusal the

deputy Mfcfter or Keeper.*'*

: by OUUS^T

for that Purpose, such Deputy Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit in like manner the Sum of Ten Pounds; which said several Forfeitures, together with the Coils of recovering the same, shall as to the Pleadings and Proceedings in the said Courts be enforced in a summary way, upon Motion by Order of the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively against any Officer who shall be guilty of any such Neglect or Refusal, and shall enure to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and as to Deeds shall be recovered as other Penalties under this Act.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Charge to be made for engrossing any Bill, Answer or other Pleading in Equity* or Deed, the whole Contents of which shall not amount to the Number of Two thousand one hundred and sixty Words.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of every Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever in Ireland, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deemed more than One Sheet, according to the manner in which the Officers of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed charge by the Sheet for such Affidavit; and if any Officer of any Court shall charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he would be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, he shall, for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, with Treble Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where more than One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper shall be stamped or marked with the Duties which shall then be by Law charged on the Paper on which such Copy of an Affidavit shall be written, each Side or Page so marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of every Act in force from time to time, for the Imposing, Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That eveiw Record, or Transcript of a Record, to be brought in to the present Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland, shall, when copied for the Judges or others, be copied in like manner as in the former Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings and other Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity, and Ecclesiastical Courte, Courts of Admiralty, and all other Courts in Ireland, and all Office Copies thereof respectively, which shall from time to time be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they usually have been accustomed to be written, save as is or may be otherwise provided by Law.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy of any Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Deposition or Depositions, i* the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of

Dd 3 Exchequer,

Penalty. Forfeitures how enforced.

Whit Bills, he. Act not to extend to.

Charges on Copies- of Affidavits.

Penalty-

Affidavits stamped on each Side.

Transciipts of Records m Exchequer Chamber.

Records, 8cc. written in usual way.

Attested Copies of Depositions, See. in Equity.

40 6

c

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

In what case attested Copies doubly stamped.

In what case Depositions net read.

[Penalty.]

Penalty. Number of Sheets marked on attested Copies of Pleadings.

[Penalty.]

None but attend Copie? of Records, Sec. given by Officers, Sc c.

Exchequer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts n. spectively, and every such Examiner shall state and appoint in Writ, ing, at the Foot of every such attested Copy, whether the same is to be read by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or on the Part of any Defendant, in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositions shall have been taken; and it shall not be lawful for any such Complainant or Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on behalf of any Defendant in such Suit; nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which shall be so appointed to be read on behalf of the Complainant, unless the same respectively shall be doubly stamped; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Deposition shall be entered as read on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant respectively, until the Officer entering the same shall have inspected the Copy from which the same was so read, and have seen that the same was either doubly stamped, or duly appointed as aforesaid, to be read for the Party so desiring to enter the same; and if any such Officer shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Six Clerk in the Court of Chancery, or any Attorney in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall read on behalf of any Plaintiff any Copy so appointed to be read on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants, the same not being doubly stamped as aforesaid, or shall read on behalf of any Defendant any Copy appointed to be read on the Part of the Plaintiff, the fijme not being doubly stamped as aforesaid, any such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland shall make out, attest or deliver any attested Copy of any Pleading or proceeding of any nature or kind whatever in such Court, such Officer shall in the Book in which Entry shall be made of any such Pleading or Pro. ceeding mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall consist, and shall in like manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein, and if such Officer shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall, for every such Neglect or Omission, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Officer of any Court of Lit. or Equity in Ireland, shall give or deliver, or cause 0^ mrHUt jftbt given or delivered, to any Person or Persons whomsoevet* gppy or Extract of any Pleacting, Proceeding, Record. or E^c filed or remaining in such Court, or in any Office thereunto ? ing, unlefis such Copy or Extract shall be duly attested* j such Officer shall attest any such Copy, unless the Vi' ment or Paper on which the same shall be^wfcfttafe f stamped in such manner as shall be 1 attested (

1 A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 79. 407

5 be then by Law required for such Copy or Extract when duly at*

1 tested; and if any such Officer shall give, or deliver, or attest, or shall

1 knowingly cause or permit to be given, or delivered, or attested, or

written, any such Copy or Extract, contrary to the Directions of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Penalty.

Pouods.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it Stamps for shall happen that any Person shall require that any Copy of any Re- CoP, es retlulJ cord, Document, Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which to re*aue\ shall have been made and attested by the proper Officer of any Court, shall be again attested by the proper Officer, and in respect of which attested Copy any Stamp Duty shall be payable, greater in Amount than was paid or payable at the time of such First Attestation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer so again to attest such Copy, if the same shall have thereon, and on the several and respective Sheets thereof, due and lawful Stamps to the Amount of the Duties payable thereon at the time of such Request, although any such Copy may have been before attested by the proper Officer for the time being, and though such Stamps, or any of them, shall have been on such Copy at the time of such former Attestation, and may have been the Stamps or Stamp in respect whereof such former Attestation was made, and every Copy so attested, on Stamps to the proper Amount respectively, shall be deemed to be duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes; and if any Copy of any such Record, Document, Proceeding, Matter or Thing, having any Stamps thereon, shall be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin to be farther stamped, then and in every such case, if such Copy shall appear to have been previously attested, and to have had any Stamp or Stamps thereon, at the time of such previous Attestation, such other and further Stamps shall be impressed thereon as shall be required by the Person so bringing the same, such Person first paying the Amount of such Stamps; and in such case the Officer to whom the same shall be produced at the said Stamp Office shall draw a Line acrofa such former Attestation, and shall write the Initials of Kis Name, and the Date of the Month and Year, under the same, and thereupon such Copy shall never after be read or used by virtue of such Attestation, nor until such Copy shall be again attested by the proper Officer at some time subsequent to the same being so damped 5 and if such Copy so to be brought to such Stamp Office shall not appear to have been previously attested, then such Stamp or Stamps at shall be required by the Person bringing the same shall be impressed thereon, he or she first paying the Amount thereof; and if any such Officer as aforesaid shall imp refs any Stamp on any such Copy so formerly attested, and shall not in manner sfforesaid draw a Line acroft such Attestation, and write his Initials under the same as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Clerk Signing Writ* belonging or that shall hereafter belong to the Court of King's for Arrest. Bench, Court of Common Pleas, or Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, who shall sign any Writ or Process before Judgment to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof let down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of signing the same, which shall be entered upon the Remembrance ft jl, r in the Book wherein the Abstract of such Writ or D d 4 Pracefe

40*

[Penalty.]

C. 79. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18if.

Durv on Entry paid to Officer marking same.

Duplicate kept of Judgment Books.

Fee.

Stamping Books of Courts.

Process shall be entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, when any Person whatsoever shall desire to have any Judgment marked or any other Entry whatsoever made in or upon any Record, Book or Roll of any Court of Justice in Ireland, in respect of which Entry any Stamp Duty shall be payable, and shall not produce a Certificate of having paid such Stamp Duty where such Certificate is required by Law, such Person shall, over and above the Fee, if any, payable for such Entry of such Judgment or other Matter, pay to the Officer whom he shall so require to make such Entry, the Amount of such Duty, and such Officer shall afterwards pay over such Duty in manner herein after mentioned; and if any such Officer shall make or suffer to be made any such Entry without Production of such Certificate when required, or without having received the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon where such Officer is to receive such Stamp Duty, such Officer shall be responsible for such Duty, and be bound to pay over the same in manner hereafter provided, in the same manner, in all respects, as if he had actually received such Duty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer who shall have the Custody of any Book wherein Judgment shall be entered in Ireland, shall keep and have a Duplicate of every such Book wherein all such Entries of Judgments shall be truly copied, and shall in Consideration thereof be entitled to have and receive from the Person entering any such Judgment, a Fee of Six pence over and above all other Fees, if any chargeable thereon.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of every Court of Justice, which shall be held or shall fit in the County or County of the City of Dublin, having the legal Custody of the several Records, Rolls or Books belonging to such Court respectively, or of any of them, wherein any such Entry whatever stall be made relating to the Rules or other Proceedings, Process or Judgments of such Courts, shall, within Ten Days after the First Day of each and every Term, produce and bring every Duplicate Book of the Entry of Judgments required to be kept as hereinbefore mentioned, and every original Record, Roll or Book of any of the said other Entries, to some Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin; and every such Officer so bringing any such Record, Roll or Book, shall infart therein, immediately after the last Entry therein, at the tixtte of producing the same, a Certificate duly signed by him, statiogifie Number of such Entries made thereon or therein in the Term and Yac*

1

tion immediately preceding, as are subject by Law to any Stu)| Duty or Duties, and every such Officer shall thereupon, pay the fill Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then ' able for or in respect of all such Entries therein' ttr eyenr; such Record, Roll or Book shall thereupon ! spe&fvely with some Stamp or S '*'^1

jferbgle qLthe Stamp Duties 1

1

to A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 79. 409

'*and shall be placed in the same Page or Place on which the Certificate of such Officer shall be written as aforesaid; and if any Officer neglect-Officer of the said Courts shall neglect or omit to bring any such n8 &c* Record, Roll, Book, or to furniffi such Certificate therein, or pay an such Duties as aforesaid, or shall make any false Entry or Copy, or if omit to make any true Entry or Copy, in any such Duplicate Book 31 of Judgments, then and in every such case every such Officer shall, ii for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and in Penalty, k such case whenever such Record, Roll or Book shall be produced at t the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, ri the proper Officer at the said Stamp Office shall himself make the ii said Certificate, and on Payment of the Duties thereby appearing to j be due, the said Record, Roll or Book shall be duly stamped as r aforesaid.

j XXX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer Stamp Duty of any Court shall mark any Judgment not interlocutory, whether placed on Entry i for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or for the Defendant or Defendants, of Jud6mentt* or any of them, the Amount of the Sum,if any, to be recovered thereby, whether in respect of Debt, Damages or Costs, shall be stated in the said Entry thereof, so far as the same shall be then ascertained, in order that the Stamp Duty payable in respect thereof may be then, calculated and paid, and be afterwards accounted for and paid over by such Officer as aforesaid; and if on any such Judgment, whether for Plaintiff or Defendant, Costs shall be recoverable, and the Amount of such Costs shall not be then ascertained, then a Blank shall be left for the Amount of such Costs, whether Single, Double or Treble; and as soon ns the said Costs shall be ascertained and before any Record shall be made up or Execution issued on such Judgment, such Blank shall be filled up with the Amount of such Costs, and the Person requiring such Entry, if Costs only shall be recovered in such Judgment, shall pay the Stamp Duty in respect of such Amount; and if Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damages also be made recoverable therein, then such Person shall pay the Difference between the Stamp Duty, if any, theretofore paid as aforesaid, in respect of such Debt and Damages, or Debt or Damages, and the Duty payable in respect of the whole Amount adjudged; and if by any means such Stamp Duty shall not have been theretofore paid, then the Person requiring such Entry shall pay to such Officer the whole Stamp Duty payable in respect of the entire Sum adjudged, and such Officer shall in any of the said cases fill up the said Duplicate Book, and account for and pay over the Sums u> received by him in manner aforesaid; and if any such Judgment shall have been so marked or entered on or previous to the last Day of the Term immediately preceding the filling up of such Blank, then such Officer when he shall be so required to fill up such Blank, and before he shall fill up the same, shall enter a Memorandum thereof in his Book, in the same Place as if such Memorandum were a Judgment entered on that Day, and such Memorandum shall state the Amount of such Costs, and shall refer to the Judgment so previously marked and then about to be filled up, so that the same may immediately be found by such Reference, and a Reference to such Memorandum shall also be made in the Margin of such Judgment; and when such Officer shall afterwards Certify, in the Duplicate of such Book, the Amount of the Stamp Duties for the Term and Vacation

next

4io

Officer not noting in Entry Amount of Judgment.

[Penalty.]

Str.mps on Precedes to enforce Appearances.

c. 79.

ss' Geo. in.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Process of Attachment in Chancery, Sic.

Provifn.

next preceding as aforesaid, he shall inclnde therein the Duty so payable on the filling up of such Blank as aforesaid j and if any Officer shall mark or enter any such Judgment without Hating therein the Amount of the Sum recoverable thereby, so far as the same shall be then ascertained, or shall issue or suffer to be issued any Execution on any such Judgment, or shall suffer any Record thereof to be made up before full Entry shall have been made, of the Sum to be recovered by such Judgment as aforesaid, or shall omit to make such Memorandum as aforesaid, every such Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Process which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearances of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, or to enforce the Answer or Answers of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be engrossed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with the Duty which shall be then payable upon such Process; and in case the Officer or Officers who shall enter or cause such Process to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such Process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit to His Majesty, his Hein and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, which Sum shall be enforced in a summary way upon Motion by Order of the Court in which such Process shall be entered, together with the Costs of so recovering the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Writ of Attachment, Alias Pluries, Proclamation, Commission of Rebellion, Serjeant at Arms, or Sequestration, which shall issue in or from the Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall be entered in the Office of the Regiftnr of the said Court, and that such Registrar and also the proper Officer for entering such Writs in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland shall receive a Fee of Six pence and no more, for every such Writ which shall be so entered by him, and shall certify such Entry on the Back of such Writ, and that every such Writ Hull be so entered and issued before the Return Day thereof, and not afterwards; and that none of the said Writs, after the said Writ of Attachment, shall be so entered or issued, unless all the preceding Writs in the Order aforesaid shall previously have been actually and duly entered and issued as aforesaid; and that no Order, Decree or Proceeding shall be made or taken in or by either of the said Courts grounded on any such Writ or Process, nor shall such Court tab any Notice of the Exigence of any such Writ, until ftuib Writ and the Certificate of the Entry thereof, shall have been ttodbs^ lod read to such Court: Provided always, that it shall and flfty be lawful to and for the said Officers respectively, to ]-

Writ or Writs at any time after the Return or P respectively, so a6 the same shall be done under an < made for that Purposo by the Court either on Chafi on the particular cnrcumffances of the ca&^atfd that ( shall be liable to a Duty equal to- \

II A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

c. 79.

4u

the proper Officer for issuing such Writ, and thereupon such Writ

3 shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty; and if any of the aforesaid

3 Writs shall be issued without having been so entered, the same shall be void to all Intents and Purposes, and each and every Person concerned in so issuing the same, and any Person who shall make any Charge for the same, in any Bill of Cods or otherwise, and also the Officer from whose Office the same shall be so issued, shall forfeit and J! pay a Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling. Penalty.

8 XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer Officers, kc. of any Court of Law or Equity or of any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty forged Court in Ireland, shallcertify, subscribe, engross or write any attested ^ight 5 Copy, or any other Matter whatsoever in any wise relating to the office, or of

Bulinef8 of such Court in respeffc of which any Stamp Duty shall be some Distributor

papble, and whenever any Six Clerk in Chancery, or any Attorney, or Person duly Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, Procurator, Notary Public or Scrivener, Kceofed.

shall cause any Pleacting, Order or Proceeding whatsoever, in respedh whereof any Stamp Duties shall be payable, to be filed in any such Court, or shall by himself, his Clerks, Agents or Servants prepare or cause to be prepared or written or engrossed, any Deed, Instrument or Writing in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable; and in case it shall happen that the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which such attested Copy or other Matter, Pleacting,

Order or Proceeding, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be written, or engrossed, shall be stamped or marked with a falle, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, every such Officer, Six Clerk, Attorney,

Solicitor, Agent, Procurator, Proctor, Notary Public or Scrivener respectively, shall, for every such false, forged or counterfeited Stamp or Mark, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds British Penalty. Currency, unless he shall prove that the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so stamped or marked was bought with the Stamps or Marks thereon at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or of some Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or of some Person licensed to fell Stamps.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Deed Stamps exa-or other Instrument which shall be subject to any Stamp Duty before whatsoever shall be delivered for Registry to the Registrar or De- Enrotirfem puty Registrar for registering Deeds in Ireland, or shall be delivered for Enrollment to any Officer of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, or to any Clerk of the Peace or other Person entrusted to enroll Deeds in Ireland, such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person shall, before the same shall be so registered or enrolled respectively, examine carefully such Deed and the Stamp thereon, for which Examination the Person actually making the same, whether Principal or Deputy, shall receive for his own proper Use from the Person so delivering such Deed or Instrument, a Sum or Fee of Six pence and no more, over Fee. and above all other lawful Fees, and if such Deed shall not be damped with a proper and legal Stamp, to denote the Payment of the Duty which shall appear to be payable thereon, such Registrar or such Person shall not suffer such Deed to be registered or enrolled respectively, until the same shall be duly damped; and if any such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Officer, Clerk of the Peace or other Person, shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and pay the Sam of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

79-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Officer not to receive Memorial without Deed, &c. re-ferred^to.

[Penalty.]

Certificate of Judgment being stamped.

[Penalty.]

Stamping AITienments of Bail Bond after Execution thereof.

Frovilb.

On Sale of Property, Purchase or ConGderation Money fully and truly set forth in Conveyance,

Ice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Memorial shall be received for Registry by any such Registrar, or Deputy Registrar, in Ireland, unless he shall receive at the same time the Deed or other Instrument required to be registered thereby; and if any such Re-

S'strar or Deputy Registrar shall receive such Memorial without such eed or other Instrument, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no attested Copy of any Final Judgment which shall have been entered in Ireland before the Commencement of this Act, and which shall have required a Stamp, shall be given or received in Evidence, unless the Officer attesting the same shall certify, not only that the same is a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been duly stamped as aforesaid respectively; and if any Officer shall certify the same falsely, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person or Persons shall be arrested by virtue of any Writ or Process of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, at the Suit of any common Person, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person against whom such Writ or Process shall issue, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Request and Cost of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall duly assign to the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail by Endorsement according to Law; and also when and so often as it shall become necessary for any Sheriff or other Officer in Ireland, having Authority to grant Replevins, td assign any Bail Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin to the Avowant or Defendant in such Action, then and in every of the said cases such Alignment may be made without any Stamp: Provided nevertheless, that no Action shall be brought under any Assignment until the same shall have been first duly stamped with such Stamp as shall be then by Law required for such Assignment, and the said several Assignments shall, on Application at the Stamp Office in Dublin, at any time before any Action be brought thereupon, be duly stamped, in such manner as shall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty which shall be then payable thereon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in all cases of the Sale of any Lauds, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or PerftM or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim, in, to, out of or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property whfift a Duty is or shall be from time to time imposed on the Convey&ce thereof, in Proportion to the Amount of the Purchase or Cttm&F* ation Money therein or thereupon expressed, the ConGderation Money, which shall be directly or indf U secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, j, fbah_be^ and set forth in Words at length in or t*

Died; or Instrument, whereby the I

413

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 79.

Right, not before in Existence, the same, shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond,

Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract or other Security, the full Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be directly or indirectly paid or secured or agreed to be paid for the same, shall be truly expressed and set forth in Words at length, in or upon the Bond or other Instrument or Instruments by which the same shall be secured; and if in any of the said cases the full Purchase or Con- Purchasers, &c. sideration Money shall not be truly expressed and set forth in manner making Default, hereby directed, the Purchaser or Purchasers, Seller or Sellers shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged and charge- penalty. able with, and be holden liable to the Payment of Five times the Amount of the Excels of Duty, which would have been payable for such Deed, Bond or other Instrument as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchase or Consideration Money, in case the same had been truly expressed and set forth in or upon such Deed, Bond or Instrument, beyond the Amount of the Duty actually paid for the same, which Quintuple Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His to The Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Party or Parties K, ngf respectively hereby made liable to pay the same, and may be recovered by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer against such Party or Parties, or any one or more of them, in like manner as any unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament made or to be made in that behalf.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Porties l.able t any or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of form; ng against such Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information others indem-to the Commissioners of Stamps whereby such Penalty or Quintuple nified and re-Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party warded, or Parties liable thereto, the Party or Parties giving the Information shall not only be indemnified and discharged of and from such his, her or their Liability, but shall also be rewarded by the Commissioners of Stamps out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty so recovered to such Extent as the said Commissioners shall think proper, but not exceeding One Half of what shall be so recovered; and where any other Person shall give Information whereby such Penalty or Quintuple Duty shall be recovered, he or she shall be rewarded in the like manner.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where the full Purchase or Where Confi-Consideration Money shall not be truly expressed or set forth in the deratln!ot manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchaser or Pur- purchase/may chafers, or any of them, or his, her or their Executors or Adminif- recover hack so trators, to recover back from the Seller or Seliers, his, her or their much of Con-Executors or Administrators, so much and such Part of such Pur- deration chase or Consideration Money as shall not be expressed and set forth

as aforesaid, or the whole thereof, if no Part of the same shall be so expressed and set forth, either in an Action for Money had and received for the Use of the Party or Parties suing for the same, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, together with Double the Costs of Suit; but such Purchase or Conveyance shall not therefore be affected or impeached for any Want or Inadequacy of Consideration, but the same shall be of the same

C-79-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Attoruics, &c. ii'jt infer ting full and true Considerntion in Conveyance, kc.

[Penalty.]

But not to at-ta.h unless Duty IMid lei's than Duty payable on full Con-nderuiion.

In case of Duplicates of Mortgages, &c. on Sale, One Part only charged with ad valorem Duty.

In cases of Deeds effecting Conveyance of Vtoptrty fold, and Doubts

same Force, Validity and Effect, as if the Sum so recovered bad bee expressed in the Deed or other Conveyance as the Consideration 0 Part of the Consideration thereof, and had been duly paid and retainei accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, Solicito or other Person, who shall be employed in or about the preparing 0 any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument in or upon which the ful Purchase or Consideration Money is hereby required to be truly expressed and set forth as aforesaid, or who shall be employed for an] of the Parties thereto, in any wise about or relating to the Transac tion therein mentioned, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or fd forth, or cause to be inserted or set forth, in or upon any fuel Deed, Bond or other Instrument, any other than the full and true Purchase or Consideration Money directly or indirectly paid ot secured, or agreed to be paid for the same, or shall in any wise aid or assist in the doing thereof respectively, every such Attorney, Solicitor or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and every Attorney and Solicitor so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also be from thenceforth disabled to practise as an Attorney or Solicitor; and any other Person being entitled, entrusted or instructed to prepare any such Deed or other Instrument in virtue of any Public Office or Employment, and being guilty of such Offence, in the Execution of his Office or Employment, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also forfeit and lose his Office or Employment, and be from thenceforth incapable of holding the same.

XL.II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Party, Attorney, Solicitor or other Person whomsoever, shall be liable to any Penalty, Disability or Forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of the full Purchase or Consideration Money not being truly expressed and set forth in or upon any such Deed, Bond or other Instrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties actually paid for the same, shall be less than would have been payable for the lame, in case the full Purchase or Consideration Money had been truly expressed and set forth according to the Directions of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That wrhere there shall be Duplicates or Triplicates, or more than One Part made of any Instrument which shall be then by Law charged with any ad valorem "'Duty, one of such Duplicates, Triplicates or Parts shall be charged wdth the said act valorem, Duty, and the other or others of them wall be exempted therefrom, but shall nevertheless be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general, and the said Commissioners of Stamps upon all the Parts of the said Instrumenti being produced to them, duly stamped as hereby required, shall cause the Duplicates, Triplicates, or all other Parts, except tfyr'.oa pinch the ad valorem Duty shall be stamped, to be also stamped^jdroome particular Stamp, for denoting or testifying the PaympC^.the fv&A aj valorem Duty, and thereupon,

4*5

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 79.

Duty, in respect of such Sale, it shall be lawful for the Parties con- arising" which is cerned to determine for themselves which shall be the Principal Deed Principal Deed, or Instrument, and upon all the said Deeds or Instruments being pro- ioren, DutyVa" duced, and appearing to be duly stamped, it shall be lawful for the p3rtICS to de. said Commissioners of Stamps to cause those which shall not be stamped termine. with the ad valorem Duty to be also stamped with some particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment thereof, and thereupon, but not otherwise, such Deeds which shall not be stamped with the ad valorem Duty shall and may be received as Evidence in any Court of Justice.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit made for the Affidavits for Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, grounding Pre-for raising Money for Repair of Ro^ds, or for any other Public Pur- b

pose, shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand ' p Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered by him to or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be written on Paper stamped with the Stamp which shall be then by Law required for the same, nor shall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money presented by any Grand Jury, be laid before any Grand Jury by the Secretary, or be read in Court, or authorize the Court to discharge any Query, unless it shall be written on Paper duly stamped.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Collation, Present- Presentation* ation or Donation, to or of any Benefice, or Spiritual or Ecclesiasti- &c\l be, n cal Promotion in Ireland, shall be good, valid or effectual, unless the Writing on same shall be in Writing under Hand and Seal, and shall be duly i^wich Re-stamped, if a (lamp shall be necessary thereon; and that every such giiUrof Diocese. Writing, as also all and every Presentation or Donation under the Great Seal of Ireland shall be deposited with the Registrar of the Diocese, who shall forthwith cause the same to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese, and shall give to the Person so depositing the lame a Certificate that the same has been so deposited, and such Certificate shall further (late either that such Instrument is duly stamped or that the same is not by Law subject to any Stamp, and shall also (late the Date of such Instrument, and the Day of the Month and Year when such Instrument was so deposited or filed; and no Person Induction with* shall be induced into any Benefice or Promotion in Ireland, who shall out Certificate, not, previous to and at the time and Place of such Induction, produce such Certificate to the Person or Persons authorized to make such Induction; and if any Indmftion shall be made contrary to this Provision, the same shall be wholly void and of no Effetft, and every Person making the same shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Penalty.' Sterling.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Registrar pees on Cer-shall, for so receiving and filing such Instrument, and granting such tificate, fcc. Certificate thereof, be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more, and a Fee of One Shilling and Six pence for any new Certificate of the same Matter that may be afterwards required; and if any such Registrar shall refuse, neglect or omit to Refuting, &c. to receive and file such Instrument, or to grant any such new Certificate Instrument, on reasonable Demand thereof, or shall certify therein any thing &c* which shall not be true (of the Truth whereof the Proof shall lie on him 1, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hun- Penalty, dred Pounds Sterling.

4i 6

C. 79* 55" ^0. III. A.D. 1815.

Certificate to be Part of Title.

f Sh.

Admissions into

Corporations

Stamped.

[Penalty.]

Debt to The King.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the Commencement of this Act, shall receive any Benefice, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion in Ireland, shall be bound to produce and prove, and shall produce and prove such Certificate as aforesaid, as Part of his Title to such Benefice or Promotion, upon any Trial or Hearing of any Action, Suit or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Tithe or Glebe, or other Purpose whatever, before any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Court, or any summary Jurisdiction what foe ver, wherein it shall be neceflaryfor him to produce or prove such his Title; and that without the Production and Proof of such Certificate, such Court or Jurisdiction shall deem such Title to be imperfect and not duly proved, f shall decide accordingly, notwithstanding any Consent or Admission of the Parties, or of any of them.

XLIX. And Whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties imposed ' on the Admission of Fellows into the College of Physicians or Sur-

geons, and of Freemen and others into other Corporations, Guilds

or Companies in Ireland has been and may be evaded Be it

therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said College of Physicians or Surgeons, and ftfr every Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company \n Ireland, which shall admit any Person or Persons into any such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, by themselves, or by some Person or Persons employed by such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are hereby required, previously to the Admission of any such Person into such College, Corporation or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person so admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admission of such Person into such College, Corporation, Guild or Company, and the proper Officer of such College, or Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute or Memorandum of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, in some Book, Roll or Record of such College, Corporation or Company, within One Month after such Person shall be so admitted into such Corporation or Company; and if such Officer shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such College, Corporation, Guild or Company shall be answerable for all such Duties, without any Proof of the same having been so received, or whether the same respectively shall have been so received or not, and the same shall be a Debt to His Majesty, and recoverable with Costs, by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer, as any other unpaid Stamp Duty may be recovered under any Act of Parliament now made or hereafter to be made../

inspection of L. And be it further enacted, That any and every ( Corporate Books College of Physicians or Surgeons, or of any - by stamp or Fraternity in Ireland, who mall from time to time hfty cers' tody any Book, File, Record, Remembrance, ..Ddcke^

of or belonging to such College, Corp th# Sight or knowledge whereof may. t^il-r's Stamp Duties whickY

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 79, 80, 4*7

seasonable times permit any Person thereunto authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps, to try, search, insped and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets and Proceedings as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, and to take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward, and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect so to do upon Demand made by such Person so authorized as aforesaid, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Penalty. Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Commencement Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to provfde for the Collection and Management of

Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks and Newspapers in

Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations should be made for the better and more effectual Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets.

4 Almanacks and Newspapers in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted ^ntec- 7* by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice Sch' Part, V' and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, One One CoPX of printed Copy of every Pamphlet which shall be printed or published 1P5m^hle'c within the City of Dublin shall, within the Space of Six Days after office.*1 the printing thereof, be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, and the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and any Stamp Duty which shall be then by Law payable in respect thereof, shall be registered or entered in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose, which Duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper Officer or Officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shall thereupon give a Receipt for the same on such printed Copy; and that One printed Copy of every such Pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any Place in Ireland, not being within the City of Dublin, shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the printing thereof, be brought to some Distributor of Stamps, or Person employed by the Commissioneri of Stamps in Ireland, or any of them, to execute the Office of Distributor for the time being, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty which shall be then payable in respect thervof as aforesaid, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose 5 which Duty shall be thereupon paid to such Distributor, who shall give a Receipt for the same on such printed Copy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Pamphlet shall utJ not. f*l<i be printed or published as aforesaid, and the Duty which shall be n* then by Law payable in fefpt& thereof as aforesaid shall not be duly paid as aforesaid, within the respective times aforesaid, then the Printer or Publiflier, and all and every other Person or Persons f5 Geo III. E e concerned

[Penalty.]

Proof of Payment of Duty on Printer.

Selling un-stamped Almanacks, See.

C. 8o.

5? GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Definition of Almanacks.

How stamped.

Hawking, Sec. Hand Bills, &c. undamped.

[Penalty.]

Imprisoiuntat.

print-

concerned in and about the printing or publishing of such Pamphlet, shall for every such Offence.forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and nil and every Author, Printer and Publiffeer of such Pamphlet, shall forfeit and lose all Copyright therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That on all Trials whatever of Actions, Informations, Complaints or Suits, for Recovery of the aforesaid Penalty for Nonpayment of the aforesaid Duty, within the respective times aforesaid, the Proof of the Payment of the said Duty.shall lie upon the Printer or Publisher of such Pamphlet.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter or expose to Sale, any Almanack or Calendar, or Dublin Directory, or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper deemed or construed to be, or serving the Purpose of an Almanack, Dublin Diredory or Daily Account of Goods imported and exported, not being marked or stamped with the Proper Stamp, if any Stamp Duty shall be then by Law payable thereon, every such Person shall, for every such Almanack, Calendar, Duilia Diredory, Book, Pamphlet, or Paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to Sale, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; which Penalty shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall without Fraud or Covin first sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Books and Pamphlets, serving chiefly for the Purpose of an Almanack or a Diredorr, by whatever Name or Names entitled or described, are and shall be considered as Almanacks and Dire (Stories, and not as Pamphlets or other printed Papers within the Meaning of this Act, or of any Act or Acts from time to time in force for the Imposing, Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly provided; and where any Almanack shall contain more than One Sheet or Piece of Paper, it shall be sufficient to stamp one of the Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanack shall be printed,

VI. And, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Dutiei

on Hand Bills* Almanacks, Pamphlets and Newspapers in Ireland be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall at any time 01 times after the Commencement of this Act, hawk, carry about, dif perse, dispose of or distribute any Hand Bill, Almanack, Pamphlet 01 Newspaper, not stamped or marked with the Stamp Duty whicl shall be then by Law required, every such Person being thereof dul; convicted before any Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit thrSom0 Five Shillings to the Person who shall prosecute for the fame>togetbe with all and every such unstamped Hand Bill, Almanack, Pamphle or Newspaper, which shall and may be seized and delivortd oit to One of His Majesty's Justicee of the Peace, and.ralte&ult immediate Payment of the Sum of Five Shillings, )foehfOffend shall and may be committed by such Justice to any42atjgjfc within his Jurisdiction for One WqL or until flw

pay such Penalty; and it shall and nbydielawfol fiMp t ieize, apprehend and carry before Justice at

lb

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 80.

4*9

Bill being then subject to a Stamp Duty, and shall be duly convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, such Printer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who shall prosecute for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Hand Bill or other printed Paper which shall contain more than One Advertisement shall be deemed and taken to be a Newspaper, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in Ireland, any Pamphlet or Newspaper without the true Name and Surname or Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode of some known Person or Persons by or for whom the same shall have been or shall be really and truly printed or published being written or printed thereon, upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that on all Trials of Actions, Informations, Complaints or Suits for Recovery of such Penalty, the Proof that the true Name and Surname, or true Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode of some known Person or Persons by or for whom such Pamphlet or Newspaper shall have been really and truly printed or published, was or were written or printed thereon, shall lie on the Defendant in such Action, Information, Complaint or Suit.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatic, Infant, Feme Covert, or Person beyond the Seas, or for any Number of such Persons, shall before he shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published such Newspaper, and as often afterwards as the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, shall by Notice in Writing or otherwise require the same, within Ten Days after being so required, give in to the said Commissioners at their Office in Dublin, or to the proper Officers in whose Districts such Newspaper shall be printed, at their respective Offices where stamped Paper shall be distributed, such Affidavit and of such Import as Printers, Publishers or Proprietors of Newspapers are or shall be by any Law or Laws directed to make, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall remain with such Commissioners of Stamps or Officers, to be produced in manner herein after mentioned, as often as Occasion may require 5 and every Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person or Persons, who shall print or pubhfli or cause to be printed or publiftied any News-

paper before he shall have given in to the Commissioners of Stamps such Affidavit as aforesaid, or when required thereto as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to give in such Affidavit within the time and at the Places aforesaid, mall, for every such Offence, Neglect or Omission, pay a Penalty of Forty Pounds, and shall be disabled from receiving any Stamps for printing such Newspapers upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he, she or they never had been qualified to print or publifti any Newspaper, until he, she or they shall make and deliver in such Affidavit as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or for such Officer or Officers by them appointed for the Distribution of damped Paper as sfajrsaid, ..to tak^such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid, which

 e 2 Affidavit

[Penalty.]

Definition of Hand Bills.

Printer's Name on Newspapers and Pamphlets.

[Penalty.]

Onus probandi.

Affidavits of Proprietors of Newspaper?.

[Penalty.]

Before whom such Affidavit made.

4*

Perjury.

Affidavit Evidence against Printer.

C. 6.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Copies of Newspapers lodged in Stamp Oftce, to be Evidence against Proprietors*

Affidavit or Affidavits shall be so made and taken without Fee or Reward; and if any such Affidavit shall contain a Falsehood, every Person swearing fuen Affidavit may be indicted for wilful and corrupt Perjury therein, and shall, upon due Conviction of such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilitie6, as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury, are or shall then be by Law liable and subject to, in Ireland*

XII. And be it further enacted, That such and every such Affidavit shall be produced as Occasion may require, at or before the Trial of all such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations or Indictments, as shall be had or commenced, filed or found, touching such Newspapers, or any Publication therein contained, and such Affidavit or Affidavits shall on every such Trial be received and admitted against all and every the Person and Persons who shall have so signed and sworn the same as conclusive Evidence of all such Matters therein, as shall be by Law required to be therein contained, and also of the Continuance of all such Matters in the same Plight and Condition to the time in question, on such Trial, unlefa it shall be proved that previous to such time such Person or Persons became lunatic, or served a Notice in Writing at the Office where such Affidavit shall have been sworn, of any of the said Matters therein being changed, or unless it shall appear that previous to such time a new Affidavit of the same or a fimiliar nature respectively, was or were made concerning the same Newspaper in which the Person or Persons fought to be affected on such Trials did not join; and whensoever any such Affidavit shall be produced in Evidence on any such Trial, it shall be sufficient to prove that the Name of the Person or Persons then fought to be charged therewith, is of his, her or their Hand Writing, and it shall not betiecessary to produce the Person who administered such Oath, or to prove the swearing of such Affidavit in any other manner.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor of a Newspaper printed or published in the Countr or County of the City of Dublin, which is or from time to time shall be liable to any Stamp Duty, shall, on every Day of Publication thereof, or on such Day next following, which shall not be an Holiday, between the Hours of Ten and Three on each Day, cause to be delivered to the Person who shall be duly appointed for that Pwpose in the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, one Copy of the News* paper so printed or published, with the Name of some Printer, Publisher or Proprietor thereof, written thereon, after the lame shall be printed, by his or her own proper Hand Writing in Ik^ber accustomed manner of signing the same; and every F and Proprietor of a Newspaper printed or published in Place in Ireland, shall on each Day of the Publf*Newspaper, or on such Day next following, which Holiday, in like manner between the Hours of T* the Clock cause to be delivered to the Disfcbutor

District such Ne wfpaper shall be, print

such New^aperjfo printed

or

C. 8o.

421

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

thereof, or the Person or Persons so delivering the same, shall be paid the usual and current Prices of such Copies; which said several Copies so delivered as aforesaid shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Evidence against the several Proprietors, Piibli(hers and Printers of such Newspapers respectively, in all Complaints, Suits,

Actions, Indidmenta, Informations, Prosecutions and Proceedings, to be commenced and carried on as well touching such Newspapers respectively, as every Matter and Thing therein contained, and touching any other Newspaper, and any or every Matter or Thing therein contained, which shall be of the same Title, Purport or Effect, with such Impression or Copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the same should vary in some Instances or Particulars either as to Title, Purport or Effect; and the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors of the Copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall to all Intent* and Purposes be deemed Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively, of all Newspapers which shall be of the same Title, Purport or Effect, with such Copies or Impressions so delivered as aforesaid, notwithstanding such Variance as aforesaid, unless such Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively shall prove that such Newspapers respectively were not printed or published by them respectively, or by or with their Knowledge, Privity or Direction; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher, of such Newspaper or Newspapers, who shall neglect or omit to deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies or Copy signed as aforesaid as hereinbefore directed, shall, for every such Omission, pay a Penalty of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Newspaper so delivered Copy varient shall be deemed a sufficient Copy so as to protect any such Printer, not Efficient in Publisher or Proprietor from the said Penalty of One hundred PaV0Uj?fJ>rin* Pounds, unless the Title thereof shall be the same as that for which him.C, Cn such Person shall have been registered at the Stamp Office in Dublin,

as the Printer, Publisher or Proprietor thereof; but if any such Newspaper so delivered shall have a Title sufficient to denote that such Newspaper is the same for which such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor is so registered, of which the Court is in all cases to judge, every such Newspaper so delivered as aforesaid at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Distributor, as the case may be, shall be Evidence in all cases against all and every the Printers, Publiftiers and Proprietors so registered, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Newspapers so delivered bore the same Title as that for which such Person shall have been so registered.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Printer, Commissioners Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, which shall not be printed way allow Prin-and published in the County or County of the City of Dublin, shall t0r'w!th find it more convenient to cause such Copies of such Newspaper to cXibutor.

be delivered to any other Distributor of Stamps than to the Distributor in whose District such Newspaper shall be published, it shall Ebd may be lawful to and for such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor,

Estate such Matter by Petition to the Commissioners of Stamps Dublin, and to pray that he may have Liberty to cause such pies to be delivered to such other Distributor as he shall so name tt the Office of such Distributor, and thereupon it shall and may be i frful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps to order the same fcotdingly, and from and after the Date of such Order, the Place I Pubatatoonof ffcch Newspaper shall for' that Purpose'only be J E e 3 deemed

i

C. 8o.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Days of Publication ascertained.

Affidavits.

'Sic.

deemed and taken to be within the District of such other Distributor, until the same shall be otherwise ordered by the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being.

XVI. And Whereas Doubts may be entertained as to what shall be the Days of Publication of any such Newspaper; Be it enacted, That on whatever Day or Days of the Week any such Newspaper shall have been published in the Week next immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, such Day or Days shall, as against any registered Printer, Proprietor or Publiflier thereof, be deemed the Days of Publication thereof; and every Printer, Publiflier and Proprietor thereof, shall be deemed and taken to have published the same on the said Days in any future Week, until Notice of a Change in that respect shall have been duly served at the Stamp Office in DubKn by some registered Printer, Proprietor or Publiflier thereof, unless it shall be expressly proved that such Newspaper wai not so published on the particular Day or Days in question; and that in all Affidavits which shall hereafter be made or given the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, by any Printer, Proprietor or Pubbfher of a Newspaper, under the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for securing the Liberty of the Press, or for amending any such Act, such Affidavit shall states only the Matters heretofore required by Law to be stated therein, but also on what Day or Days of the Week such Newspaper is intended to be published, and from thenceforth the said Day or Days shall be deemed the Day or Days of Publication of such Newspaper; and every Printer, Proprietor and Publiflier thereof, shall be deemed and taken to have published the same on the said Day or Days in every succeeding Week, until a new Affidavit shall be made according to Law, differing in that respect, or until Notice of a Change in that respect shall have been duly served at the Stamp Office in Dublin by some registered Printer, Proprietor or Publiflier of such Newspaper, or unless it shall be expressly proved that such Newspaper was not published on the particular Day or Days in question.

XVII. And whereas many Printers and Publishers of News-

papers print or strike off a Second Impression thereof, containing

more Advertisements or other Matter than are contained in the

Copy or Copies given in at the Stamp Office in Dublin as aforesaid, or to the Distributor, if in the Country, by which Means ' the Duty payable in respect of such Newspaper may be evaded

Copies of Second*and other Mischiefs and Inconveniences arise; Be it therefore enacted, That every Printer, Publiflier or Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, wno shall vary any of such Publications, or poblish such Second Impression without giving in, in manner aftireftw One Copy of such Second or varied Impression or Publication-lit the Stamp Office in Dublin, or Two Copie* thereof to the Biftdhutw of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, as the case may be, such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Poundtf j "

such Second or varied Impression or Publication (h

be unstamped j and evefy Proprietor, PriiHg and shall be liable to all such Pains, Penaities and T ^Mge^wem uafl

Tide of Piper lodged* t Stamp,

Editions of Newspapers lodged in like manner as first.

Penalty,

C.fro.

4*3

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Thing therein contained, any Newspaper having the same Title as that for which any Defendant in any such Action, Indictment, Information or Suit, shall be registered at the Stamp Office as Printer, '

Proprietor or Publiflier, or having such Title as shall be sufficient to denote that such Newspaper is the same for which such Printer,

Publisher or Proprietor, shall have been so registered, of which the Court is to judge, shall be sufficient Evidence that such Paper was printed and published by such Person or Persons so registered, unless the Defendant in such Action, Indictment or Information or Suit, shall shew the contrary, by satisfactory Evidence; and Onus probandr. that upon all such Trials, the Proof that the Defendant or Defendants therein did give in, or deliver in manner aforesaid, a Copy of such Impression, Signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the Stamp Office as aforesaid, or if in the Country, Two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, shall lie upon such Defendant or Defendants.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Printer, Publiflier or Copy so lodged Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, upon any Trial to be com- ^v, dence a6ami* menced or carried on touching such Newspaper, or any Matter or runer*

Thing therein contained, shall not admit that any Copy of the Paper left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamp* in the Country, was printed or published by him or her, then and in such case any such Copy or Impression which shall have been left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the Country, at the times hereinbefore directed, shall be considered as printed and published by him or her, whether such Newspaper so delivered shall be of the same Title for which such Person shall have been registered at the Stamp Office as Printer, Publiflier or Proprietor, or of a Title sufficient to denote that such Newspaper is the same for which such Printer, Publiflier or Proprietor, shall have been so registered, of which the Court shall judge; and such Newspaper shall be so considered, although the same shall not appear to be duly signed in his or her Hand Writing, and though it shall not appear by whom the same was so left, unless he or she shall prove that he or she left, or cause to be left, at the time by this Act required, a printed Copy, or Two printed Copies, of the Paper published by him or her, with the Officer or Person with whom he or she is by this Act directed to leave the same, with his or her Name written thereon in his or her own Hand Writing, in the manner directed by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer or Publisher Printers out-or Proprietor of any Newspaper in Ireland, shall he, by due Course hav?Sttrorfr of Law, outlawed for any criminal Offence, or receive Judgment'for paprt p printing or ptihHlhing a traitorous or seditious Libel, the said Commissions of Stamps in Ireland, and their Officers, for distributing Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, respectvely, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for the Use of any such Printer,

Publisher or Proprietor, so outlawed, or who shall have so received Judgment for such Libel, any Stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, PubKfber or Proprietor of any Newspaper, which shall he at anytime published

is* Ireland, ffiatthive become a Bankrupt, or- non compos mentis p ot titled to prist Mbe outhwodibr any Crime, or shall receive Judgment for prnrtmfe Newspaper*.

y Ee 4 or

C. 8o.

4*4

55 GEO. ID.

A.D. 1815.

Affidavit made in Trutt for in-eapacited Per-fgns.

No ether Affidavit in Trust received.

Service of Process at Printing Office sufficient.

New Affidavit Made on chao.

MRS: -

or publiftiing any traitorous or seditious Libel, then and in every such case such Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, shall no longer be entitled to print or publish such Newspaper, but shall, as to any such Right, be considered from thenceforth as if he, she or they never had made such Affidavit as aforesaid.

XXII. And Whereas it may happen that an Idiot, a Lunatic, an Infant, or a Feme Covert, or the Creditors or Assignees of a Bankrupt or Insolvent, may become or be entitled to the Profits, or to any Part, Share or Proportion of the Profits of any Newspaper; Be it enacted, That in any such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall think proper so to do, to join in any Affidavit required by this or any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland, in respect of such Newspaper; and that such Affidavit shall in such case (late, ^elides all other Matters by Law required, that the Maker thereof is a Publisher of such Newspaper, in Trust for any such disabled or incapacitated or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or of any Number of such Persons, and shall also date which of the said Causes of Incapacity or Disability affe&i every such Person for whom he is Trustee as aforesaid; and thereupon such Affidavit shall be of the same Force and Effect for the printing and publishing of such Newspaper, as if the Cestuique Trust so named was present, and had sworn an Affidavit in the usual Form; and from thenceforth every such Trustee shall be deemed and taken to be a Publisher of such Newspaper, and responsibleas such in all respect8 and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Provided nevertheless, that no such Affidavit shall be deemed fuf-cient to authorize the Publication of such Newspaper, until such Trustee so swearing the same (ha.ll have performed all and every Requisites and Requisite ordained by any Law then in force to be previousy performed by all the Pub!i(hera thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall in any wise be concerned in the printing or publishing of any Newspaper, or in receiving the Profits, or any Shae or Proportion of the Profits thereof, in Trust for any ether or others, under any Pretence whatsoever, unless such Person shall have previousy made and lodged in the Stamp Office such Affidavit as aforesaid; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Leaving or Service of any legal Process in any Suit, Information or Indictment, JProfc* cution or Proceeding, to be brought, filed, found, inllituted or carried on against any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, of any Newspaper or Pamphlet in Ireland, for the Purpose of recovering any Debt or Penalty under this Act> or any other Act from tune to time in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the CoUedipa or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, or for any Matter or Thing contained in such Newspaper or Pamphlet, or in*anptvife relating thereto, at the Printing Office or PJace where

paper or Pamphlet respectively shall be then ufoally printed "ffied, shall be deemed and considered to-all Intents.j of inch Process. iti^ther?

Ci8o.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

42S

shall have been made by the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors thereof, and deposited in the Stamp Office in Dublin according to Law; and that if it shall be at any time intended to change the Place of printing or publishing any such Newspaper, a new Affidavit shall thereupon be made, stating such new Place of Publication, and dating all other Matters required by Law to be contained in such Affidavit, as if such Newspaper had never before been published.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall Buyunbuy or fell, or shall without lawful Excuse keep in his, her or their Ntw "

Possession in Ireland any undamped Newspaper, shall be subject and papers'

liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every undamped Newspaper so bought or sold, or found in his, her or their Possession; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher, of any undamped Newspaper shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Newspaper so un- Penalty, damped, which he, she or they shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Printers not to Person or Persons who is, are or shall be entitled to obtain from the Supply other* said Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, or their Officers, damped With Sumps* Paper for the printing of any Newspaper of which he, she or they,

is, are or shall be Printer or Printers, or Publisher or Publishers,

Proprietor or Proprietors, shall furniffi or supply any other Person or Persons with any such damped Paper, every, such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Forty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall make use of any damped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper which he, she or they shall receive or be furnished with, by or from any other Person or Persons than the said Commissioners of Stamps, or their Officers or Didributor8, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds. Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Printer who Payment of shall print or publish in Ireland, any Advertisement or Advertisements Duty on Adver-in any Pamphlet, Newspaper or other Literary Performance, shall tilements* within the Space of Thirty Days next after the last Day of each

Month, if such Advertisement or Advertisements shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the Stamp Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law charged in respect thereof to the respective Persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective Deputies or Clerks, and if printed or published in any Part of Ireland, out of the Limits of the City of Dublin, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose Didrift such Pamphlet,

Newspaper or Literary Performance, shall be printed; and the said Commissioners of Stamps and their Officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon Payment of the said Duties in respect of such Advertisements, to give a Receipt or Receipts for the Duty or Duties so paid, and upon Payment thereof in the manner and within the time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, the said Commissioners, or their Officers receiving the same,

shall make to the Person or Persons paying the same out of the Sums so to be paid, such Allowance, if any, as shall be then warranted by Law, and in Default of such Payment within the time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, the Printers, Publishers and Proprietors, of every such Pamphlet, Newspaper or other Literary Performance, and oach and every of them, shall be liable to pay Treble the Amount of Pen*ky.

the

4 26

Printer, See. neglecting to pay Duties, Commissioners prohibited to fell Stamped Paper.

C.Boi

55 GEO. III.

A-IXigty

[Penalty.]

Printer, &c. to enter into Bond for Payment of Duty.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Priming Materials seized for Duty.

the Duties then by Law chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by summary Application to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, in the same manner as any unpaid Stamp Duties; and if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of a Newspaper, shall within the time hereinbefore limited for the Payment of the said Duties in respect of Advertisements neglect to pay the same, the said Commissioners and their Officers for distributing Stamp Paper and Parchment respectively, are hereby prohibited to tell or deliver to or for the Use of such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, any damped Paper for printing any Newspaper upon until such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor so in Arrear shall have paid and discharged all Arrears of Advertisement Duty, to the Payment of which ne was subject, up to and for the last Day of the Month next preceding the Month in which such Payment shall be made; and if any Officer acting under the said Commissioners shall knowingly fell or deliver any Stamped Paper for printing a Newspaper, or Part of a Newspaper upon, contrary to the aforesaid Prohibition, he shall upon Con-vision thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if Judgment shall be entered against any such Officer upon Information for such Offence, every such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamps.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Printer or other Person or Persons shall publish in Ireland any Newspaper, unless he, she or they, together with the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Paper, and together with Two sufficient Sureties, shall previous thereto have entered into Security by Bond in a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, nor less than Two hundred Pounds, to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties which shall or may from time to time be payable on all Advefttfe-rnents which shall be printed therein, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds j and no Officer appointed for distributing Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, shall fell or deliver any Stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper to any Person, unless such Person shall have previously given such Security for the Payment of the said Duties; and if any Officer shall fell or deliver any Stamped Paper for printing a Newspaper on to any Person who shall not have entered into such Security, knowing that such Security was not entered into, he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Poundis; and if Judgment shall be entered against such Officer upon Information for such Offence, every such Person shall forfeit his Office, and ffiaftbefbr ever disabled from holding any Office under the ComnrifiknMirof Stamps.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Materials &nd<$&affib for printing used-in and kept at, or belonging to any ! in Ireland, in which any Newspaper or any Paper fe pose of a Newspaper as aforesaid hath bemtof shall be \ whole Hands soever the same shall havfctcotner or fofeU 4 whatsoever Conveyance or Title/ the fanrtrihnflllfe c

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 8o, 81.

4n

or shall be printed or publi filed in such Newspaper, and as shall be due for Fines or Penalties adjudged against the Printer or Printers,

Publisher or PubKfhers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Newspaper, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts, which shall be then of force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, during such time as such Materials or Utensil8 shall have belonged to or been used in or kept at such Printing House as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful in all cases to levy such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Materials and Utensils in like manner as if the Printer or Printers of such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, were the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Materials and Utensils at the time of levying the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all and Commencement singular the several Provisions and Regulations herein contained and of mentioned, shall commence and be in force from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties in general.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of 5a G. 3. c. 126.

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repad the several Acts for the Colic Si on and Management of the Stamp Duties

in Ireland, and to make more ejffeSual Regulations for collecting and

managing the said Duties; And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to grant 54 G. 3. c. 118.

to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to explain and amend the said recited Act made in the Fifty second Year of 1 His Majesty's Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be repealed, and that Regulations should be ( established for the Collection of all Duties which shall be from ' time to time hereafter under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, so far as the same is practicable; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this jjrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said recited repealed.

Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so Exceptions, far as the said Acts, or either of them, repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained; and save as to any Proceeding commenced or to be commenced in any Court, Civil or Criminal, or otherwise, against any Person or Persons for any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for or in respect of any Offence committed or to be committed against the said Acts, or any of them, or for the levying or collecting any Duty that may be due under the said Acts, or either of them, previous to the Commencement of this Act 5 and save that all Licences and Certificates granted* and all Affidavits of any Printers, Publishers or Proprietors of any Newspaper under the filud Acts respectively, before

the

C. 8i.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1gij

Appointment and 0.ith of Commissioners and Officers.

Oath.

By whom administered.

Proviso for x & i % 0.3. (l) 33.

the Commencement of this Act, shall have Continuance, Force Virtue and Effect according to the Terms and Nature thereof, anc to all the legal Consequences thereof respectively, as if this Act hac not been palied, except where it is herein otherwise provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, or the Lore Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power from time to time and at all tiraei to appoint Commissioners for the {lamping and marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and that the said Commissioners shall be called "The Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland and that the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power under their Hands and Seals to appoint such inferior Officers as they shall from time to time think proper, for the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and for collecting and levying such Duties as shall from time to time he under the Management of the said Commissioners; and that every Commissioner or other Officer so appointed, before he shall proceed to the Execution of his Office under such Appointment, shall take and subscribe the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, during my Continuance in the

Office of, faithfully execute the

Trust committed to me therein, without Fraud or Concealment; and that I will, from time to time, true Account make of all such

Acts as I shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the LordLieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, hath or have appointed, or hereafter shall appoint, to receive such Account; and that I will take no Fee, Rewardor Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons other

than such as shall be paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.*So help me GOD.*

And such Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Irelandt or in their Absence by any of the Justices of any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublint and that they are hereby respectively required and empowered to administer inch Oath; and any of the said Commissioners, or any Justice of the Peace within Ireland, within his proper Jurisdiction, shall gpjj^py administer the like Oath to any of the inferior Officers afi

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, ^That not!

Act contained shall affect or be construed to affef1*'

C. 8f.

429

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all case in which it shall Three Com* not be otherwise directed or provided by any Act or Acts of Parlia- "', fioneM ment, all and every Right, Power and Authority which from time ^uorum* to time shall be vetted in the said Commissioners, shall and may be used and exercised by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the same could be used or exercised by all the said Commissioners for the time being; and that all and every Powers and Authorities vetted in any Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or in any Commissioners for (tamping Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under whatsoever Name or Title by any Act not hereby repealed, shall be vetted in the said Commissioners under this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners and Officers to hrM

inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or ttamping of l"e, i's

Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, j^ein

and now actually holding and exercising such Offices respectively,

shall continue to act in the several Offices to which they have been so appointed, in like manner, with the same Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Restrictions and Limitations as if appointed and sworn under this Act; and that every such Commissioner now appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being 5 and that every such inferior Officer now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, reGgn or be removed therefrom by the said Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court whatsoever. Reputation on any Trial, Proceeding or Occasion whatsoever, and whoever shall Sufficient Evi-be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning the Right

of the said Commissioners or Inferior Officers, or of any of them, U1 me" or of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of executing any Duty whatsoever under any Act impoling any Stamp Duty, or regulating the Collection or Management of any such Duty, to hold, exercise or enjoy their said Offices, or to execute such Duty respectively, then and in every such case it shall be sufficient to prove that such Commissioner or Commissioners or inferior Officer or Officers, ot Person or Persons, were or was at the time in question commonly reputed to be such Commissioners or Commissioner, or Officer or Officers, or was or were so appointed or authorized respectively, without producing any Patent, Appointment or Commission, and without giving any Evidence of having performed the several Requisites prescribed by Law, to enable them to execute the said Offices or Duties respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Salaries of

to and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for SsnmSutiS

the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of /re- p

land, for the time being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to

tune for Salaries and incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and

43

Definition of Stamp Duties.

Officers to observe Directions of His Majesty and Tie.ifury.

Stamp Office in Dublin.

Commissioners may lake Affidavit.

Stamp Distributors to verify Accounts on Oath if required at Sessions.

C. 8 u

55 GEO. III.

for the receiving, collecting and levying or managing of the said Duties; any thing in this or any other AS contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all|Duties which shall from time to time be under the Care or Management of the said Commissioners shall be deemed and denominated Stamp Duties, in whatever way the same shall or may be payable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or other Officers heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such Rules, Methods and Orders in the Execution of their several Offices and Trusts, as they respectively have received, or shall receive from time to time from His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or from the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, for the time being respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall keep their Stamp Office in some convenient Place within the City of Dublin, and that none of the Duties which shall or may be from time to time under their Management, shall be received or collected by or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, or any One or more of them, to administer Oaths and Affirmations, and take Affidavits and Affirmations in all cases where he or they Hull respectively think an Oath or Oaths or an Affirmation or Affirmations necessary to be administered or taken for the Purpose of carrying into effect this Act or any Part thereof, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Management of any of the Stamp Duties now payable or hereafter to be payable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to be a Diilributoror Distributors of Stamps shall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by Affirmation, his, her or their respective Accounts, far* nished by him, her or them, to the said Commissioners; such Affidavit or Affirmation, if made in Dublin, to be sworn or affirmed before One of the said Commissioners, and if in the Country, before a Justice of the Peace of the County in which the said Distribntorvr Distributors respectively shall have his Office, and which Affidtfit or Affirmation such Commissioners and Justices respectivelyara kwbf required and authorized to receive and take as aforesaid* wifti Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more of tlw Notice in Writing, require the same, then before the Just Peace, at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace to -be 1*

County in which such Distributor shall have hit

Affidavit or Affirmation such r efoejb

JusticttwhMeh^MtlM

C. 8I.

43*

A.D. 1815.

S$* GEO. III.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suita, Distributor's commenced or to be commenced against any Distributor of Stamps Accounts Evi-

dence of Receipt of Sums dated therein.

or Person in charge as a Distributor of Stamps, or against the Heirs,

Executors or Administrators of such Distributor or Person in charge, or against both or either of the Sureties of any such Distributor or Person in charge, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, every Acknowledgement in Writing of the Receipt of any Stamps given or sent to such Distributor or Person in charge by or from the Stamp Office in Dublin, signed by such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, or by any Person duly authorized by any such Distributor or Person in charge respectively,

shall be accepted, taken and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Receipt of the several Pieces and Skins of stamped Paper, Parchment and Vellum in such Acknowledgement stated to have been received by or for such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, and of the Value thereof, and of the Stamps thereon respectively; and that all and every Account or Accounts, furaiffied and verified by Oath or Affirmation by such Distributor or Person in charge according to the Directions of this Act, shall be accepted, taken and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence against such Distributor or Person in charge as a Distributor, or against the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Distributor or Person in charge, or against both or either of the Sureties of liich Distributor or Person in charge, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators of the several Debits in any uch Account severally contained; but any such Account, by whomsoever produced, shall not be Evidence of the Credits therein claimed >r stated by such Distributor or Person in charge as Distributor.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Appointment of or any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps, with the Consent of Sub Distributor he said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One of them, to appoint g be fr*e of >y Warrant under Hand and Seal, any Person or Persons to be his, tamp uty*er or their Deputy or Deputies or Sub Distributor or Distributors 'ithin his, her or their District, or any Part or Parts that may be jecified in such Warrant; and every such Distributor or Distribu-irs shall be answerable for the Conduct of every such Deputy or ub Distributor in all Matters relating to the said Office of Distribu->r; and every such Deputy or Sub Distributor shall have full Power > fell Stamps for the said Distributor or Distributors, accordingjto le Terms of such Warrant, in the same manner as the said Distri-itor or Distributors might personally do, but not to exercise any her Part of the Business or Office of such Distributor or Distrib-andno such Warrant for appointing any such Sub Distributor

all be subject to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful and for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, or any One or Dre of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to thorize any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Magistrate any Peace Officer in the Day-time to enter into the House Habitation of any Distributor of Stamps, or of any Deputy Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting for or under such ftributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such ftributor for any particular time; and if on Demand, and Notice

of

Commissioners empowered to grant Warrants to seize Stamps in Hands of Distributors.

43*

C. 8t.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Commissioners msy fine Distri-buiors neglecting Duty.

Officers to keep Accounts.

Time of Payment 01 Stamp Duties by Distributora.

of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then to break open the same respectively, and to seize or take into his, her or their Possession all stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be then found in the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting for or under such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time j and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to enter accordingly into the House or Habitation of any such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or other Person as aforesaid; and if on Demand, and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor or other Person as aforesaid shall dwell, or any inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the same respectively, and to seize and take into his or their Possession all Damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be found in the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting under such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time as aforesaid; and all Magistrates and Peace Officers are hereby required, upon the Request of any Person or Persons acting under such Warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the Execution thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three of them, shall have Power from time to time, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to fine any Distributor or Distri* butors of Stamps for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, or of the Orders of the said Commissioners, or of any One or more of them, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for any one Offence j the Amount of such Fine to be paid by such Distributor or Distributon to the Receiver General, for the Use of His Majesty's Revenue, together with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof} and it shall be lawful for such Receiver General, and he is hereby required to apply the next Money that he shall receive from such Distributor, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to the Payment of such Fine, whatever may be the Purpose for which the same may be sent.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting or receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland\ shall keep separate and dif-tinct Accounts thereof; and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall pay all Monies received by them for or by reason or on accoiitot of any of the said Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Penalties imposed by this Act or by any other Act m any wife relating to that Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in tMRsod} of such Distributors respectively, to the Recover General Duties, on every Day or on such and ib*

as '/hall be appointed for that _ __ aodibe! Distributors of Stamps em]

C. 8i.

433

Holiday, or as speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Distributors respectively shall permit, or as much oftener and at all such times as the said Distributors shall be required by the said Commissioners, or any of them, pay or cause to be paid all Sums received by them in like manner, and then in their Hands respectively, to the said Receiver General of Stamp Duties; and the Receiver Ge-said Receiver General shall, on each and every Day or on such nuri, it0h Day or Days in every Week as shall be directed for the Purpose e xc e(l by the said Commissioners, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hands, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland} and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into the said Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps on each Day after his or her making any such Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the first Opportunity after the said times respectively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof to the said Commissioners of Stamps; and Not, ce of if such Receiver General shall at any time neglect or omit to pay JJ^jver Ge. into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer the Sums so by him nen/neglecting payable as aforesaid, at the time and in the manner aforesaid, or to pay, &c. shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, then and dismissed. for every such Offence he shall be dismissed from his said Employment and shall be incapable to serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-: effors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands after the Rate of Interest.

Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the same to be reco-

ered with Costs of Suit, by Action, Suit or Information, or by any

ther of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His

daiefty, his Heirs and Successors, from Public Accountants or

lebtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributors shall neglect Distributors

r omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as neglecting to

foresaid, the Sums so by him, her or them payable as aforesaid, or pay'&c'

lall detain the Monies by him, her or them so payable as aforesaid,

- any Part thereof, then for the first of such Offences he, she or they First Offence.

all forfeit all and every the Discount, Per Centage or other Fee,

rofit or Reward to which such Person or Persons so offending

ould or might otherwise be entitled, for or by reason of the Sums

detained, or so neglected or omitted to be paid to such Receiver

eneral; and for the Second of such Offences every such Distri- Second Offence.

itor or Distributors shall forfeit the said Discount, Per Centage,

'e, Profit or Reward, and shall be dismissed from his or her said (lice, and shall, from the time of such Dismissal, be incapable of ving His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors in any Civil Capacity latsoever, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money Interest. detained after the Rate of Six Pounds by the Year for every jndred Pounds; the same to be recovered in the same manner with like Costs, as the Interest is recoverable from the said Rover General as aforesaid; and the said Discount, Per Centage, Forfeitures how e, Profit or Reward so forfeited by such Distributor or Distribu- of-

s, shall, in every of the said cases, be paid to such Officer or icers of the Stamps as shall first discover and inform ^he said nmissioners of Stamp Duties of such Neglect, Omission or De-ion, if the said Commissioners of Stamps or the major Part of n shall think proper so to order the same, and if they shall make Order thereupon it shall be carried to the Account of the 55 Gko. III. F f Dutiea

434

Further time allowed to Distributors by Commissioners.

C. 81.

SS GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Account.

No Fees at Treasury for receiving Stamp Duties.

Consolidated

Fund.

Accounts of Stamp Officers audited.

Oath.

Vouchers.

Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any such Distributor, or of his Predecessor or Predecessors for Twelve Months next preceding, shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds ptr Month, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps from time to time as often as they shall see just and necessary Occasion, by Order under their Hands, to enlarge and extend for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to such Distributors respectively, for paying unto such Receiver General the several Suras by them respectively from time to time received as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies that shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland by virtue of this Act, or of any Act or Acts for imposing of Sump Duties in Inland, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Account whatsoever; and that neither the Six pence per Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Treasury, for or on Account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of any Stamp Duties, or of any Payment to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties in manner aforesaid, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all the Money paid into the said Treasury, on the account of such Duties, shall be carried to, and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or who shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting or paying any Stamp Duties, shall exhibit their respective Accounts of such Duties to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland for the time being or the major Part of them, when called on by them, or any One or more of them for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon Oath the said Persons who shall be so employed in rafsing, receiving or collecting the said Duties, as to their said Account!, and as to the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been by thpjnor any of them respectively raised, collected or received within, the time of such their Accounts, and likewise what Pa# thereof, {halt have been by them or any of them paid to the Receiver Generator into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Irelmdi. and jat^what times respectively; and in accounting before the.laid Ccy $nyj$enm of Public Accounts, the said Persons shall produce pro^yVjjiehen for any Sum or Sums of Money by them jeceivedrSnd pid$jjsMw said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the '

authored, and, required

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C.gi. 435

cerned a Fuji and sufficient Warrant and Discharge to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Intent, Meaning and Import thereof respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks and Type,cjJor Stamps, which are already kept or used for denoting and marking on pJoded*Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, v: he several and respective Duties heretofore granted, or any of them,

)r which shall hereafter be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, r on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the several and respective Stamp luties which shall from time to time be payable thereon respectively y Law in Ireland, shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks id Stamps, for the stamping and irapressing of all Vellum, Parch-ent and Paper, on which any of the several Things in respect hereof any Stamp Duty shall from time to time be payable, have en or shall be engrossed or written, and for stamping Playing Cards Dice according to Law; and that if at any time there shall not DiredVtons as any such Type, Mark or Stamp, denoting the precise Amount any of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be pay-le, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think jper, to direct that Two or more of such Types, Marks or imps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to Stamp Duties so payable jefpeiively, shall be used on the same ce of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or heir Discretion to cause Xo be provided new Types, Marks or mps for denoting such Duties or any of them, and to cause all lum. Parchment and Paper chargeable with such Duties to be iped or marked with the same.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Marks Devices, See.

I or to be used for denoting and marking on Vellum,. Parchment ay bc chal, Sed Paper, or on Playing Cards, or on Dice, the Stamp Duties c*

: h shall be payable from time to time, or any of them, may be ged, varied or altered from time to time, as His Majesty, his s and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go-Dr or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Corn-oners of Stamps for the time being, or any Three of them, think fit; provided that whensoever such Devices or Marks Notice in be changed, varied or altered, then and in every such case. G, izette* ic Notice of every such Change, Variation or Alteration shall iven by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some Public Newspaper, a convenient time before the Types, Marks imps on which such new Devices or Marks shall he made, be used.

[III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Particular imps in Ireland shall cause separate and particular Stamps or St.amP# for.ccr* 1 to be provided and used to denote the Duties which shall fromtltalM DuUts* to time be payable, not only on any Article or Articles for separate or particular Stamps or Marks shall be required, ime to time by any Law or JLaws, but also on such other Arti-Jatters and Things as to the said Commissioners of Stamps, ime to time shall seem reqyifite and necessary, QT as^the said. flioners of Stamps shall be, required by His Majesty, or by, j rd Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, or Governors of.

or by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the F f 2 Com-

Using improper Sumps.

C. 8i.

SS" GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Within what time old Stamps changed for new.

Officer taking Money, &c. Penalty.

Neglecting to bring Stamps within time limited.

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being; and all such Articles, Matters and Things respectively, which mall be issued or granted, made or written after One Month from the Day on which Public Notice shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by the said Commissioners of Stamps, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the same have been or are respectively provided, and which shall be engrossed, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, without such Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamp* or Marks than those so provided or used for the Purposes aforesaid respectively, although such Stamps may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or stamped; and all Persons who shall write or print any such Article, Matter or Thing on any Paper, Vellum or Parchment, having any other Stamps than those fd provided for the Purpose aforesaid, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as they would be liable to in case such Article, Matter or Thing respectively had been written or printed on Paper, Vellum or Parchment not marked or damped.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the Devices or Marks aforesaid, or any of them, shall be changed, varied or altered, it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall at the times respectively of such Alteration or Change have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Impression of the Type, Mark or Stamp which shall have been so changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the Matter* or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be payable, shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the Space of Four Months after the Publication of such Advertisement as aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublint or to anr Distributor of Stamps, or to any Person appointed to act as a Dit tributor of Stamps; and thereupon the proper Officer at such Stamp Office and such Distributor or Person appointed to act as such respectively, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered in lieu thereof, the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as shall have been so brought or sent as aforesaid, with the Impression of such new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the same, any Money or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the said Stamps or Marks which have been so^itenor sent in shall, in every such case, be immediately cancelled: $4, in case any Person shall neglect or omit, within the time bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the f Abners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum* f Paper, so marked with the Type, Mark orjStamp, ' i

C. 8i.

437

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked or stamped; and all Persons who shall engross or write any Matter or Thing, chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as is herein directed to be inflicted on Persons writing or engrossing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any of the Dominions thereto belonging, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to resemble any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp at any time heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Stamp b Office in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act or Act a which has been or shall be at any time in force in Ireland, although such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp, may not be kept or used at the said Stamp Office at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons save and except lucn Person or Persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and to use the same for the Purpose of stamping Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being) shall have in his, her or their Possession any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to resemble any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or used or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Stamp Office for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, any of the Duties so charged or to be charged thereon as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then kept or used at the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland; or shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper or other Matter which heretofore was or hereafter shall be directed to be damped, any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office in Dublin for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing so directed to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark or Device shall have been so used or kept at the said Office though such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Device, Mark or Impression, may not be used or kept at the said Office at the time of such Offence committed; of if any Person shall use, utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be used, uttered, vended or sold, or shall have in his or her Possession, with Intent to use, utter, vend or sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, though not then used or kept for the said Purposes, or any of them, or though the Duty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in JrtUduL knowing such Device, Mark or Impression to be counter-I" Ff3 feited 5

Engrofiin*, &c. on such Stamps.

[Penalty.]

Forcing, Sec. Dies;

Having unlawfully in Poffeffiun;

Marking Paper, &c. unlawfully;

Uttering, kc. or having for Sale forged Stamps;

Officers or others (tamping same, Sec. with lawful Dies without Authority of Commiflnmers.

C. 81.

GEO. JJL

A.D. 1815.

feited; or if any Officer or Officers in the ^Employment of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any other Person or Persons lyjiat-ever, shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, This Heirs or Successors, mark or iropress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, or be aiding, abetting or assisting in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stajnp, Mark or Impression denoting any of the Duties aforesaid, on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed jo be stumped, not delivered to him or them, or by the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purpose of being stamp.ed with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Stamp Office aforesaid for the the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Duties charged or to be charged thereon by any Act of Parliament, though such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp shall not be then the said Stamp Office, or the Duty denoted thereby should not be then payable in Ireland; or If any Person or Persons shall with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter required to be {lamped, so fraudulently stamped, of marked with any Mark or Stamp to denote any of the aforesaid Duties, then and in every of said cafeB every such Person fp offending, and being thereof fully convicted, shall be adjudged a Fflon, and shall, for the First Offence aforesaid whereof he or she shall be convicted, be transported for the Term of Seven Years; and for any of the Offences aforesaid Which he or she shall commit after such Second Offence. Conviction, shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without JJpnefit of Clergy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper intended to be charged with any Stamp Duty shall, before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable shall be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked; and the said Commissioners and Officers are hereby required, uppa Demand of the Person or Persons so bringing the f^me, forthwith without arty Fee or Reward to stamp or mark any Quantity or par-llur

Having in Poffcifion Paper, &c. fraudulently damped.

First Offence.

Paper damped before written upon.

Officers stamping before Duty paid.

[Penalty.]

Additional Stamps put on old Sumps.

cel of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought, such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed ip that behalf the respective Duties whic^ they shall require to ha, ye so stamped or marked on the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any C01

or other Officer appointed or to he appointed as aforesaid, (1: h Mark or Stamp to dr upoi

ment or Paper, which shall be brought to '

al > r-.' ______t_ .7 ' > .* T

or imp refs any fuel n -

I

r vT

J

C. 8r.

A.D. 18iJ*

55 GEO. In.

439

any of them, upon request of any Person or Persons producing any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, llamped with such Stamp or Stamps to order, if they shall think proper so to do, that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper be damped with Stamps denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requeuing the same shall require; the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given, paying the Difference in Amount (if any) between the Stamps which shall have been first impressed or marked on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and such Stamps as shall be so required to be impressed or marked on the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath Spoiled Stamps or solemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the said Com- changed for missioners or any of them, or before any Inferior Officer by them in others*

that behalf appointed (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer

is hereby empowered to administer) to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Officer, that any damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper,

printed, engrossed or written upon, and inadvertently and unde-

signedly spoiled or obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any

+Party or Parties, or used for any of the Purposes for which the same was or were intended; and that the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account received, and that such Person will not receive any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person to the full Amount of the Duty thereon; and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount, unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof, and upon the Person or Persons who shall produce

such Proof, delivering such damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper,

rendered unfit for use as aforesaid, and delivering also at the same

time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be damped,

then and in every such case, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be damped or marked with the several and respective

Duties damped, marked or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment or

Paper, so rendered unfit for use, or with any other Duties which may be required, the Person so requiring the same fird paying the

Difference of Amount if any: Provided always, that such spoiled Application for

Stamps shall be brought to the Commissioners of Stamps at the Allowance of

Stamp Office in Dublin, within Six Calendar Months next after ?mps

the same shall have been spoiled, or rendered unfit for use, if the limited time.

same shall belong to the Persons resident in Dublin, or within Ten

Miles of the Cattle of Dublin, or within Twelve Calendar Months

after the same shall have been spoiled, if such Stamps shall belong to

Persons resident elsewhere.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Powers of lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to Commissioners cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of any such Stamps as shall have been uled for or Upon any Presentations to Ecclesiastical Bene- spotled fices, which shall not be followed by Inditution, or for or upon Stamps extend-any Indruments which shall have been signed by any Party or Par- ed to a variety ties, but which shall be afterwards found to be absolutely void in of cases of In-.Law from the beginning, or which, by reason of any Error or Mif- by^PartiL!5" tike therein, shall be afterwards found unfit for the Purpose originally 7 intended, or which, by reason of the Death of any Person whole

Ff4

Sig-

44*

0* 8i.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Limitation of time.

Previso.

Allowance for spoiled Stamps on Bills of Exchange^&c.

Limitation of time.

Commissioners of Stamps may

iiorxiOq rramre Affidptftsrt-

Signature shall be necessary thereto, without having signed the same, or by reason of the Refusal of any such Person to ugn the same, cannot be completed so as to effect the Transaction in the Form pto-posed, or which, for want of the Signature of some material and necessary Party, shall in fa& be incomplete and inefficient for the Purpose intended, or which, by reason of the Refusal of any Person to act under the same, or by the Refusal or Nonacceptance of any Office or Trust thereby granted, shall fail of their intended Purpose, or which, for want of Inrollment within the time required by Law, shall become null and void, or which shall become useless in consequence of the Transaction therein mentioned being effected by some other Instrument or Instruments duly stamped, so that the Instruments for which an Allowance of Stamps shall be claimed in the several cases aforesaid shall be delivered up to the said Commissioners to be cancelled; and provided the Application for the Relief which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give shall be made within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Six Calendar Months after the Date of the Instrument in question, except where the same shall become void for want of Inrollment within Six Calendar Months from the Date, and in those cases within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall so become void, and except where the same shall have been sent abroad, and in those cases within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be received back j and provided no Action shall have been brought or Suit commenced, in which such Instrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence, and provided all the Fasts upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be duly proved by Oath (or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers) to their Satisfaction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of all such Stamps as shall have been used for any Bills of Exchange or Promissory Notes, which shall have been signed by or on the Behalf of the Drawers thereof, but which shall not have been delivered out of their Hands to the Payeei therein named, or any Person on their Behalf, or deposited with any Person as a Security for the Payment of Money, or any way negociated, issued or put in Circulation, or made use of in any other manner whatsoever, and which Bills of Exchange shall not hare been accepted by the Drawees, or tendered for such Acceptance j provided that such Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes shall be brought for Allowance, and be delivered up to the said Commissionert at their Stamp Office in Dublin, to be cancelled within SixCalflMkr Months after the passing of this Act, or within Six Calendar Mopihl after the Date of such Bills and Notes, or after the fig same, if they shall not bear Date; and provided all the FaT which the said Commissionerg are hereby authorized to gi shall be fully proved by Oath or solemn Affirmation tot] faction. V*

C. 8r.

44i

U A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

a aforesaid, as they shall in their Discretion judge necessary or expecti dient for the Purpose of preventing Frauds and Evasions, such o Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the said Commissioners di or any One or more of them, or before any Officer to be appointed ti. by the said Commissioners, who are hereby respectively authorized to if* take the same, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for \t\ that Purpose.

b XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written at any time since the Commencement of any u Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time

fi hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written upon

j any VeHum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for

which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper at the time of such Writing

I or Engrossment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty

s slave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons) before such time as the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped with such Mark

or Stamp as was or shall be by Law required for the same, or hath or

j have engrossed or written the same, or caused the same to be en-

grossed or written, or shall engross or write the same, or cause the lame to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped with any Duty, or stamped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time, in respect of what hath been or shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such case there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty, as the case may be, so payable by Law for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing; and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty or Remainder of Duty payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty or Remainder of Efttty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark and stamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or wjrite, or cause to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper any of the Matters or Things for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and such Vellum, Parchment or Paper shall have been or shall be marked or damped with one or more forged Mark or Stamp or Marks or Stamps impressed thereon, or if any Person or Persons hath or have engrossed or written, or shall engross or write any such Matter or Thing, or hath or have caused, or shall cause any such Matter or Thing to be engrossed or written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp or Mark, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for an;

Person

Deeds, See. written on undamped Paper may be damped.

Fine.

Fine.

Deeds, See. written on Paper having forged St rop* thereon may be damped

C8i.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18;

Fine.

Fine.

Person or Persons (other than inch Person or Persons who ft have engrossed or written or caused to be engrafted or writti or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written a such Matter or Thing upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paj stamped with any forged or counterfeit Stamp, knowing such Stai to be forged or counterfeited, or who shall have impressed any fu Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or shall have caused the same to impressed with any such counterfeit Stamp or Mark) to bring fu Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin> to stamped with the Stamp or Mark denoting the Duty payable I Law thereon; and there shall be paid to His Majesty, his He and Successors, the Amount of such Duty so payable by La for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing; and also the Su of Ten Pounds, provided the same shall be brought to be stamp within the Space of Five Years from the passing of this Act, 1 from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Su of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty so payable as afon said; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upc Payment or Tender of such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds c Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the fam< and to mark and stamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with th Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument 0 Writing respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Instrumenl fare and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers or othe Person or Persons shall be engrossed or written on Parchmenl Vellum or Paper not duly stamped, and it shall satisfactorily appea to the said Commissioners of Stamps upon Oath or Affirmation 0 otherwise, that the same hath happened either by Accident or load vertency, or from urgent Necessity or unavoidable circumstances and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majesty, hi Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument then and in any of the said caies, if such Instrument shall withii Sixty Days from the first Execution thereof be brought to tin Stamp Office in the City of Dublin to be stamped, and the Dutj chargeable upon such Instrument shall be paid, it shall and may bi lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, tc remit the Penalty payable as aforesaid, on stamping such Instrumenl or any Part thereof so executed without being stamped, and to cause such Instrument to be stamped with the proper Stamp, and ever) Person concerned in engromng any such Instrument, or eteCutinfl the same, shall be thereupon exempt from all Penalties On Ticcouni thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it fkafta lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and

may be stamped. aut}K)rize(j to stamp any Instrument executed out

Payment of the Stamp Duty which flhdF be j

In what case within 60 Days Instrumems stamped without Penalty.

Deeds executed out of Ireland

081,

443

ill A.D. 1815. 5^ < GEO. JIL

j*i Kingdom, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the said

itij Commissioners that such Instrument was executed out of Ireland, and

i in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kingdom, as the case tit! may be, and within the times aforesaid respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Part of the & Things in respetl whereof any of the said Stamp Duties shall be Writing to be; b payable shall be written or printed, or written and printed in such on lamp*

9 manner (and if printed or written in Part, or entirely, before being b stamped, shall be so stamped) that some Part of the Writing or*Printing thereof shall be on the Stamps or Marks which shall in I pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force be placed on the Vellufti,

j Parchment or Paper thereof; and such writing or printing shall, j from thence be so continued in the usual Form of writing, printing {l or engrossing Deeds or Writings, so that no Blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other j Deed or Instrument whatever, upon Pain that the* Person who shall i write, engross or print, or llamp, or cause to be written, engrossed J or printed or stamped, any such Writing, Matter or Thing contrary, to the true Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Persons and engross or write, or print, or cause to be engrossed, written or printed, c^t^writin or partly written and partly printed, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Deed^oTPaper Paper, any Instrument, Writing, Matter or Thing for which such not duly Vellum, Parchment or Paper ought, according to the Laws which shall damped, be then in force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty; or shall utter, issue, accept, receive or knowingly have in his or her possession, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having such Instrument, Writing, Matter or Thing engrossed, written or printed, or partly printed and partly written thereon, such Vellum,

Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as shall be by Law required for such Instrument, Writipg, Matter or Thing, at the time of so engrossing, writing or printing the same; or marked or stamped for any lower Duty or Duties than the Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law payable thereon, in respect of the Matter or Thing so engrossed, written or printed thereon, or marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp which shall have been previously used for any other Purpose; such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall, at Penalty, any time file or cause to be filed in any Court of Law or Equity any Pleacting, Affidavit or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, and there shall not be any time expressly allowed by Law for stamping the same after the filing thereof, and that such Pleacting, Affidavit,

Proceeding, Matter o* Thing, shall not, at the time of filing thereof, be duly stamped, then and in every such case every Person who shall so file the Came or cause the fajme to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court who shall receive the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Clerk, Penalty. Officer or other Person who, in respect of any Office or Employment, is or shall be entitled or entrusted to make, engross or write f iy Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, which shall be then chargeable with a Stamm Duty under or by virtue of

w

C. 8i.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 18if.

any Act or Acts which shall be then existing or in force in Ireland or to issue any Process, or to file any Proceedings, or to do any A6 in the Execution of his Office with respect to any Article, Matter or Thing chargeable with any such Duty, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Practice or Neglect, by means whereof His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may be defrauded of any such Duty, by making, engrossing or writing any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, cr by causing the same to be made, engrossed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not duly marked or stamped according to such Laws as shall be then existing and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impression which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by engrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which shall be then by Law payable for the same, or by neglecting to do any thing required by him to be done in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary to the Duty of his Office in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, that then and in every such case such Clerk, Officer or Person so guilty of any such Fraud, Practice or Neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall also upon Conviction for such Offence forfeit his Office, Place or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatsoever shall be guilty of any such Fraud as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an Attorney; and if any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, on which any such Stamp is or shall be by Law charged and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be written or engrossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, not being a known Clerk or Officer, who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled to the making, writing or engrossing the same upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped according to Law, or shall be written or engrossed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped for a lower Duty than is by Law payable thereof (except under the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Act contained), then and in every such case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten Pounds, and no fuel) Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, orbyM) Person, to be good, useful or available in Law or in Equity, until as well such Stamp Duty as the said Sum of Ten Pounds shall be first paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and I Receipt produced for the same under the Hand or Hands of foofc Officer appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps, nor until tk Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which such Records, Entry, Deed) [nstrument or Writing shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with the proper Mark or Stamp to denote the Duty payable thereon; and the proper Officer or Officers are hereby enjoin required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds, unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the same, and

to

C. 8r.

44$

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

to mark or {lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Court in Ireland, who shall usually aft in Person in such Matters, and the known Deputy of any Officer who shall not usually so aft, in whose Office any Pleacting, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing shall have been received, shall, as to the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to have received the same*and that every Clerk, Officer or other Person as aforesaid, who shall make, engross or write, or cause to be made, engrossed or written any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or {lamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impression which shall be counterfeited, shall, in any Proceeding for the Recovery of the Penalty in that respect aforesaid, be deemed and taken to have known such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be countefeited, unless he shall prove that the same was bought at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or at the Office of some Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or in the Office or Shop of a Person duly licensed to fell Stamps.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be uttered, vended, fold, or exposed to Sale, or played with, or shall be kept by any Person with Intent to utter, vend, fell, expose to Sale, or play with the same, which shall not be duly sealed, marked and {lamped respectively, according to Law, upon Pain that every Person who shall utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale, or knowingly play with, or have in his or her Possession, with Intent to utter, vend, fell or play with the same, any such Cards or Dice which shall not be so sealed, marked or {lamped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards and for every such Die so uttered, vended, fold or exposed to Sale, or played with, or so in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, fell or play with the same, the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the Purpose of evading any of the Stamp Duties, which shall at any time be payable under any Act or Acts then in force in Ireland, execute any stamped Instrument without a Date, or which shall bear Date prior to such Execution thereof, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Date, Sum or Thing engrossed or written in such Instrument, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently cut, tear or take off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Mark or Stamp for any other Writing, Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, then and in every such case, every Person so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and any Deed, Instrument or Writing, wherein any of the said Frauds shall have been committed, shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped: Provided nevertheless, that if any Deed or Instrument mall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto, on the Day when the same bears Date, such Peed or Instrument may be lawfully executed at any time afterward* by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties payable on such Deed or Instrument, if the same shall have been duly stamped; at the time

Officers aa-fwerable for Acts in Office?.

Cards and Dice sealed and stamjKid.

[Penalty.]

Ante-dating

Deeds.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

44

Duty payable only for Estates situate in Ireland.

Probates of Wills of Trustees.

G.fli.

556Gfi6.m.

A; D; 1815.

Transfer of Stock, under Probates of Trustees.

Of such prior Execution thereof, and such Deed or Instrument shall in such case be deemed to be duly damped.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the several Dutiei charged and to be charged by Law in Ireland upon any Probates or Letters of Administration, or Receipts for Legacies, or Shares or Proportions of any Estate or Effects, shall be deemed and taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects as shall be situated in Ireland, and of such Legacies as shall be payable out of Estates and Effects in Ireland.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Probate of the Will of any Person deceased, or the Letters of Administration of the Effects of any Person deceased, heretofore granted or to be hereafter granted in Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be valid and available by the Executors or Administrators of the Deceased, for recovering, transferring or assigning any Debt or Debts or other Personal Estate or Effects, whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, notwithstanding that the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts, or other Personal Estate or Effects, or the Amount or Value of so much thereof or such Interest therein as was Trust Property in the Deceased, as the case may be, shall not' be included in the Amount or Value of the Estate, in respect of Which the Stamp Duty was paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Admihiftratort of any Person deceased shall be desirous of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of 'any Share (landing in the Name of the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds transferable at the Bank of Ireland}ot of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock* and Funds of arty other Company, Corporation or Society whatsoever, passing by Trartfter in the Books of such Company, Corporation or Society? under and by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as said, and shall allege that the Deceased was passesse'd thereof or' entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it^JhWbe lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers, for their Indemnity and Prote08, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fast as herein after a mentioned, if the Fast shall not other wise satisfactorily appdrxa^l thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to trtntf"4^ Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dirid&ds thereby regard to the Amount of the Stamp, Duty on the Prdb Will of the Deceased, of Letters of Adnm Effects; and where the Executors' or Add deceased shall have Occasion to recover k Personal Effects due or1 ap

e*lwfel#y bttertmfziV'l

C. 81.

447

A.Dii?i5'. 55 GEO. III.

Debts or other Eff9 in question to such Executor# or Adrainiftra-tors, or as they, shall directj without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effe<fts; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion r* to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real or other Personal Effects whereof or where to the -T'! Deceased was possessed or entitled, and shall allege that the same res' spectively was or were due or vested in the Deceased either wholly or ifc partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or other si Personal Effects shall be purposed to be assigned or transferred, to in require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa& as herein after is i* mentioned, if the Fa& shall not otherarife satisfactorily appear, and I thereupon to accept the proposed Assignemnt or Transfer, without j, regard to the amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the c Will of the Deceased^ or the Letters of Administration of his or her i Effects.

1 XLV- And be it further enacted, That upon any such Requisition Affidavit made ! as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, or some other Person or Persons to property. whom the Fads shall be known, shall make a. special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa&s and Circumstances of the case, Hating the Property in question; and that the Deceased had not any beneficial Interest whatever in the same, or no other beneficial Interest therein than shall be particularly mentioned and set forth, as the case may' be, but was possessed thereof or*entitled thereto, either wholly or in Part, as the case may be, in trust for some other Person or Persons whose Name or Names or other sufficient Description shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purposes as shall be specified therein; and that the beneficial Interest of the Deceased, if any* in the Property in question doth not exceed a certain Value to be therein also specified according to the belt Estimate that can be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such beneficial Interest of the Deceased, as well as the rest of the Personal Estate, whereof or where to the Deceased was < beneficially possessed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as far as the same* have come to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Ad-, ministrator or Administrators; and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumstances of the Trusts shall be made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Administrator-or Administrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Ad-ninistrator or Administrators shall make Affidavit.or Affirmation hat the same are true to the belt of his, heF or their Knowledge, and hat the Property in question is intended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be- sworn or nade.before a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary (who*

9 hereby authorized to take the same, and administer the propet )atli or Affirmation for that Purpose), and shall be delivered to the )arty or Parties requiring the same, and shall be sufficient to inn

demnify

C. 8i.

JS' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Perjury.

Unpaid Stamp Duty, Debt to The Crown.

Neglecting to pay Duties complained of to Court of Exchequer.

8umps judicially noticed.

demnify and protest the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Paim and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury are subject and liable to.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hath written, printed, engrossed or executed, or who shall write, print, engross or execute any Record, Deed, Instrument, Copy, Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is or shall be payable, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which hath not been or shall not be duly stamped to denote the Payment of such Duty, and also every Person who in any other manner what foe ver is or shall be liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty, and who by any Contrivance, Neglect or Omission, shall have omitted or neglected to pay any Stamp Duty, which, in respect of any Act, Matter or Thing heretofore done or caused to be done by him, or hereafter to be done or caused to be done by him, shall have been by Law payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for such Duty, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from such Person to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Irtlui, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on behalf of the said Commimoners of Stamps, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Person or Persons to shew Cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account, upon Oath, of all such Duties so due, and why the same should not be forthwith paid according to.Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with such Cods of such Proceedings as the hid Court shall think proper to award and direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Ireland shall, without Allegation or Proof in that behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps heretofore or now kept or used, or to be hereafter kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland, and that no Record, Deed, Inftrottnt, Writing or Printing whatever (for which the Vellum, Pardnnat or Paper whereon the same is or shall be written or printed} is or shall be or at the time of writing or printing the same wisfbr.ibll have been by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, tl Law has been or shall have been repealed), mall, on.'# whatsoever, be pleaded or given or received in Evf"

Court in Ireland, or admitted in any C available in Law or Equity, unlcft ' y*Rr whereon the same bath been P

A.D. 1815.

5* GEO. III.

C.fci.

449

spedlively: Provided always, that if any Record, Deed, Instru- Deeds on higher meat or Writing shall happen to be executed or written on any Slan"Ps tha" re" Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such ^nleft'inrafe of respective Deed, Instrument or Writing, at the time of the Execu- appropriated tion thereof, the same shall be considered as duly stamped, to all Sumps.

Intents and Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that if such Record,

Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be of a Kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as aforesaid, then and in such case the same shall not be considered as duly stamped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to any Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impressed thereon shall be One of the Stamps or Marks so appropriated to such Kind of Record, Deed, Instrument or Writing.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissionett Tnfpeftors of of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may, from time to Stamps in time as they shall see Occasion, appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ire- thereon! U land, which Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to inspeH and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper upon which any of the Matters or Things in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall at any time be payable shall have been engrossed or written or put} and also the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other Matters and Things tending to secure the Duties which have been or shall from time to time be payable upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or of any of them,

shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Things for the better securing of the said Duties as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XLIX. And, for the better Distribution of Stamped Vellum, Prices of Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and in order that all Persons may Stamped Paper have the same with Convenience, and at an easy Rate, be it enacted,ctf

That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors ftme throush. of Ireland for the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think Ireland, proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners of Stamps shall damp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece and Sheet of Paper -so by them to be sold, and that the said Commissioners shall take special Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall be from time to time sufficiently furnished with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have it in their Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnifti themselves from others who shall be legally entitled to utter or fell the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing Actions, done under the Authority of or in pursuance of this Act or of any Act which shall be then in force in Ireland relating in any wise to the Pap'" ilation of any Stamp Duty or Duties save^ where

other*

4S*

[General Issue.]

C.i.

sj'Gio.m.

A.IXiSi;

Treble Cofte.

Penalties in British Currency.

Penalties, &c. how futd for,

kc*

Appeal.

otherwise particularly dinged, then and in every such case the said A^dion or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and notelfe-where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit t be brought may plead the General IUiie and give the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fane was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act or, such other Acts as aforesaid; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if' any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any County City or Place other than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Plaintiff in such Action shall be nonsuited; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and my recover Treble, Colls, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants, hath or have for Colls of Suit in other cases by Law.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties which ikall bo-incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which is, are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency, unless otherwise rt-pressly directed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For* feitures imposed* or to be imposed, by or under this Act, or any other Act or Acts which is or are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulations of any Stamp Duty, may be recovered with Cods of Suit, by any Person who shall sue for the same, save where the contrary is particularly directed, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, An which no Essoin, Protedm or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed} or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman or Affiftmt Barriller, within whose Local Jurisdiction such bffence shall haw been committed; and that every such Penalty, not particularif directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid and distributed, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person suing for the same; and that the like Appal shall and may be lawful from the Decihon on any such Civil B31, and under the same Terms, Regulations and Conditions as in-tfe case of any Civil Bill, for any Sum not exceeding Twenty Foonfefe an Action of Debt on a Bond, Bill or Specialty for raymnkol Money only.,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case.ia i "'or under the Provisions of this Act, or of any i other A&x force, or which shall at any time be in force in Iralandi* i*wife to, th? Payment or Regulation of  Tx"

\AmtgttA or permitted to.l r^shall, with* 11

C. 8i.

li

BU

SSI

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

4$l

signed by such Person or Persons stating the Time and Place of such Seizure, and the reason for making the same, which Note shall be immediately filed at the said Office; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owners of such Goods so seized, or of any Part thereof at any time after the filing of such Note, and within Twenty one Days from the Day of such Seizure to require and obtain at such Office a Copy of such Note, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to leave at such Office a Claim in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons, Rating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming such Goods so seized, or apy Part thereof that may be specified therein, as of on behalf of the Owner or Owners, or One of the Owners thereof; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons making such Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of such Seizure, to require a Copy of such Claim, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Justice of the Peace in and for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein such Seizure shall have been so made, for a Summons, to the Person or Persons so making such Claim, and such Justice of the Peace shall issue such Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every such Claimant to appear before him at a Time and Place to be therein named, fot the Decision of such Claim; and such Summons, being, duly served on such Claimant or Claimants either personally or at his, her or their Places of Abode mentioned in such Claim, and Copies of such Seizing Note and Claim attested by the Distributor of such District, or Person or Persons acting as such, being produced before such Justice of the Peace, he shall and may proceed to hear the Merits thereof, and such Evidence or Admissions, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and shall thereupon or upon the Nonappearance of either Party decide on the Merits of such Seizure, and make his Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for either Party against whom such Adjudication shall be made, at any time within Ten Days from the making thereof, to appeal thereupon Appeal, in manner herein after mentioned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the* Peace which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Adjudication, who shall in a summary way hear and decide on the fafne, and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to him or them shall seem meet.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons Secure unlaw-so making such Seizure shall not leave such Notice in Writing at ful for want of such DrftributorV Office as aforesaid, or in case of such Claim Not, cifcc' being put in as aforesaid, shall not cause such Summons to be issued and fervCd as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Intenti and Purposes to have been unlawfully made; and if after the filing of such Seizing Note as aforesaid, such Claim shall not be nade'as aforesaid, such' Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all In- ents and Purposes to have been lawful and just j and if such Sum-, norts'shall have been issued, then the Adjudication of such Justice, if dt effectually- appealed froift, and in case of such Appeal, the De-Gg 2 cifion

4 S*

Recognizance and Appeal.

C. 8i.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Penalties not exceeding 40L recovered before Justice of Peace.

Warrant.

Inprisonment.

Reeogninnce.

Appeal.

eifion of the Court of Quarter Sessions, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Party deGrous of making such Appeal shall, within Ten Days from the making such Adjudication, enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties, before the Justice making such Adjudication, or in his Absence before any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City, in such Sum as such Justice shall think proper to pay, the Costs, if any, which may be adjudged against him, her or them thereon, and if he, she or they shall not do so, such Appeal shall be null and void.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland within whose Jurisdiction any Offence, for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty Pounds, shall be committed against this Act, or against any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland re. lating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty in which it is not expressly directed to the contrary; and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon any Information or Complaint in Writing, in such case to summons the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, 011 either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Con. session of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty and Costs to be assessed by such Justice, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty and Costs. on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any), and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty and Costs, such Justice of the Peace or any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City or Town, in which such Conviction shall be, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such time as he shall judge to be proper, not less than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Costs shall be sooner paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party con. visted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such case it Audi be lawful for such Person, upon giving sufficient Security by Recognisance, with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice, in case such Appeal shall be by the Prosecutor, to pay such Costs as (h|R be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed; and in q&'ftch Appeal shall be by the Party convicted, then upon j Security to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposeda awarded by such Conviction, together with such aforesaid, to appeal to the Justice or Justice* at j Sessions of the County which shall be heM.uftd fiSWn the Dark % hich such C'

55 GEO. III. C. 81.

Con vision shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing Notio*.

shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the

First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively, and such Justices at

such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment

of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Colls occasioned by such Ap- Coftc.

peal as to him or them shall seem meet; and such Justice or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon

proceed in the same manner in all respects as the Justice making

such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not

taken place, and no Certiorari shall in any Place be granted to ex- Certiorari.

amine or remove any such Conviction whether before or after any such Appeal.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary Process served. in any Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture at place of under this A Cl, or under any Act or Acts in force from time to Abodor0cc-time, for the Payment of any Stamp Duties or Duty, or for regulating any such Duties or Duty, or the Collection thereof, whether the same shall be Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or by Civil Bill, or by any Proceeding before a Magistrate or Magistrates, or on any Writ of Error or Appeal from any Decision that the Original or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatsoever,

Should be personally served on the Defendant or Defendants or any of them, but it shall in all such cases be sufficient that the same be served at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode 5 and if any such Defendant shall be an Officer of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, and if such Proceeding shall in any wise relate to the Business of his Office, or any Offence, Ad or Neglect therein, then it shall be sufficient to lerve such Original or other Process, or Summons, or Notice, or Order, in manner aforesaid, at his Office, on some Person acting or employed in the Business thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Limitation of liable to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for any Complaiou Offence committed against this Act or any other Act, composing or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, unless Complaint shall be made within Twelve Months from the time of committing such Offence.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Witnessesre-/hall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in Ming to auu#, any of the said cases, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, &c* or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses, if he, she or they shall be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Home, being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices of Sessions respectively), or, upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices at Sessions re-

Gg j

[Penalty.]

Informer competent Witness.

C. 81.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Form of Conviction.

Conviction returned to Clerk of Peace.

Penalty. Form of 'Warrant.

fjpectively, then such Person or Persons shall, for evej*y such Offencf, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial pr other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this Act or under any Ad, imposing or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management cf any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in ^ny Suit to be instituted in any of the said Superior Courts, or b/ C.vfl Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or at Sessions, any Informer or other Person who, in the Event of a Convidiou, would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to auy Part, Sham or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding, and such Testimony shall, if believed, be sufficient thereon, to all Intents and Purposes, as far as the same Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence against any Ad in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in / land, shall cause the said Convidiou to be made out in Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis, which Convidiou shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without setting forth the Evidence, or Hating the case in any more particular manner j that is to say,

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

f in the Year of our Lord

A.B. of in the County of (or, County of the City or Town of

as the case may he) was convicted before me C.D>

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of*(or. County of the City, &c.) for that the said A.B. on the Day of

now Iaft pall at in the said County of

did (here state the Offence), contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided; and I do therefore adjudge the said d.B.to have forfeited a Sum of British Currency; and for the Costs, which amounted

together to the Sum of Given under

my Hand and Seal the Day of

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written ftirly upon Parchment and returned within Ten Days from the D^yca such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the Cpbjty or County of a City or County of a Town (as the case marvhk), dr Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed hylift m to remain and to be kept among the Records of flip Dune U&mif Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so lp && shall, for every such Offencf forfeit '

LXII. And be it further r

3M1

4 is

A.D. 1815.55 GEO. III.

County of *To M. and M and each of them, and their and to wit \ each of their Assistants.

Whereas on the Day of

now Idft pa ft , F. of was duly convicted,

for that he (or, she) on the Day of

then la(t pall at in the said County of

(or, County of the City or Town of

as the case may he) did {here set out the Offence) and thereupon'

the said E, F. hath become liable to a Fine or Penalty of

4 British Currency, and to Costa,

making together the Sum of I do there-

fore by these Presents authorize and command you, and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. 4 or a Sufficiency thereof, for levying the Sum last mentioned thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, reridering to the said E, F. the Overplus (if any) and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to me without delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand .*

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, Form of War-a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender rant of Com-or Offenders in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, mittal. to the Words 41 do therefore by these Presents; which Word*, and all from thence to the Words disposed of according to Law/ inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit,  4 And Whereas on the

4 Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the last mentioned Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I 4 do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said C.D. or any other Magistrate of the said County.*

And the Form of Committal, for committing any such Offender Form of Conw to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words 4 I do -therefore hereby authorize and command you, there shall follow these Words, to receive into your Custody the Body of the said aQd him (or, her) safely to

keep for from the Date hereof, unless the said

4 Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Con- FormofWar-vi&iflp- as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant rant* or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the same into G g 4 Execu-

4$6 C8i. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18/5,

Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the same, or any of them; and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or same other Form of Words of the same Import respectively:

County of 1 'To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of to Wit. i their Assistants.

WHEREAS on the Day of

in the Year . F. of

1 was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said

County, for that he (or, (he), on the Day of

last past, at in the said County did

(here fit out the Offence), and thereupon the said E. F, became

liable to a Fine or Penalty of British Cur-

rency, and to Costs, making together the Sum of

': And Whereas the said E. F. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions which hath affirmed the same with

Costs, making together with the said former Adju-

dication the Sum of These are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Polfrflion the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six ' Days from the Day of taking the same, you are by Public Sale ' thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said . F. the ' Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us, (or, to One of us, or, to me, as the case may be) without ' Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our ' Hands and Seals (or, under my Hand and Seal) this

Day of

Form of Warrant of Committal.

Form of Com-

i ff V

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to the Words ' These are therefore to authorize and command you*, which Words, and all from thence to the Words ' disposed of ac ' cording to Law, ' inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form fob lowing, or some other Form of Word9 to that or the like Effect shall be inserted in their Place; to wit,  ' And Whereas on the Day of a Warrant was issued

to levy the said last mentioned Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient ton ' fwer the said Sum, We, (or, I) do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you, to take the Body of ' E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County. attll^ ' him before us (or* me).'

And the Form of Committal for committing any fudb^S to Prison shall follow the Form of such! Warranty the Direction thereof shall be to the*$&ahd aftettlib Words, We

\ command^ypu/ then shall. Jag

rtit*

said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seal*

(or, my Hand and Seal) this Day of

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace Clerk of the in Ireland shall, within One Calendar Month after any such Con- Peace to feud viction shall have been returned to his Office, fumifti to the next Dif- Copies of Contributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction JlSS shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction, signed by himself they to ora-for which he shall receive from such Distributor the Sum of One missionere. Shilling and no more; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy, so signed, to the said Commissioners of Stamps at their Head Office in Dublin; and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Distributor shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds. Penalty.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share and The King's Proportion as shall be payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Share of Penl-cessors, of, from or out of any Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine, payable ene

or recoverable under this Act, or any Amendment thereof, or under rajC*r eD*" any Act or Acts which shall in any wise relate to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty in Ireland, shall, unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace or other Person by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the same shall have been so levied in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin; and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whose District the Offence was committed; and if any such Justice of the Peace, or other Person, shall neglect or omit so to pay over the same, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if different Pro- Only one Pe-ceedings shall be had or taken against the same Person for the same nalty recover-Offence, such Person shall nevertheless be liable only to One Penalty, for oue the Right to which shall depend on the Priority of the Proceedings  ence' for Recovery of the same; and if any Question shall arise concerning the Priority of such Proceedings, then and in such case the Proceeding under which the Party complained of shall have been first duly served with Summons or other Process, which shall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay by the Party informing or prosecuting,

[Proviso.]

shall be considered as entitled to and shall have the Priority over any other Proceeding for the same Offence, and shall accordingly vest the Right to the Penalty fought thereby; provided nevertheless, that if the Person against whom any such Proceeding shall be taken shall be an Attorney of any of the Superior Courts m Dublin, then the Service of Notice of a Declaration filed shall, for the Purposes aforesaid, be of the same Effect as the Service of Summons or Process as aforesaid.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Justice*, See. iPeace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, shall neglect or refuse refilling to act. in any Instance to carry into execution this Act, or any Act or Acts which is or shall be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Dutie*, or any of

45

C. 8i, 82.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners may mitigate Penalties under Order of Treasury.

Commencement

Act.

Duties in Sch. (A.) on Importation of Goods levied;

Drawbacks on Exportation Ipe-eifiedin Sch. (A.] as also Bounty in Sch. (C.) allowed.

5* GEO. III. AD.igij.

the Provisions thereof, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer shall forfeit tl Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties by Order and under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland to mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be incurred by any Distributor of Stamp* as aforesaid, or which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, so far as concerns the Proportion of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by such Justice of Peace, payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the ferenl Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall commence and take effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

[SVr as to the Stamp Putiest ante, c. 78.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs, and to allow Drawback!

and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided) without any Discount whatever upon the Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, 'marked (A.) the several increased Duties of Customs inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule, according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties, and for and during, and from and after the several Periods and Times in the said Schedule mentioned, specified and set forth; and that on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Ireland (except to'Great Britain), there shall also be paid and allowed the several Draw-backs in respect of the said Duties of Importation, as the same are also respectively inserted, specified and set forth in the said Schedule

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 8a. 4JS>

marked (A.), and that upon the Exportation frocn IrtlaQtl (except to Great Britain) of the Silk Manufactures of Ireland described in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties and Allowances as the same are set forth and describ. d in the Words and Figures therein mentioned, and that the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties payable in Ireland upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in pjovifofor this Act shall extend of be construed to extend to repeal or alter 39 & 40G. 30 any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great c>

Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain 40 3'

in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present respea to Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Duties of Cuf-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts toms or Exctfs. in force on and immediately before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by which any (Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of freland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are respectively made, to remain liable to, or are charged with, or exempted from any Duties of (Customs ox Excise, whether countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, save and except as to the Countervailing or other Duties and Drawbacks granted by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland and which are or may be altered by this Act, or have been or may be altered by any other Act or Acts made or to be made in pursuance of the Provisions in the said Acts of Union for that Purpose.

III. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of 39 & 40 G. 3. f the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that c. 67.

in respect of the several increased Duties of Customs imposed by 40 G. 3. (I.)

1 this Act, and the Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, on Or- c*3 '

ganzined and Raw Silks imported into Ireland, increased Coun- tervailing Duties should be charged on all Silk Manufactures of f Great Britain, imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to

countervail the said several increased Duties of Customs in Irelands'

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Twelfth Day Countervailing

of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be Holies on Silk.

charged on the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain imported directly M^ofaiiure*

from thence into Ireland^ mentioned, set forth and described in the ^h.'(B)*

Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed, the several Countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, specified and

set forth according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties,

and for and during and from and after the several Periods and Times

in the said Schedule mentioned, specified and set forth, in lieu and

full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on

fuph Silk Manufactures, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of

P^tbament in, f<&ce in Ireland immediately before the passing of this 54 0.3. c. 129.

Actw4 the Exportation of any Article of like De- 3- Sch. (C.)

uStka Growth, Product o? Maaufaduie of repealed.

Ireland

4<5o

C. 82.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1Jij.

Duties, &c. in British Currency.

Consolidated

Fund.

Duties according to Tale, &c.

Duties on Silk how charged.

Duties paid on G(X)ds secured in Warehouses.

Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Draw-back equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawback! now allowed by Law on the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties, Drawback* and Bounties in this Act, and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency, and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties in the said Schedules specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measuror Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or Iefs Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Sorts of Silk mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed, payable from the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be charged and payable on all such Silk as shall not have been entered on or before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and that in like manner the several Duties payable on such Silk from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be charged and payable on all such Silk as shall not have been entered, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that in like manner the several Duties payable on such Silk from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be charged and payable on all such Silk as shall not have been entered, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, although such Silk may have been imported into Ireland at any time before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty respectively.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Dutie* granted, mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the said Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandi/.c therein mentioned, as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehouicu, or shall have been secured, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured on or after the said Twelfth Day of Maj One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in pursuance or by Authority of

C. 82.

4 61

A.D. 1815. 55# GEO. III.

of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the time when the Duties which such Goods, Ware* or Merchandize shall have been subject to before the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, would have been payable by Law.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation into Ireland of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize specified in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the said Schedule granted or imposed on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks and Bounties granted, allowed and made payable upon or in respect of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes mentioned and specified in the Schedules to this Act annexed, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof under the said recited Act9 or any of them, or under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, and as shall be exported from Ireland, at any time after the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the several and respective Drawbacks and Bounties, granted, allowed and made payable by or under this Act, or the Schedules thereto annexed, or any of them, shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles a3 shall have paid the several and respective Duties imposed thereon by this Act, and the Schedules (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain granted or made payable by any Ad in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of this Act upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Act, or the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) hereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain, shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made that so much of the Duties of Customs granted by this Act and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as aforesaid in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise or any Part thereof, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and the Duties of Customs made payable by this Act shall be reduced accordingly.

X. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties,

and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and

Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in lieu of former

[Proviso.]

Duties secured by Bond.

Drawbacks mil Bounties how paid.

Duties tepealed or reduce^ in G. B. repealed nr redu ed in Ireland in like manner.

54 G. 3. c. xa*i

4<$2

C. 8z.

i52. Ante, c. 33.

Duty on Cotton Wool imported into Ireland to tea lie.

[Proviso.]

48 G. 3. c. 32.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 181*

former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, it is, among ' other things, enacted, that whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Customs or Excise in Great Britain, granted or ' made payable by any Act in force in Great Britain upon any

Articles on which any Duty is imposed by the said recited Act ' or the Schedule thereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties, in 1 Great Britain, shall cease or determine or be repealed, or be or ' become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be

made that so much of the Duty of Customs granted by the said recited Act and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine or be repealed and shall not be payable in Ireland: And Whereas under and by virtue ' of the Exception contained in an Act made in the present Session 1 of Parliament, intituled an Act to continue until the Fifth Day of ' July One thousand tight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary ot ' War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, a certain Proportion of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain on the Importation of Cotton Wool in certain Ships will cease and determine from and after the Fifth ' Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and it is therefore just and necessary that a certain Proportion of the Duties on Cotton Wool imported into Ireland in certain Ships Should in like manner cease and determine pursuant to the recited Provision in the said recited Act of the lnft Session of Parliament/ Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the S im of Eight Shillings and Four pence British Currency, Part of the several and respectir Duties payable upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool imported into Ireland, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall cease and determine, and shall no longer be payable in Ireland upon any Cotton Wool which shall be imported into Ireland in British or Irish-built Ships, navigated and registered according to Law, or which shall be imported into Ireland from any of the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in arty Portuguese Ship: Provided always, that the several and respective Duties granted and made payable under the said recited Act of the lift Session of Parliament, or the Schedule thereto annexed, On Cotton Wool imported into Ireland in any other Ships or Vessels, flH continue and remain payable as if this Act had not been made.

XI. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Parliament'oftlic United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A&U 4 permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoustd or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being frfl paid, it is, among other things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietor^ 4 Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares or Merchamfe enumerated and described in the Schedule to the said Act annexed marked (B.) which shall be legally imported or brought into the Port of Dublin, or into any Port m'lrelatid to which Tobacco nuy by Law be imported, to land any such Goods, Wares and Mer*ch^fldiW" without Payment, at the time of the first Entry thereof,

of the Duty on the 'importatiottv, th^iWf?' And Whereas it is ex- pdifcit'to permir and suffer fuch1 Goods, Wares and Merchandise

4 t

C. 82.

55 GEO. III.

to be entered, landed and imported in any Port in Ireland, although

the same shall not be a Port at which Tobacco may by Law be

imported: Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize mentioned or described in the said Table marked (B.) to the said Act annexed, which shall be legally imported or Drought into any Port in Ireland whatever, to land any inch Goods, Wares and Merchandize at such Ports without Payment at the time of the first Entry thereof of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may be lodged or secured in any Port at or in such Places, and under fudi Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties* or any Four or more of them, shall from time to time order, appoint and direct; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act contained shall extend and be construed to extend to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize in every respect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been entered, landed and secured in any of the Ports in the said Act mentioned, under the Provisions and Authority of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or secured without Payment of Duty, shall at any time or by any means fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity which ought to be or remain warehoused or secured, after allowing for so much and such Part of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall have been delivered for Exportation or Home Consumption, if any such shall have been so delivered, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the full Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, at the time when such Deficiency shall be ascertained, for or in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and satisfy. the same before the Bond given or entered into on the.warehousing or securing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be delivered up or cancelled, and before any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused or secured, then remaining, shall be permitted to be> taken out, either for Exportation or for Home. Consumption; and all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so remaining, shall be subject to the Duties so deficient, and shall and may be sold for Payment of the same, and of Warehouse Rent, and ) ther Charges, upon the Expiration of the time for exporting the ame, or paying the Duties thereon.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares >r Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or otherwise tcured in Ireland, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts v force in ZrriW for that Purpose, shall, after having been entered >r Exportation, be fraudulently unshipped or relanded, except by leceffity or Distress, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, such Goods, 7are* or Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any fficer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in Ireland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing this Act, itr shall and may be lawful to import directly or through

v Great

46?

Goods described in Act landed in any Port without Payment of Duty, and secured under such Regulations-as Commissioners shall direct*

Goods deficient of actual Quantity to pay Duty.

Goods entered for Exportation fraudulently un shipped forfeited.

Unmanufactured Tobacco- imported ron

any ftireign State, or from Malta, kc. and exported, kc. for Home Trade, on Payment of like Duties as Tobacco of United States.

Mahogany, kc. imported, entered within One Month after Report made of Invoice of VefleL

[Penalty.]

48 G. 3. c. 3

Goods imported from Levant subject to Duty payable to Levant Company.

On Exportation of Beef, &c. salted in Ireland,

C. 82. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever within any Foreign State, or from Malta or Gibraltar, any Sort of unmanufactureri Tobacco in British or Irish-built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Country or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated in any manner whatever, into any of the Ports of Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, and to enter, land, and lodge or secure such Tobacco in any Warehouse or Warehousea provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland, and that such Tobacco may be exported from Ireland iu like manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of America may be exported from Ireland or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland respectively at the time; and that the Exporter of any such Tobacco which shall be so imported stall, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to Law, be entitled to and shall be allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the several Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from To bacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of drnrica, legally exported from Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who at any time after the passing of this Act shall import into Inland any Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals, shall make Entry of such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals respectively, within One Calendar Month next after Report shall be made of the Invoice of the Vessd in which such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals shall be imported; and if any Importer of such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deali shall neglect so to make such Entry within such time as aforesaid, such Importer shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Britiii Currency; and in case any such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals, shall be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, all such Mahogany, Timber, Wood or Deals, shall be cleared and taken out of and from the Warehouses or Places in which the same shall have been lodged and secured within Fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed (tom the Expiration of such Calendar Month next after such Report as aforesaid; and in case of Failure or Neglect in clearing and taking out such Timber within such Term of Fifteen Calendar Months, to he computed as aforesaid, such Mahogany, Timber, Wood and Deals shall be sold, and the Produce thereof applied in such manner ai is directed with respect to all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the permitting Goods imported into Ireland to^ warr-housed or secured without the Duties due on the Imporfttitin thereof being first paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of Countries within the Levant St-imported into Ireland under the Authority of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, iM be subject and liable to the Duties payable in Ireland to the Lrcm.l Company, in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchar. dize had been imported into Ireland directly from Turkey.

XVII. And be it declared and enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain of any Beet,

C. 82.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, salted in Ireland, with Salt the Allowance of Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, there shall be paid Duty on Silt and allowed to the Exporter of such Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams raade* or Bacon, the like Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback, for or in respect of the Duties charged upon such Salt used in the salting of such Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, as is by Law allowed, and made payable on Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, salted in Ireland, with Salt the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Certificates passing of this A A, it shall and may be lawful for Importing Mer- B, ven at Tobacco chants, in Ports in Ireland where Tobacco may by Law he im- ^fofd^here*ported, to give Certificates for all f^eft Coffee, Sugar and Tea as they shall fell to Persons residing within the same Port or Place where they shall have imported the fanie, of the several Parcels or Quantities of such Coffee, Sugar or Tea which they shall have fold; which Certificate shall have the same TSfce and Effect to all Intents and Purposes to proteA such Coffee, Sugar and Tiea within such Port or Place as Permits have in respect to Goods conveying or conveyed from one Place to another; any thing in any Act or A As to the contrary notwithstanding.-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, On ihippinv, &c. Wares or Merchandize shall, within uny Port, Harbour, Haven Goods, Officers or Creek in Ireland be put on board any lighter, Gabbard, te^fonbemd Wherry, Barge or Boat, in order td.be shipped or put on board any L^liters^cl and other Vessel, Ship or Boat for the^ Purpose of being exported from be provided for. Ireland, and also whenever any Goods, Wares and Merchandize

shall, within any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek in Ireland be unshipped, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel in order to be put into or on board of any lighter, Wherry, Barge or Boat, for the Purpose of being entered and landed in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or Surveyor of the Port, or Tide Surveyor, or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any of them, in each and every of the respective cases aforesaid, to place an Officer or Officers of the Customs, not exceeding Two in Number, on board such lighter, Gabbard,

Wherry, Barge or Boat, from the time that any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be begun to be put into or on board such lighter, Gabbard, Barge or Boat, there to remain for such time as to the said Commissioners, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer aforesaid in their Discretion Ijiiall seem fit; and every Owner, Matter or other Person or Persons having charge of any such lighter,

Gabbard, Wherry, Barge or Boat, in the respective cases aforesaid, shall provide such Officer or Officers with a Bed or Hammock to rest or lleep in under the Deck, or in some other Covered Birth or Place of such lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge or Boat, as shall be deemed good and Sufficient by the superior Officer or Officers of such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, to proteA such Officer or Officers so placed on board from the Inclemency of the Weather, and shall also provide such Officer or Officers with rood and sufficient Food during the time of his or her being placed >n board, and shall land such Officer or Officers at such Place.vithin such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, as such superior

3flicer or Officers aforesaid shall direct; and for any Neglect or 55 Geo. III. H h Refusal

4 66

C. 82.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid.

14 & 15 Car. a. (1.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106. ftc.

Appeal.

Refusal in any of the cases aforesaid, such Owner, Master or other Person having charge as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties, by this Act granted or allowed, and made payable, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Directions as areap. pointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties, Drawbacks or Bounties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Inland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Inlaid, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling tit Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Hein and Succefon, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Mmgt-ment of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of tie Commissioners of inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or A As in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

INCREASED DUTIES of Customs to be paid and DRAWBACKS to be allowed upon the following Goods, in lieu of former Duties and Drawback! 00 the like Articles.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, the Growth and Produce of Great Britain, imported directly from thence into Ireland -

For and upon every Hundred Weight of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark and other Vegetable Substances imported into Ireland, to be used for the Purpose of Tanning Leather, and for nd other PurDafe whatever, not bemar; th* Mam

DUTY. drawback.

British Currency. . s. d. British Currency.  s* d.

092 0 0 1

re 1 s; 0*'-sif

SCHEDULE {A.)  continued.

C. 82.

467

From 12th Day of May 181J, until Jth Day of January 1817, indufive. From 5th Day of January 1817, until 5th Day of January 1820. From and after 5th Day of January 1820.

Duty. Drawback. Duty, j Drawback. Duty. Drawback.

British Currency. British Currency. British Currency.

. x. d. . x. d. , s. d. . x. d. 2 . f. d. . x. d.

r- n O  032  039 

0 2 7 032  0 39 

038  048   5 7i 

027 032 39

0 2 8 O I I 0 3 4 0 1 4 0 3 it} 018

038 O I IO 0 4 7 023 0 j 6 029

I 10 4 0 12 8 I 17 II 0 15 11 256 0 19 2

099 0 4 1 O 12 2 0 5 1 0 H 7* 062

I 10 4 0 12 8 I 17 II 0 15 11 256 0 19 2

0 19 6 082 I 4 4 0 10 2 194 0 12 4

027 0 v 8 33 0 2 t o $ Ilf 018

Silk, the Growth or Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company

the East Indies, For every lb. cor taining sixteen Ounces Avoirdupois Weight of

Knubs or Hulk Silk, the lb. Raw Silk; videlicet,

- Bengal

Raw Silk, thelb,

- of any other Sort, thelb.

Waste Silk, thelb. , the Growth or Produce of any other Place,

For every lb taining sixteen Ounces Avoirdupois Weight of

Knubs or Hulks oi Silk, the lb. Raw Silk, the lb. Thrown Silk, or ganzined, dyed,

.. not dyed, thelb.

- not organ-zined, dyed, the lb.

- undyed, the lb.

Waste Silk not otherwise enumerated or described, thelb.

4 6S

C. 82.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (B.) COUNTERVAILING DUTIES.

From the 12th Day of May 1815, until 5th Day of January 1817 inclusive. From 5th Day of January 1817, until 51 h Day of January 1820. From and alter the jth Day of January 1820.

Upon Silk Manufactures of Great British Currency. British Currency. British Currency.

Britain imported into Ireland,

Upon every lb. containing 16 . /. d.  s. d. . t. d.

Ounces Avoirdupois, of All Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the lb. All Silks and Ribbons of Silk O <- O 061 0 7 4

mixed with Gold and Silver,

the lb. All Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing 064 0 7 II 096

Silk, the lb. All Manufactures of Silk'not O 2 IO 0 3 7 0 4 4

otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. 0 39048 0 5 8

All Stuffs of Silk and Grogram

Yarn, the lb. All Stuffs mixed with Incle or 0 1 1 014 0 1 8

Cotton, the lb. All Stuffs of Silk and Worsted 018 021 026

mixed, the lb. All Stuffs of Silk mixed with 009 O 0 II 0 1 2

any other Material, the lb. 0 1 2 016 0 1 10

SCHEDULE (C.)

BOUNTIES on EXPORTATION of the SILK MANUFACTURES of Ireland to Foreign Countries; videlicet,

Manufactures of Ireland made of or mixed with Silk, exported under the Regulations required by Law; videlicet.

Upon every lb. containing 16 Ounces Avoirdupois Weight of ' Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the lb.

Gauze or Oapes, the lb.

N.B. Two Thirds on Gauze, One Third of Crapes, to be deducted for Gum or I^refs*'

Silk Stockings, Gloves. Fringes, Laces, Stitching or SeW-ing Silk, the lb. f fc '*'

- tof '

British Cunacy.

. i

JS GEO. III. C. 83. 4<S?

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties of Customs on Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, having been imported into either Country from the other.

[14th June 1815 ]

WHEREAS by the Acts passed in the Parliaments of Great 39* G, J % Britain and Ireland respectively, for the Union of Great C^Q q

Britain and Ireland, it is, among other things, enacted, that His c ^8.

Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall be entitled*to the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing generally in respect to Trade and Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies, and that all Duty charged*on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country ' shall, on their Export to the other, be either drawn back, or the*Amount (if any be retained) shall be placed to the Credit of the 1 Country to which they shall be so exported: And Whereas Duties of Customs are imposed in Great Britain and Ireland respectively ' on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported in i?n7i/&-built Snips, and higher Duties of Customs are imposed*on the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize, if imported in Foreign*Ships; and Doubts may arise what Duties Foreign Goods are liable to, which, having been imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, are afterwards imported into either Country from the other j* Be it therefore enacted and declared by The KingT$

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Im- What Import portation of any Foreign or Colonial Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Duty paid on into Ireland from Great Britain, or into Great Britain from Ireland tn^>ritalju respectively, which shall have been previously imported from Foreign colonial Goods Parts into the Country from which the same shall be exported to the mlo e; ther other, such Import Duty of Customs shall be paid and payable as if Country from such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, had been imported from the other. Foreign Parts either in a Foreign Ship or in a British Ship, according as they were in fast first imported from Foreign Parts into the Country from whence they shall be exported to the other.

II. And, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether any such Goods,

Ware8 or Merchandize were first imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in a British or Foreign Ship, be it enacted,

That in every Cocket or Clearance of any Foreign Goods, Wares or Clearances to Merchandize, which shall be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, specify whether or from Ireland to Great Britain respectively, it shall be specified Gtxxl* j* and set forth whether such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, were first Bnu '

imported in a British-built Ship, or in a Foreign Ship into the vefl-eu*Country from whence they shall be so exported to the other, and the Import Duty of Customs on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

shall be payable in the Country into which they shall be imported from the other accordingly; and if it shall not be expressed and set forth in such Cocket or Clearance of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, whether the same were so first imported in a British Ship H h 3 or

47

C. 83* 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815

or in a Foreign Ship, then and in such case such Goods, Wares an< Merchandize, shall be and be deemed liable to such Import Dutie of Customs in the Country into which they shall be imported fron the other, as if the same had been imported into such Country in 'Foreign Ship; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Irdrn to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland it is, among other things enacted, that certain Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of either Country, imported into each Country from the other, shall be subject tc certain specific Duties in the said Acts mentioned, and that anj

Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of enhei

Country, which are or may be subject to Internal Duty, or ta

Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be nnde

subject on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to Countervailing Duties in manner in the said Acts

mentioned, and certain Articles specified in a Schedule in the fa'4 Acts contained are subjected to the Countervailing Duties tkr: r 4 set forth, liable to be taken off, diminished or increased, in man in the said Acts specified; and it is provided that upon the Expect of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty, which shall be payable on such Articles on the Import thereof into the same Country from the other: And Whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Drawbacks payable under the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Exportation of any of the said Artides to Foreign Parts, or to the Country from whence the same

When Goods were imported Be it therefore dedared and enacted, That imported into whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce either Country or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, which shall be exported ^a^ have keen imported into either Country from the other, shall be Exporter al-exported from either Country to the other, or to Foreign Parts, lowed Drawback the Exporter of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Hull be equal to Duty, entitled to and shall be allowed and shall receive a Drawback equal ftc* to the full Amount of the Duty, whether countervailing or other,

which shall have been actually paid on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when the same were imported into Great Britain or Inland respectively from each other, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67. Art. 6.

40 G. 3. (I.) c. 38.

Proviso for Drawback payable by Law.

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid*

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter. increase

by Law on any ( latter or Thing

or diminish any Drawback

or merchandize, Article, I_.. 4

Great Britain or Ireland respectively to foreign where the specific Amount of such Drawback is or tamed by any Act or Acts in force or to be W force in pr Ireland respectively,

B-M'

55 GEO. III. C. 83, 84.

471

as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying, paying and applying of Duties and Drawbacks payable oa Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain or Ireland respectively, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as is provideo in and by the said Acts or any of them in Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from Ireland and into Ireland from Great Britain respectively, as well for Sale as for Private Use, Foreign Wines of any Sort in Bottles or Flaiks, in Packages, each of which shall contain at the least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flaiks, upon Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of Customs as Excise due and payable on the Importation of such Wines into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, provided that such Wines shall be imported in British or Irish-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in such Manner, and under and according to such and the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, and subject to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, relating to the Duties of Customs and Excise, so far as the same are applicable thereto; and in case any Foreign Wines in Bottles or Stalks shall be imported in any less Quantity or otherwise than in such Packages, and in such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, the same shall be and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise in Great Britain or Ireland remedively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Appeal.

Foreign Wines in Bottles, Sec. containing Six Dozen Quart Bottles, or Stalks imported into either Country from the other.

Ad amended, See.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to fixing the Limits of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay: and also so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to granting Letters of Administration to the Effects of Persons dying intestate within the several Presidencies in the East Indies, to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Courts 5 and to enable the Governor in Council of the said Presidencies to remove Persons not being British Subjects, and to make Provision for the Judges in the East Indies in certain Cases.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, made and paned in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Intituled an Act for continuing in the East India

H h 4 ' Company,

33 G* 3* 5a*

C. 84.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Limits of Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay.

Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limita lions; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenue: and Profit of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay; ' it was, amongst other things, enacted, that if any Question should arise touching or concerning the true Limits and Extent of the Towns and Factories of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay respectively, or any of them, the same should be enquired into by the Governor General in Council at Fort William, in respect to the Limits and Extent of Calcutta, and by the Governor in Council at Fort Saint George in respect to the Limits and Extent of Madras, and the Governor in Council at Bombay in respect to the Town of Bombay; and that such Limits as the said respective Governments by Order in Council should declare and prescribe to be the Limits of the said Towns and Factories respectively, should be held, deemed and taken in Law as the true Limits of the same j any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas by reason of the Increase of the Population of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, it is expedient that the several Governments of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay in the East India, should be further empowered, in manner herein after mentioned, to extend from time to time the Limits of the said several Towns May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council at Fort William in Bengal, from time to time, as circumstances shall in their Judgment require, to extend the Limits of the Town of Calcutta; and to and for the Governor in Council at Fort Saint George, from time to time, as circumstance* shall in their Judgment require, to extend the Limits of the Town of Madras; and to and for the Governor in Council at Bombay, from time to time, as circumstances shall in their Judgment require, to extend the Limits of the Town of Bombay; and that such extended Limits as the said respective Governments shall from time to time, in and by their respective Orders in Council, or by their Regulations, declare and prescribe as aforesaid to be the Limits of the said Towns respectively, shall, from the time of publishing such Orders in Council, or Regulations by Proclamation, at the respective Presideodo* be held, deemed and taken, as and for the true Limits of the same; wd from time to time, as any Extension shall be made thereof dU Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities which by virtue of any Act Acts of Parliament, or any Charter or Charters, or

Usage, shall or may be bounded or rej fifid Towns respectively, shall thenCefor

473

& A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 84.

m Towns, shall be valid or effectual, until it shall have been sanctioned,

: s or shall have been authorized to be made and passed by the Court of

K Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading

jo to the East Indies, with the Approbation of the Board of Com-|i missioners for the Affairs of India.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and 39 & 40G. 3.

4 Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled y/r; c-79*

[i*for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the

; j 4 British Territories in India, and for the better Administration of

within other things, that  ai

ver any British Subject should die intestate, within either of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George or Bombay, or the Territories subordinate or to become subordinate thereto,

and on Return of the Citation to be issued from the proper Ecclesiastical Court, no next of Kin or Creditor should appear and make ' out their Claim to the Administration of the Effects of the Intestate to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it should and might be lawful for the Registrar of such Court, and he was thereby required to apply for, and such Court was thereby directed to grant Letters adcolligenda or of Administration, to such Registrar, in manner

as the said Act set forth: And Whereas the said Act doth not expressly provide for the cases of Executors or Administrators, or Persons entitled to Administration, as herein after mentioned, not resident within the Jurisdiction of such Courts, who may have appointed Attornies resident or being the rein; and it hath been doubted whether the said Courts were not required under the said Act, to grant Letters ad colligenda or of Administration to their Registrars, in preference to Attornies so appointed; and it is fit that such Doubts be removed Be it therefore enacted and declared, That when the Executor or Administrator lawfully ap- Letters of Ad-pointed, or the Person entitled to Administration as next of Kin ministration to or residuary Legatee with the Will annexed, of any Person deceased, 0

whose Effects shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of any of the said xeCU rs* Courts in respect to the granting of Administration, not being

resident within the Jurisdiction of such Court, shall have appointed or shall hereafter appoint, either by Power of Attorney under Seal, or by any other sufficient Authority, to be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, any Person or Persons resident or being within such Jurisdiction to act for such Executor or Administrator, or Person entitled to Administration as aforesaid, in collecting or administering in any manner the Effects of the Deceased, the Person or Persons so appointed shall be entitled to obtain Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, either General or Special, as the Tenor of such Authority and the [nature of the case may require, preferably to the Registrar of such Court, and all other Persons to whom such Executor or Administrator, or Persons entitled as aforesaid would have had a preferable Claim, if personally resident within the Jurisdiction of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That where any such Letters ad Letters of Ad. colligenda or of Administration shall have been granted to the Re- mjiftrat>on to giftrar of such Court, and Application shall be afterwards made 651 v<?

by any Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid for the Revocation thereof, in order to grant other Letters to such Person or Persons, the Letters so granted to such Registrar shall be revoked.

C. 84.

l'roviso.

[Proviso.]

Not to afT& Rights of Persons entitled to Probates of Wills or Administration of Effects of Persons deceal'ed before passing of Ad, he.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

unless it shall appear to the said Court that there has been tinreasonable Delay, either in the Transmission of the Authority under which such I Application is made, or in making such Application: Provided always, that when any Letters ad colligenda or of Administration shall have been actually granted to the Registrar of any such Court by virtue of the Ad hereinbefore recited, and shall he revoked on the Application of such Attorney or Attornies as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Court, if they shall think fit, to direct that the whole or Part of any Commission, in respect to the Administration of Assets which may arise or become due by virtue of any reasonable Custom, obtaining within the Jurisdiction of such Court, shall be allowed to such Registrar out of any A (lets which may have come to his Hands, regard being had to the Trouble and Responsibility actually incurred, and to the Service rendered by the said Registrar in the Collection of such Afsets: Provided also, that nothing in this Act Ad contained shall be con (trued to render necessary the taking out of Letters ad colligenda or of Administration from any of the Court! aforesaid, by any such Attorney or Attornies, otherwise than it would have been if this Act had not been made; and that no Claim or, Right to any such Commission in respect of Administration of Effects as aforesaid, shall be deemed to accrue to any such Attorney or Attornies by reason of Letters ad colligenda ox Administration, taken out by him or them in virtue of such Authority as aforesaid, nor any I other or further Commission than would have been payable to him or them as Agents, either according to the usual and reasonable Rates of such an Agency, or by special Agreement.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not, nor shall any thing herein contained, in any wise prejudice or affect the Rights, Claims, Actions, Suits or Appeals of any Person or Persons being entitled or claiming to be entitled, either as Principal or Principals, Attorney or Attornies, to the Probate or Probates of any Will or Wills, Codicil or Codicils, or Letters ad colli-genda or of Administration of the Goods, Chattels and Effects ofany Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act; nor the Rights, Claims, Actions, Suits or Appeals of any Person or Persons claiming or suing, or to claim or sue for the Recall or Repeal of any Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, granted of the Goods, Chattels or Effects of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act, which may have been or shall be granted to any such Registrar as hereinbefore mentioned; nor to the Rights, Claims, Actions, Suits or Appeals of any Person or Persons claiming or to claim as Executors, Legatees, or next of Kin of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act, in any way relating to the Goods, Chattels, Property, Estate or Effects of such deceased Person or Persons, or to the Transactions, Acts, Deeds, Negleds, Defaults, Inter-meddlings or Accounts of any such Registrar relating to any such Goods, Chattels, Property, Estate or Effects, or under or by Pretence of any Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, which may have been granted to him; nor in any way to entitle any such Registrar to any Commission, Compensation or Allowance in respect of any thing done or to be done by him in relation to the Goods, Chattels, Debts, Credits, Estate or Effects of any Person or Persons who shall have died before the passing of this Act, which he would not

16 have

475

il! A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. in C. 84.

a have been entitlrd to if this Act had not been passed 5 but every

set? Person being entitled to or claiming any such Probate or Probates,

\bi Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, or to have any such

sb Letters ad colligenda or of Administration, recalled or repealed, or

a'j having or being entitled to or claiming or to claim any such Cause or Causes of Action, Suit or Appeal, shall be entitled thereto, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and to prosecute and carry on fcj the same, in the same manner as he, die or they would have been en-a: titled if this Act had not been passed.

j, V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Re-y gidrar of any of the said Courts shall be appointed Administrator

# under the aforesaid Act, besides filing an Inventory and Account of Current according to the Tenor of the Administration Bond and the

j usual course of the Ecclesiastical Court, he shall enter into a Book

i to be kept by him for that purpose, separate and didind Accounts

of each Estate, and of all such Sums of Money, Bonds and other

Securities for Money, Qoods, Effects and Things, as shall come

t to his Hands, or to the Hands of any Persons employed by him, or

in trud for him by virtue of any Letters ad colligenda or of Administration granted to him under the Authority of the said Act, and likewise of ail Payments made by him for or on account of the said Estates, and of all Debts due by or to the same, specifying the Dates of such Receipts and Payments respectively; which said Book shall be kept in the Registrar's Office, and shall be open for the Inspection of all such Persons, Practitioners in the said Courts or others, as may have Occasion to insped the same, at Office Hours, paying such reasonable Fee as may be fixed therefore by the said Courts, and no more; and the said Regidrars shall twice in every Year; that is, on the Fird Day of March and the Twenty second Day of OBobery or on the Fird Day after those Days on which their respective Courts shall be fitting, exhibit and deliver in open Court, a true and perfect Schedule of all Sums of Money, Bonds or other Securities, received on account of each Estate remaining under their Charge, together with the Payments made thereout, and the Balances; and also of all Administrations whereof the Balances shall have been paid over to the Persons entitled to the same, since the Period of exhibiting the lad Schedule, specifying the Amount of such Balances*.and the Persons to whom paid; which Schedule shall be filed of Record in the said Courts, and shall within Fourteen Days afterwards be published in the Gazettes of the Presidencies within which such Courts are respectively situated, by the said Regidrar, who shall likewise cause Copies thereof, in triplicate, to be delivered to the Chief Secretary at such Presidency, and the same shall be transmitted by the respective Governments at such Presidencies to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, who, upon the Receipt thereof, shall cause the same to be published in the London 1: .:, <.?>

*}Y!. And Whereas it is expedient that the several Governments

in the East Indies should be enabled to prevent Subjects of Foreign

States from residing or sojourning within the British Territoriesthere, against the Consent of such Governments respectively; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council, and to and for the Governor in Council or, Chief Officer fot the time being of any Presidency, or of any Place

Registrar, when appointed Administrator, to enter in Book separate Accounts.

Regidrars to exhibit Schedule of Money, Sec. received on Account of Estates under their Charge, Sec.

Removal of Persons not being British Subjects.

47<S

C. 84.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18i;

iUnicfl li.'-T

Place not being subordinate to any Presidency under the Government of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to cause Notice in Writing to be given to any Person, not being a Native of any Part of the British Territories in India, or within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, other than such natural born Subjects of His Majesty as may from time to time lawfully resort to or reside in the East Indies, to remove himself or herself from such Presidency, or from all or any Part of the Briti/i Territories in the East Indies, as nftay be deemed expedient, within a time to be limited by such Notice: And in case any such Person shall not obey such Notice, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council or Governor in Council or other Chief Officer, as the case may be, of the Place where such Person shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and brought before the Court of Civil or Criminal Judicature, to the Jurisdiction whereof such Place may be subject; and upon Proof being made upon Oath to the Satisfaction of such Court, by any credible Witness swearing to his Knowledge or Belief, dating the Ground of such Belief, that such Person is an Alien and the Subject of a Foreign State, and that such Notice as aforesaid has been served on such Person, either personally or by leaving the same at his Dwelling-house, unless such Person shall prove that he is a natural born Subject of His Majesty authorized to reside in India, or a Native of the British Territories in India, or within the Limits of the Charter of the Company, for the making which Proof reasonable time and Opportunity shall be allowed by the said Court, such Person shall be remanded by the said Court into the Cudody of the Govenor General, Governor or Chief Officer, who shall, as soon as may be, cause such Person to be removed in such manner as his or her Rank, State and Condition in Life shall require, by the first convenient Opportunity, to the Country or Place to which he or she shall belong, if he or she shall be willing to go thereto, or otherwise to such Country or Place as the Governor General, Governor or Officer by whose Authority he or she shall have been apprehended or shall be detained, shall be of opinion shall be most proper, regard being had to the Convenience of the Person to be removed, and the Peace and Security of the British Territories in the East Indies, and of the Allies of His Majesty and the East India Company, and of any neighbouring Princes or States; and in the mean time and until such Person can be conveniently and properly removed, it shall and mar be lawful to detain him or her in such Custody or under such Guard as the Person by whose Authority he or she shall have been apprehended or shall be detained shall see fit and necessary, so as that the Person detained may be put to as little Inconvenience as shall be, consistent with the Object of his or her Detention: And in oft any such Person, having removed him or herself in pursuance of any such Notice, or, having been so removed, shall again wilfully return to any Country or Place from which he or she shall have bad Notice to remove, without the Consent of the Government or Chief Officer of the Place to which he or she shall so return, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General in Council, or Governor m Council, or Chief Officer of the Place where such Person shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and detained in safe Custody, until he or she shall be discharged out of Custody,

such so k[ of t of I Su 1 imo fi*

[Junk removed.]

U A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 84.

'a such Terms and Conditions as the Governor1 General in Council,

rjjJ Governor in Council or other Chief Officer at the Place where he or

V (he shall be detained, shall deem sufficient for the Peace and Security of the British Territories, and of the Allies of His Majesty and of the East India Company, and of the neighbouring Princes and States.

[Proviso.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to carry Warrant or Au-, into Execution any Warrant or Authority for the Apprehension, tJlority for AP* g Detention or Removal of any such Person or Persons as- aforesaid, Prehension-notwithstanding he, she or they may be in Custody, or delivered to^Bail, or in Execution on any Civil Process, and notwithstanding k any Licence, Privilege or Protection whatsoever; any Law, Statute t or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that N^no British Subject, nor any Native of the British Territories in India,

9 or within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, shall be

[Proviso.]

apprehended, detained or removed, by virtue of any of the Provisions herein contained, nor shall any thing herein contained in any wise I alter or affect any Law or Statute under or by virtue of which any'British Subject may resort to or is restrained from resorting to the I East Indies: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful to apprehend, detain or remove any Person being the Subject of any Foreign State, under or by virtue of this Act, in any way inconsistent with any Treaty made or to be made by His Majesty or the East India Company, and to the Benefit of which such Person shall be entitled.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh 37 G. 3. c. 14a.

Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Ad- $ a'

miniflration of Justice at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the

Native Princes in India, it was enacted, among other things, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under

certain Limitations in the said Act expressed, to direct the Payment of a Yearly Sum out of the Territorial Revenues in India to any Chief Justice or other Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, who should have resided in India as

4 Judge of the said Supreme Court for Seven Years; and to any Re- 3

corder of the Court of Judicature at Bombay, who should have re- $ a*

sided in India as such Recorder for Five Years, and who, from Age, Infirmity or other Cause, to be approved by His Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, should return to Europe, not exceeding to any such Chief Justice Two thousand Pounds per Annum, to any such Judge Fifteen hundred Pounds per Annum, or to any Recorder of Bombay Twelve hundred Pounds per Annum: And Whereas also by the Act hereinbefore mentioned of the Thirty 39 k 40 G. 3.

ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, c* 79* 

that it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

under certain Limitations therein also expressed, to direct an Allowance from the said Revenues to any Chief Justice or Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, who should have resided in India for Seven Years, either as Chief Justice or Puifnfi Judge of the said Court at Fort William, or of the said Court at Madras, and should return to Europe, for any such Cause, and with such Approbation as aforesaid, not exceeding, to such Chief Justice Sixteen hundred Pounds per Annum, nor to such Puifnfi

4 Judge

478

A.D. 181

C. 84.

55 GEO. III.

Chief Ju'.tice or Judge of Fort William, 8a, resigning.

Allowance.

[Proviso.]

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Judge Twelve hundred Pounds per Annum: And Whereas it

expedient that Provision should be made respecting the said I

lowances, in case of the Promotion or Removal of any Person frc ' any of the said Courts to any other thereof, and also in case

the Resignation of any Chief Justice, Judge or Recorder of a

of the said Courts, with the Approbation of His Majesty, althou

the Person so resigning should not return to Europe; Be itthei fore enacted, That where any Person shall have resided in India Sev Years, either as Chief Justice or Judge of His Majesty's Suprei Courts of Fort William or Madras, or Recorder of Bombay, a shall, from Age, Infirmity or other Cause, to be approved of by h said Majesty, resign such Office, it shall be lawful for His Majesty direct the Payment out of the Territorial Revenues, to such Perfo of a yearly Sum not exceeding the highest Rate of Allowani limited by the said Acts to such one of the said Offices of CM Justice or Judge at Fort William, Chief Justice or Judge at Main or Recorder at Bombay, as the said Person shall have ruled, provide he shall have filled the same for Four Years at the least; and thi such Allowance shall be payable to such Person, although he fha not return to Europe: Provided that if such Person be thereafti re-appointed to any of the said Offices, such Payment shall froi thenceforward cease.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall h commenced against the said United Company, or any of their Sei vants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any thing don in pursuance or under colour of this Act, until Twenty Days'Node shall have been given to the said Company, or to the Person a Persons respectively against whom the same is to be brought, 0 after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been mad to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Yean next afte the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Defendant 0 Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the Genera Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at an Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuanc and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done or that a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been mad before the Commencement of such Action or Suit, or that fod Action or Suit hath been commenced after the time limited so bringing the same, or in any other manner than as directed by the Act, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; and in fud case, or in any other cases wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall fc come iionsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after th Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or wherein Jndgmes shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demons or Objection in nature of a Demurrer, or where a V'* ment m nature of a Verdict, shall pass for the Defe-J' ants, be or they shall have Treble Costs awarded, > respective Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action orf

5 jo GEO. III.

47*

A.D. 18IJ.

C. 8j.

fej

tti

CAP. LXXXV.

rh An Act to amend and continue for One Year and until Twelve k Months after the Termination of the present War by the

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Two Acts of

M His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist and serve as Soldiers in His Majesty's Ser-J vice; and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to j, Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, under cer-

1) 4 WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the 44 G. 3. c. 7s*

I*W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A ir enabling

1 4 Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His j fly's5tor-

1 4 vice, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects

il 4 of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain j| 4 ReJlriSions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised I 4 His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Com-I 4 mifftons as aforesaid: And Whereas another Act passed in the 4^G. 3. c. 23.

4 Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, pcjfed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary,

under the present circumstances, that the said Acts should be amended and continued for a further Period; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, continued. Authorities, Provisions and Clauses therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby continued for One Year, from the Period of the Expiration of the said Acts respectively, and until Twelve Months after the Termination of the present War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Foreigners no:

of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person born out of the J )d Commis-United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Dominions than*

thereunto belonging, to hold a Commission in any other Regiment, those specified. Battalion or Corps in His Majesty's Service than the Regiments,

Battalions or Corps in the said Acts specified, unless such Person shall by the Laws of the Realm be entitled to tie Rights and Privileges of natural born Subjects of His Majesty.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Act not to -this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to His J?*to Slxti*t'1 Majesty's Sixtieth Regiment of Foot, or to the holding of Com- Repment'c* millions in the said Regiment, nor to any Officer not being a natural

bora Subject of His Majesty, or entitled to the Rights and Privileges of a natural born Subject of His Majesty, who shall at the time of the passing of this Act tojld any Commimon in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps inHia Majesty's Service, or to prevent any such Officer from continuing to hold such MCommission, 9r to ac-

tain restrictions.

[14th June 1815.]

cept

Act amended. cc.

46 G. 3. 0. 117. continued.

[54 G. 3. C. 125.]

5 G. 3. c. 39.

Trinity House to make Regulations, with respect to Pilotage of small Foreign 8hips,

C. 85, 86, 87. 55 GEO. .ni. A.D. 1815

cept and receive any higher Regimental Commission in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended altered or repealed by any Act which may be passed in this Sessio of Parliament.

[Srr post. c* 126.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act made in thi Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting tfc Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber so: Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North Atntm

[14th June 1815.

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experinci been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that tlx

fame should be further continued j* Be it therefore enacted bj The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ii this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That an Act, made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty' Reign, intituled An Act to permit, until the First Day of Januan One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Majis, Tari and Bowsprits, or of Timber Jitfor Naval Purposes, from the Britt (1 Colonies in North America, Duty-free; which said Act was, by 1: Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, hl! continued until the End of the present Session of Parliament, ihal be, and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty fist! Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to relieve certain Foreign Vessels resorting to the Por of London, in respect of Pilotage 5 and to regulate the Mod of Payment of Pilotage on Foreign Vessels in the said Port.

[14th June 1815.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Fifty fecor

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A

for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilots^ a

Ships and Vessels on the Goaf of England, certain Rates of Pile!

age, in the Schedules to the said Act mentioned, are made p"'

able for and in respect of Ships and Vessels of all Descrip:

according to their Draught of Water: And Whereas it is

dient that further Provisions should be made for Relief of

Foreign Vessels as come to the Port of London with Fist, Cor

other Provisions Be it therefore enacted by The Kin Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, fro< after Ae passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Crap of Trinity-House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby author

andmpoiyqrcd-; from time to time to make all such Regulation.

main

A.D. 1815. sic GEO. III. C. 8f. 4-81

relation to the piloting of Ships not having a British Register, bringing Fish, Corn or other Provisions into the Port ot London, for the Eale and Relief of such Ships and Vessels, in respect of the Rates or Amount of Pilotage now payable or demandable for such Ships and Vessels, or for the Exemption of such Ships or Vessels from any such Rates, or Amount, or from any Rules or Regulations as to the Pilotage of such Ships or Vessels, under the Provisions of the said Act or of any other Act of Parliament relating to Pilotage, or under any Rules, Restrictions or Regulations made in pursuance of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, to be piloted by Pilots licensed by the said Corporation, as the said Corporation of Trinity House shall from time to time deem just, proper and expedient, in relation to such Ships and Vessels respectively; any thing in the said Act or Acts, or in any Rules or Regulations made under or in pursuance thereof contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, in order to prevent Impositions and Disputes respecting Payment of the Charges for and the Payment of the Pilotage of Foreign Ships Filotage.

and Vessels trading to and from the Port of London, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Master or Commander or other Person having the Charge of every Ship or Vessel, not having a British Register, required by Law to be piloted by a Pilot licensed by the said Corporation, which shall enter into or fail from the said Port of London, or the Consignees of or Agents for such Ships and Vessels respectively, shall pay or cause to be paid at the Trinity House in London, to such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be in that behalf appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House, all such Sums of Money as are or shall be or become due and payable for the Pilotage of every such Ship or Vessel; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Corporation shall (on the Production of a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of the Master or other Person or Persons having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel or of the Consignee of or Agent for such Ship or Vessel, or in case of any Refusal, to grant Certificate upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation, that such Pilotage Service was duly performed) pay over to the Pilot duly licensed, who shall have had charge of every Ship or Vessel, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to such Pilot, for or in respect of such Pilotage Service so by niro performed; any thing in the said Act or Acts, or any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And, in order the better to facilitate the ascertaining and settling the Amount of the Pilotage Outward of Foreign Ships and Vessels in the Port of London under the Authority of this Act, be

it further enacted, That the Rates or Amount of Pilotage Outward p^g^out-to be payable and paid in respect of all such Ships and Vessels, shall, ward of Foreign from time to time be calculated and made out according to the Scale Vessels afeer-or Amount of the Tonnage of every such Ship and Vessel, upon or tained. according to which such Ships and Vessels shall be rated in the said 1 Port of London, to the Payment of the Light and Port Dues of such \ Ships and Vessels respectively, or according to the Draft of Water jjthereof, as the said Corporation of Trinity House shall in their Dif-jeretion think most proper; any thing in the said Acts or any of them ite the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

55 Geo. III. Ii IV. And

i

Certificate cf Payment of Pilotage given.

SA G.g. c. 8i. 5-

Grand Jury at Assizes may make Present-roentsfor Cods adjudged at Sessions.

C. 87, 88. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Petfonj to be appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House to receive the Pilotage in respect of Foreign Ships and Vessels under the Authority of this Act shall, upon his or their receiving such Pilotage, give to the Person paying the same a Certificate in Writing thereof undtr his or their Hand or Hands; and that no Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be cleared at the Office of His Majesty's Customs in the said Port of London on her Outward-bound Voyage, without the Pto-duftion of such Certificate as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for rendering more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

that when it shall appear that any Defendant against whom any Sum for Costs and Expences shall have been awarded on a Trial and Conviction, in manner therein mentioned, has not any Goods or Chattels on which such Sum can be levied, as therein provided, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at the Affixes at which such Trial shall be had, to make a Preferment for levying such Sum, in manner in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas the Trials in those cases in which Costs are by the said Act authorized to be given, usually take place at Sessions of the Peace, and not at the Assizes; and it is reasonable that the same Provision should be extended to such cases; Be it therefore enacted byTbe King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ' and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at every Assize and Presenting Term in Ireland, to makfe one or more Presentment or Presentments for levying, in like manner as in the said Act is mentioned, all and every such Sum and Susa* at any time subsequent to the First Day of the then immediate pus ceding Assizes for such County shall Or may, at any Seffi&n df thfc Peace held in and for such County, or in and for any Distti& fir Place within such County, have been ordered or adjudged tb bettM for Costs, Expences and Lofa of time, in manner in thefkidAwted Act provided, by any Defendant who shall appear not to fcffe: Goods or Chattels on which such Sum can be levied as and that every such Presentment shall be made in the and shall he of the same Force and Effect in all rfeffteQty said Act is provided in case of Presentment* made r Expences under the Provision* of the feidAdtata

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

483

to

C. 89.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for making Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court*Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland, it is, among other things,

enacted, that whenever any such Court House shall have been*erected for any County in Ireland according to the Provisions of the said Act, if it shall so happen that the same shall be built within ' a County of a City or County of a Town wherein the Assizes or ' Presenting Term for such County have been usually held, the said ' Court House with its Appurtenances shall be deemed and taken*to be Part and Parcel of the County at large for which the same shall have been built as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient to amend and extend the said Provision; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Court House in Ireland, whether erected according to the Provisions of the said Act or not, which is or shall be built for any County at large within a County of a City or County of a Town within which the Assizes or the Commission of Oyer and Terminer of or for such County at large shall have been usually held, shall, with their Appurtenances thereof, be and be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County at large for which the same shall have been buiit.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever such Tenement shall cease to be a Court House of such County, whether by reason of the building of a New Court House or otherwise, then and from thenceforward such House and the Scite and Appurtenances thereof shall be and be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County of a City or County of a Town within which the same shall be so situated.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury at any Assizes or Presenting Term in Ireland, to present such reasonable Sum or Sums as they shall think proper for providing Fuel for each and every or any Court House or Court Houses in or belonging to their respective Counties, and also such Sum or Sums as a Salary or Payment for the Keeper of any such Court House, not exceeding Twenty Pounds in any one Year for any such Court Keeper; which Sum or Sums so presented shall be levied off the County at large in the usual Mode of County Prefen tments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Sum so presented shall be paid by the Treasurer of such County until some one Person, to whom such Sum so to be presented for Fuel shall be payable under such Preferment, shall produce to such Treasurer an Affidavit sworn by him before a Justice of the Peace for such County (which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) Rating that I i 2 the

53 G. 3. c.xji.

Court Houses built within County of City, &c. deemed Part of County atlarje

but only while Court House is used as such for such County.

Fuel provided for Court Houses, and Salary for Keepers.

Money how provided.

C. 89> 9* 55 GEO: III. A.D. 18rj.

the Sum require*! to be paid hath been duly expended in the Purchase of Fuel for the Use of such Court House pursuant to such Present-inent, and that the whole of such Fuel had been consumed in the said Court House, and for the Use and Benefit thereof; or if any Part of such Fuel shall not have been gonfumed, dating how much thereof has been consumed, and that the Residue then remains in safe keeping to be applied to the Use of the said Court House in like manner. Act altered, Sec, y. And j, e jt further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XC.

3G.3. (I.) ftlj. 6-

Limitation of Actions agjinft Canal Companies in Ireland.

An Act to explain an Afc made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative to Inland Navigations there, so far as relates to the Limitation of Actions against Canal Companies and others.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend certain Law

relating to the Inland Navigations of this Kingdom, it is, among

other things, enacted, that if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against the Companies or Persons in the said Act mentioned, who have respectively undertaken the making and finishing of Canals and Inland Navigations in Ireland, or any Person or Persons acting under them or any'bf them, for or in respect of

any Matter or Thing by them or any of them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of other Acts relative to Inland Navigation, or the making Canals in

Ireland, such Action or Suit shall he commenced within Three Months after the alleged Cause of such Action or Suit shall have commenced, and not afterwards: And Doubts have arisen whether such Limitation of Actions extends to all Actions that may be

brought against such Companies or Persons; and it will tend greatly to the Promotion and Advantage of Inland Navigations in Ireland, that the said Limitation as to Actions should be extended generally in favour of the aforesaid Companies and Persons in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asseinbled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Action or Suit whatsoever shall be brought or commenced against any Companies or Persons who have respectively undertaken the making of Canals and Inland Navigations in Ireland, or against any Person or Persons acting under such Companies or Persons, or any of them, for and in respect of any Matter or Thing whatsoever, by them or any of them done or executed, by virtue of or in pursuance of any Acts pasted in Ireland, or in force in Ireland, relating to Inland Navigation or the making Canals there, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the alleged Cause of such Action shall have accrued and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action may plead the

>8lL

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 90, 91.'4$$*

General Issue, and give this Act and the recited Act of the Thirty General Iflut. second Year and any other such Act or Acts and the Special Matter in Evidence on every Trial to be had thereon; and that such Matter or Thing was done or executed in pursuance of and by Authority of some or any of the aforesaid Acts relating to Inland Navigation and the making Canals in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Limitation ef contained shall hinder or prevent any Person or Persons who may A^ion* have been affected or injured by any Act, Matter or Thing heretofore done or executed by any of the aforesaid Companies or Persons, or by any Person or Persons acting under them, and who now hath or have any Cause of Action against any of the aforesaid Companies* or Persons for or by reason of such Matter or Thing, from commencing any Suit at Law or in Equity for Relief against the same, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; any thing in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses, in Cases of Felony in Ireland.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS many Persons are deterred from prosecuting or attending to give Evidence against Persons guilty of Felony*in Ireland, upon Account of the Expence attending such Prosecutions and Attendance: And Whereas it is just and reasonable, and may tend in future to the Prevention of Crimes, and to the due*Prosecution of all Offenders against the Laws in Ireland, that every Prosecutor and every Person appearing on Recognizance or*Subpoena to give Evidence, should be allowed his reasonable Expences; and also in case he be poor, a reasonable Satisfaction for*his Trouble and Loss of time; and that such Allowance should be*made, even though the Person accused be acquitted, provided it shall*appear to the Court before whom the Prisoner shall have been*tried, that there was a reasonable Ground of Prosecution, and that the Prosecutor had bona Jide prosecuted; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and ci.urit before may be in the Power of the Court before whom any Person shall tried fw^elony have been tried and convicted of any Felony whatsoever in Ireland, may a|jow prJ. or before whom any Person shall have been tried and acquitted of any fecutor his Ex-Felony whatsoever in Ireland, in case it shall appear to the said Court pences; and if that there was a reasonable Ground of Prosecution, and that the said Pr>a Recom-Prosecutor hath bona fide prosecuted, to order, upon Prayer of the said Prosecutor, the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall have been alleged to have been committed, to pay unto such Prosecutor such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to the>

Court the Prosecutor was bona Jide put unto in carrying on such Prosecution; making, in case the said Prosecutor shall appear to the^

Court to be in poor circumstances, a reasonable Allowance to such I i 3 Prosecutor

4 <S

C. 91, 93. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Fm.

Court may allow Expences of Witness'es and Recompence in like manner.

Fee.

Grand Juries to make Presentments for Ex-pances, &c.

Prosecutor for Trouble and Loss of time; which Order the Clerk of The Crown, or Clerk of the Peace respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto such Erofecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, County of a City or County of a Town, is hereby authorized and required, out of any Public Money then in his Hands, upon fight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Prosecutor, or other Person authorized to receive the same, such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be in the Power of the Court where any Person shall appear on Recognizance or Subpoena to give Evidence as to any Felony whatsoeverin Ireland, whether any Bill of Indictment be preferred or not to any Grand Jury, provided the said Person shall, in the Opinion of the said Court bona Jide have attended the said Court in Obedience to such Recognizance or Subpoena, to order the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such Person such Sum of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Expences which it shall appear to the said Court the said Person was bona Jide put unto by reason of the said Recognisance and Subpoena; making, in case the said Person shall appear to the said Court to be in poor circumstanceB, a reasonable Allowance to such Person for Trouble and Loss of time; which Order the Clerk of The Crown, or the Clerk of the Peace respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such Person, upon being paid for the same the Sum of Six pence and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, County of a City or County of a Town, is hereby authorized and required, out of any Public Money in his Hands, upon fight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Person, or to any other Person authorized to receive the same, such Som of Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Grand Jury at each and every Assizes and Presenting Term in Ireland, and they are hereby required, to present all such Sums as shall have been so paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, under any such Order, and which shall not have been previously presented; such Sunds to he so presented either on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, or on any Barony, Half Barony or Parish, which (kalPtfitty appear to such Grand Jury to be justly and peculiarly liable tB&tto.

A.D. 1815.

C. 9?.

487

55 GEO. Iir.

such of the Provisions thereof as have been found useful, nvith v9Amendments, the Grand Juries at the several Assizes and Pre-

9 fenting Terms in Ireland are empowered respectively, after Pre- 5.

fentments duly made as therein mentioned, to contract with any litPerson or Persons for building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing,

9 altering or enlarging any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, as in the said Act is mentioned, or any Buildings is*or Conveniencies belonging thereto, at a certain Sum, Payment or k9Allowance for the same, such Contrador or Contradors giving9sufficient Security by Recognizance in Double the Sum to be count9traded for, and to be approved of by such Grand Jury, for the

y 4 due Performance thereof, to the respective Clerk-s of the Peace:

n9And Whereas it is expedient to amend and alter the said Provisions

19in manner herein after following Be it therefore enacted by The

t King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

5 of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

ti Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Security given 5 and after the pafSng of this Act, the Security to be so given by any>y Contractors

{ such Contrador shall be in Manner and Form here following, and no Bondto The

other; that is to say, the same shall be by Bond to His Majesty, 5^ W his Heirs and Successors, to be made and executed by such Contrador or Contractors, and Two other Persons, to be approved of as sufficient Sureties by such Grand Juries respectively, in Half the Sum to be contracted for; which Bond shall be conditioned for the due and faithful Performance and Fulfilment of such Contract, and for the due and faithful Expenditure and Application in and to or towards the Fulfilment of such Contract, of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be advanced to such Contrador or Contradors for that Purpose from time to time, by the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town; and every Bond attested by such Bond shall be attested by the Clerk of the Peace, and by the Clerk of Peact, Secretary to the Grand Jury; and such Secretary shall make Two &c-Copies Copies thereof, and shall keep One of the said Copies in his Office ^inafdeposited at for the Use of the future Grand Juries, and shall deliver the other Exchequer, of such Copies to the Treasurer of such County, to be kept in ilia Office; and such Clerk of the Peace shall cause such original Bond to be forthwith deposited in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, with the proper Officer for keeping Bonds to His Majesty, who shall forthwith file the same in the proper Office of the said Court.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Treasurer Treasurer of shall have in his Hands any Money applicable to the Purposes of County may ad-such Presentment, whether such Money shall have been advanced to vance Money to such Treasurer from His Majesty's Treasury, or by any Individual Cntra^?r ^rom or Individuals pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, or shall ATdIvitTof*n have been levied pursuant to such Presentment; then and in every Cuntrader. such case it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer, and he is hereby required to advance thereout to such Contrador or Contractors, for the Purposes of such Presentment, any Sum which such Contrador or Contradors may require, by Application in Writing under his Hand, with the Approbation of Three of the Commissioners to be appointed by the Grand Jury under the said recited Act, for causing such Presentment to be carried into Execution and Effect, to be testafied by the Signature of the said Commissioners to the said Application* not exceeding at any one time One Fourth 1 i 4 Part

Advances net to interfere with Payment of In* ilalments by Treasurer.

Treasurer to preserve Affidavit of Contractor.

Perjury. Treasurers to make Comycn-lation for Plans and Estimates.

[Proviso.]

Act amended, &c.

4J G. 3. c. 68.

C. 92, 93. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Part of the Amount of the Sum for which Security fhaB have been given as aforesaid; and that when and as soon as any Sam so advanced shall have been fully and faithfully expended, in, upon and towards the Execution and Fulfilment of such Contrask, and that the same shall be made to appear by the Affidavit of such Contractor or ContraAors, which Affidavit any Justice of the Peace for such County, County of a City or County of a Town, is hereby authorized and required to take, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer to make a further Advance in like manner, and with the like Consent of such Three Commissioners, to be testified as aforesaid, and so on from time to time, as long as he shall have any such Money in his Hands.

III. Provide^ always, and be it enacted, That no such Advance shall be made out of any Money in the Hands of any such Treasurer, which shall he applicable by Law to the Payment of any Instalmenti on any Sum previously advanced to such Treasurer as aforesaid from His Majesty's Treasury, or by any Individual or Individuals.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit, so made by such Contractor or Contractors, shall be kept by such Treasurer in his Office, to be produced when necessary; and that if any such Contractor shall swear falsely therein, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be punished accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That whensoever and so often at any Plan and Estimate for the building or rebuilding any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correctioi^or other Prison, shall have been submitted to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and such Plan'and Estimate shall have been approved, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or Prison shall be situate, and he is hereby required to pay to the Commissioners appointed by the Grand Jury for superintending such Work, or to the Order of such Commissioners, such Sum as may be required by such Commissioners for the Payment of the Expences incurred in procuring Plans and Estimates for such Work, and in adverting for Contractors to execute the same: Provided always, that a Certificate, signed by such Commissioners, or Three of them at the least, shall be previously lodged with such Treasurer, stating that the Sum so required by them has been fairly and honestly expended in obtaining such Plans and Estimates, and in advertising as aforesaid, which Certificate shall be kept by such Treasurer in his Office, to b$ produced when necessary.'

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, during the present Session of Parliament*.

49

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 93.

Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; it is enacted, that, 36.

from and after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the Republic of France, it should and might be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trad- ing to the East Indies to expose to Sale, either for the Purpose of

being worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Persiay China or the

East Indies, that should have been or might thereafter be secured

in the Warehouses of the said United Company, subject nevertheless to the Duties by that Act imposed thereon, and that all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties should have been paid, should and might be worn and used in Great Britain, or fold

or exposed to Sale therein, and should not be subject to Seizure 1 or Forfeiture; and that the Person or Persons who should wear or

use the same, or who should sell or expose to Sale the same, or have the same in his, her or their Custody or Possession, should not be

liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines whatever on

account thereof: And Whereas by another Act, made in the ' Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 49 0.3. c. 98.

for repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof a Permanent Tab. B.

Duty of Customs of Twenty five Pounds Twelve Shillings and

Six pence, and also a Temporary Duty of Customs of Eight ' Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten pence is imposed for every One hundred Pounds of the Value of Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed,

stained, painted or dyed, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and < secured in Warehouses: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said first recited Act as is herein recited, and also the said Duties of Twenty five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six pence and Eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten pence respectively; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this Act, the said recited Provision contained in the said Act of the Forty third (a VYear of His said Majesty's Reign, and also the said Duties (b) of Twenty five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six pence, and Eight rounds Ten Shillings and Ten pence respectively, shall be and the same respectively are hereby repealed. repealed.

(a) [See ftmilar Provision, 49 G. 3. c. 98. 23, 24.]

(b) [These Duties were repealed, 54 G. 3. c. 36.  i.j

II. And VHiereas it is also expedient to repeal an Act made -40*3*

in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for imposing an Excise ' Duty on Silk Handkerchiefs sold by the East Inaia Company for 1 Home Consumption; fee it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said last mentioned Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed. repealed*

L

49

C.p4

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1ffij.

48 G.3. e. no.

51 G. 3. c. zoi. J* G. 3. c. 153.

[54 G. 3. c. 103.]

made perpetual.

Letters Patent, Sec. in force.

Advocate and Solicitor General of Scotland dded to Commissioners.

Commissioners

sworn.

Oath.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Etuou-

ragemcnl and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fi/bery;

and another Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for amending the said Act; and another Act ' was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to rectify a Mistake, and to carry into more effectual Ex.

ecution the Purpose8 of the last recited Act; which several Act

were, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, continued c in force until the end of the present Session of Parliament: And

Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be amended and

made perpetual j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts shall, subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, be and the same are hereby made perpetual, and from the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen all Letters Patent, Appointments, Rules, Regulations, Orders and Di* reftions granted, made or given under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, and in force at the time of paf&ng this Act, shall be good and effectual, and remain and continue in force, unless or until any of them shall be altered, varied or annulled, under any of the Powers or Authorities of the said Acts or of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to appoint the Advocate and Solicitor General for Scotland, or either of them for the time being, to be Commissioners, in addition to the Number authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Herring Fishery.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person hereafter to be appointed One of the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, shall before he proceeds in Exe* cution of any of the Powers and Authorities vested in the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act save only in the adguuftoug the Oath herein after mentioned), take and subscribe the foUqwing Oath; that is to say,

T A* B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, aCQQfdi

X to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute

Powers and Tmfts reposed in me by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of His Maj n Tr '^A

intituled An Act \htre insert the Title

is amended by Two Acts passed in i YearnoL the Reign of His pre '

fina eootm wrrw a a.:

Intent and Meaning of the said Acts; and that I am not, directly or indirectly, concerned as an Adventurer in the White Herring*Fishery, or as a Curer of Herrings; nor will I, so long as I Aiall continue to act as a Commissioner under the said Acts, be concerned, either directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fishery, or as a Curer of Herrings. So help me GOD.'

Which Oath any one of the said Commissioners may administer to the other or others of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall, and they are hereby required to deliver* in annually, on or before the First Day of Not)ember in every Year, to the Board of Trustees or Commissioners for Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, appointed under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, a full and accurate Report of their Proceedings for the Year preceding; and shall also cause to be laid before each House of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session, a Copy of the said Report, signed by the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery.

V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof it is, among other things, enacted, that on every Barrel of White Herrings, containing Thirty two Galions,

and which shall be exported to Foreign Parts, there shall be paid 4 a Bounty of Two Shillings and Eight pence Be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of the said Act as is above recited be and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is, among other things, enacted, that there shall be paid for every Barrel of White Herrings caught in the British Fisheries and landed in Great Britain, and which shall be cured and packed according to the Directions of the said Act, a Bounty of Two Shillings; Be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said Bounty of Two Shillings shall cease and determine, and in lieu thereof a Bounty of Four Shillings a Barrel shall be granted; which Bounty of Four Shillings shall be paid for every Barrel of Herrings which shall be caught, landed, cured and packed according to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, and which shall be produced to and inspected by the proper Officer of the Fishery after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Master and Crew of any Buss or Vessel fitted out for the British White Herring Fishery in the Deep Sea, under the Regulations of the said Acts, to take Cod or Ling, and to cure the same with Salt to be taken on board for that Purpose; such Cod or Ling to be flowed in Bulk; and that in every Instance where Cod or Ling shall be so taken, cured and flowed on board any such Buss or Vessel as aforesaid, the same shall be saved and excepted out of that Part of the Oath prescribed to be taken by the Master of every such Bufror Vefie on hie Return from the said Fishery, wherein such

Master

Reports made of Proceedings.

43 G- 3* c. 69* Sch. (C.) tit. Bounties.

repealed.

48 G. 3. c. 1 iow

3.

to cease.

New Bounty.

Crews of Deep Hea BufTes may frlh Cod or Ling*

48 G. 3. c.li* 22.

Superintemlant of Deep Sea Fishery to proceed, after it is over, to Biys and Coasts.

[Penalty.]

Superintendant

nf Loch jnd

Coast Fishery appointed.

48 G. 3. c. no. 9.

His Duty.

C. 94. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18r$

Matter 15 required to swear that no Fish other than Herrings were taken by the Crew of the said Buss or Vessel.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officer who shall be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to superintend the White Herring Fishery in the Deep Sea, to proceed, after the Deep Sea Fishery shall be ended, to such Place or Places on the Coast of Great Britain as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall direct, there to preserve Order among the Persons employed in the Herring Fishery carried on on the Coasts and in the Bays of Great Britain; and the said Officer shall have and exercise the like Powers as are hereby given to any Superintendant to be specially appointed for the Loch and Coast Fishery pursuant to this A &; and any Person or Persons who shall impede or obstruct such Officer, or any Person employed by him in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given him, shall be liable to the like Penalty as is hereby imposed on any Person or Persons obstructing such Superintendant as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, upon the Application of the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, from time to time to appoint' a Commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Navy, as Superin. tendant of the British Herring Fishery carried on in the Lochs and upon (the Coast of Great Britain, not in the Deep Sea, for the Purpose of preserving Order among the Fishermen and other Persons engaged in the said Fishery as aforesaid; which Person so to be appointed Superintendant, shall take an Oath in such Terms and before such Persons as by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is required to be taken by the Superintendant of the British Herring Fishery carried on in the Deep Sea; and it shall be lawful for such Commander and Superintendant of the Loch and Coast Fishery, or any Person acting by his Order, at all times whenever he shall think fit to go on board any of the Vessels or Boats employed in the Fishery under his Superintendance, and to inspect the Certificate of Registry, Excise Permit, Licence, Certificate of Fishery Officers, and the Account kept by the Mailer, or other Document, which is or are respectively required by Law to be on board such Vessel or Boat; all which the Mailer of every such Vessel or Boat shall produce and deliver to the said Superintendant or other Person aforesaid upon Demand, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Superintendant or other Person aforesaid, is hereby empowered to detain any such Vessel or Boat, till all or any of such Documents shall be produced and delivered to him; and all Powers given by the said Act to the Superintendant of the Deep Sea Fishery, to enable him to preserve Order in the said Fishery, shall extend to the Superintendant of the Herring Fishery in the Lochs and on the Coast of Great Britain, and to every Officer of the Fishery, wherever such Officer shall be appointed or employed to execute the Duties of his Office; and all Penalties imposed by the said Act on any Person or Persons, for refilling the Superintendar.: of the Deep Sea Fishery, or for refilling any Officer of the Fishery in the Execution of the Powers given him by the said Act, shall extend to every Person or Persons refilling the Superintendant of the Herring Fishery in the Lochs and on the Coast of Great Britain, or any Person or Persons acting under him, or any Officer ol

493

55 GEO. III. C. 94.

K the Fishery respectively, in the Execution of the Powers hereby extended to him or them for preserving Order in the said last mentioned

Fishery.

Ifi X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Net forfeited Superintendant

by the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year (a) of His Majesty's 2S*eNctfc10

Reign, shall and may be seized by any Superintendant of the Her-

& ring Fishery, or any Person acting under his Orders, or by any

1.Officer of the Fishery. (a) [48 G. 3. c. 110. 12.]

i XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Herring Net shall Herring Nets

1 be set or hauled in any River or Loch in Scotland, or at any Place j, ec or hj!uled 00

on the Coast thereof, or within Two Leagues of the same, after or*

i Twelve of the Clock at Night on Saturday, and before Twelve of

1.the Clock at Night on Sunday, or having been set before Twelve

1 of the Clock at Night on Saturday, shall not be hauled before the same Hour; every such Net shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Superintendant of the Herring Fishery, or any Person employed under him, or by any Officer of the Fishery.

XII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year 29 G. 2. c. 25.

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti- 4-

tuled An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it is, among other things, enacted, that the Staves of all Barrels in which White Herrings shall be packed 1 or put up in Scotland, shall be at least One Half Part of an Inch

in Thickness throughout, of made work; and that if any Barrel

containing White Herrings shall be found to be of less Thickness

than One Half Part of an Inch in any Part of the said Barrel, any ' Officer of Customs or Excise is thereby authorized and required to

seize the same; and upon Proof thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish shall forfeit both

Fish and Barrel: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as is above recited should be amended, and the Operation

thereof extended throughout Great Britain f Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand What Barrels eight hundred and sixteen, no White Herrings shall be'cured, packed white Herring* or put up in Great Britain, or on board any Vessel or Boat employed cured>&c-, n* in the British Herring Fishery, in any Barrel which shall be made in Whole or m Part of Fir, or which shall not be One Half Part of any Inch in Thickness throughout of made work, or which shall not contain Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure; and that if any White Herrings shall be cured, packed or put up in any Barrel which shall be made in Whole or in Part of Fir, or which shall not be One Half Part of an Inch in Thickness throughout of made work, or which shall not contain Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure, all such Herrings, with the Barrel containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Forfeited. Fishery, Customs or Excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Commissioners Herring Fishery be and they are hereby empowered to fix and deter- empowered to mine, by Rules or Regulations to be made by them for that Purpose, J^i*?re(h^the Content or Capacity of every Measure commonly called a Cran, Herrings bought by which Fresh Herrings, taken in the British Herring Fishery, shall and fold, be bought and sold; afib the Form or Dimensions thereof, the Sort or Sorts of Wood of which it shall be made, the Thickness of every Part thereof, the Number and Dimensions of the Hoops with which

it

L

m

[Penalty.]

48 G. 3. c. no. |J0-

Regulations for clearing out Vessels (other than Busses on Tonnage Bounty) for British Herring Fishery.

48 B-

C. 94. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

it shall be bound, and whether the Whole or what Part of such Hoopi shall be of Iron; and also to determine and direct what Marks or Characters shall be set, and upon what Part or Parts of every such Measure; as also to appoint a fit Person or Persons, at such Plac$ or Places as they shall think proper, to examine the same; and upon finding any such Measure to be conformable in all respects to the Rules or Regulations to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to cause such Marks or Characters as aforesaid to be branded thereon with an hot Iron in his Presence, according to the Rules and Regulations aforesaid; and if at any time after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Cran or Measure, not so marked or branded as aforesaid, shall be made use of in the buying or receiving, felling or delivering of Fresh Herrings in the British Herring Fishery, or on any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain, every Person so making use thereof shall forfeit the said Cran or Measure, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall cause the said Cran or Measure to be destroyed; and that the Provisions made by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, against the fraudulent branding of Barrels of Herrings with any Mark or Character by that Ad appointed to be branded thereon, by Order and in Presence of an Officer of the Fishery, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Subject of this Provision, and be put in Execution against any Person or Persons fraudulently branding any Measure called a Cran with such Marks or Characters as mail be appointed by the said Commissioners, or with any Marks or Characters counterfeiting the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vessel or Boat, for which it is not meant the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed, shall be intended to be fitted out at any Port or Place in Great Britain, where an Officer of the Fishery shall be Rationed for the British Herring Fishery, it shall be lawful to ship Salt, Netting, Barrels and other Stores, on board such Vessel or Boat, without the Presence of such Officer; provided the Person intending to ship the same shall first give such Notice thereof in Writing to the said Officer of the Fishery, and therein specify such Particulars as by the said Act are required; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Officer to give Permission under his Hand to such Person (to be written at the Foot of the said Notice) to ship or put on board the Stores therein specified; and when the same shall be so shipped or put on board, the Shipper shall make a Declaration thereof under his Hand, to be subjoined to the said Permission, and return the same to such Officer; whereupon the said Officer, being satisfied of the Truth of the said Declaration, shall give the Mailer of the said Vessel or Boat a Certificate, that the said Stores, specifying the Quantities and Sorts thereof, were respectively entered and declared to be shipped, mentioning the Name of the said Vessel or Boat, and the Name of the Matter thereof; and such Certificate shall be of the same Force and Effect under the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, and of this Act, as if the said Salt, Netting, Barrels or other Stores, had been shipped in Prefmce of an Officer of the Fishery, and a Certificate had been granted by such Officer to the Effect prescribed in such cases by the said Act

y

: &; 7;

iaft

55 GEO. III.

c. 94.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Net which according to the Tenor of the said Act may not be used for the taking of Herrings, shall be shipped or put on board any such Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act or in this Act contained, relative to any Vessel or Boat which shall be intended to be or which shall be fitted out for the British Herring Fishery, with Salt, Netting, Barrels or other Stores, or which shall proceed to the said Fishery having on board Salt to be used in the curing of Herrings, or on board of which Herrings shall be cured, or which shall return with the Herrings so cured to any Port of Great Britain, so far as relates to the Requisites directed by the said Act and this Act to be performed by the Person or Persons intending to fit out such Vessel or Boat, or by the Matter thereof, or as relates to any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby provided for any Default in or Contravention of any of the said Requisites, shall extend or be construed to extend to the case of any Boat in which Salt shall be shipped or put on board for the said Fishery, or which shall return with Herrings cured with such Salt to any Part of Great Britain; provided such Boat shall not exceed the Burthen of Four Tons.

XVII. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Forty

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is, among other things, enacted, that the Matter of every Vessel or Boat

which shall proceed to the British Herring Fishery, having on

board Salt to be used in the Curing of Herrings, shall keep an Account (among other things) of the Quantity of Herrings which

he shall cure or cause to be cured every Day, and the Quantity of

Salt used in the Curing thereof; which Account, signed by him, the said Matter shall bring, with the Herrings which shall have been

cured on board thereof, to any Port of Great Britain to which the said Vessel or Boat shall return or arrive for the Discharge thereof, and shall verify the same on Oath before such Officer, as therein

mentioned \* Be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires that the Quantity of Salt used every Day be specified in such Account as aforesaid, and as relates to any Penalty or Forfeiture for the Omission thereof, is hereby repealed; and that the Matter of every such Vessel or Boat shall, before the same Officer in whose Presence he shall, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, verify the Account of the Particulars by the said Act required to be specified therein, and not hereby dispensed with, make Oath what Quantity of Salt has been used or expended in the Curing of the Herrings (mentioning the Number of Barrels, or, if cured in bulk, the Number of Herrings) specified in the said Account, and that no Part of the said Salt was embezzled, fold or in any manner disposed of, otherwise than is expressed in the said Account; which Oath shall be so made by the Matter of such Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, before any Herring, Salt or other Fiffiing Stores, shall be landed or unffiipped with Intent to be landed out of the same, under the like Forfeiture as is provided by the said recited Act in case such Account as aforesaid shall not be verified on Oath as thereby required.

XVIII. And Whereas by the said Act it is, among other things, enacted, that the Bounty thereby granted shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings which (acadag other things) were

not

A9S

Unlawful Nets forfeited.

48 G. 3. c.ne. 12.

Regulations for clearing out Vessels for and discharg'ng them from the British Herring Fishery, not to extend to Boats which (lial) not exceed Burthen of Four Tons.

48 G. 3. C. 2IO. 33. 34.

in part repealed*

Maflersto make Oath what Quantity of Salt used, &c.

48 G.J. c. it#. 353*-

49<S

C. 94.

; j GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Declaration of Transhiptnent verified at Port of Landing.

not originally gutted; and further, that the Matter of any Veil or Boat laden with Salt or other Stores for the British Herrin Fishery, or any Person having Salt stored on Shore at any PIa< where the said Fishery is carried on, and intending to cure Herrinj therewith, shall each of them respectively keep an Account (amon other things) of the Quantity of Herrings cured every Day, an of the manner in which the lame were cured; that is to fai whether they were cured, gutted or ungutted; Be it furtbc*err, "5s enacted, That no Herrings shall be deemed to be gutted within th eeme gutte.meaning Gf t}ie said Act or this Act, unless they were guttec cured and packed within Twenty four Hours after they were take or caught.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where th Matter of any Vessel or Boat arriving from the British Herring Fishery in any Port or Place in Great Britain, having on board Her rings cured with Salt which had been carried from any Port or Place in Great Britain to the said Fishery in a different Vessel, shall bring with the said Herrings a Declaration, signed by the Mailer of the said Vessel or Boat in which the said Salt was carried to the Fishery (with a Copy indorsed thereon of the Certificate by the Officer of the Fishery, in whose Presence or by whose Permission the Salt wa>

shipped), such Declaration expressing the Name of the Vessel or Boat in which the Herrings shall be shipped, the Name of the Mailer thereof, the Number of Barrels of Herrings shipped or put on board the same, with the Marks set on the said Barrels respectively, the Day on which the Herrings contained in each of the said Barrels respectively were cured, and the manner in which the same were cured, and what Quantity of the Salt specified in the said Certificate was used in the Curing thereof, as is directed by the said Act of the 48 G. 3. c.no. Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty; the said DedaratioD, 33. although it shall not have been verified on Oath by the Mailer of the

Vessel in which the said Salt was carried out, as by the said Act of; the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty is required, shall be

of the same Force and Effect as if the same had been so verified; provided the Matter of the Vessel or Boat so arriving and having on board the said Herrings, shall make Oath at the Foot thereof, before the Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place where he shall so arrive, that there was no Officer of the Fishery at the Place where the said Herrings were shipped or put on board, before whom the said Declaration could have been verified, and that he verily believes that the said Declaration is true.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having Salt stored at any Place on Shore where the HerringFiibery

andfoUveretUoJ8 carr*e<^ on> begin there to cure Herrings with fu5i Salt 3< proper Officer aforesaid, before having given such Notice of his Intention so to do

of Fishery. to the proper Officer of the Fishery, as is required by the said A

made in the Forty eighth Year (a) of His Majesty's Reign; or if such Person or Persons shall not keep such Account thereof at required by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His pres Majesty, and this Act; or if the Curer of such Herrings shall Miver such Account thereof to the proper Officer of the I' fi^upost Oath before inch Officer as required by ti

Year of His present Majesty, and tl W so*G. 3. r.iio. <$350

Act;

[Proviso.]

Herrings cured on Shore, Ac-

497

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 94.

Act; every such Person so offending shall not only be entitled to * no Bounty in respect of such Herrings, but also (unless the Quantity of Salt which he shall have stored as aforesaid shall not exceed Thirty Bushels) shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Pounds, aw*XXI. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that such Officer of the 31' 4 Fishery shall deliver a Copy of such Account, and of such Oath

so 4 thereon as aforesaid (certified by him to be a true Copy) to the

sit ' Person by whom the same shall be so delivered and verified, as by

e 4 the said Act is directed Be it further enacted, That so much of

qt the said Act as is above recited, be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that the said Officer shall, in lieu of such Copy, so deliver to such Person as aforesaid, a Copy of so much only of the

qj said Account as shall relate to Herrings cured gutted; and in case

si the Curer thereof shall produce the Whole or any Part of the Her-

fj rings comprised in such Copy to the said Officer, at the Place where

I the Herrings were so cured, in order to obtain thereon the Bounty

j|j hereby granted, such Curer shall thereupon deliver up the said Copy

j to such Officer; and in case the said Curer shall have so produced

y a Part only of the Herrings specified in the said Copy, the said

j Officer shall give him a Copy of the said Account, as far.as relates

j to the Residue of the said Herrings; and the like Proceedings shall be had as often as any Part of the said Herrings shall be so produced at the Place where the same were cured as aforesaid; and that every such Copy as aforesaid shall be certified by the said Officer of the Fishery to be a true Copy of or Extract from the Account of the said Curer, verified by him upon Oath, specifying the time when and Plate where it was so verified.

XXII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, it is, among other things, enacted, that the Bounty thereby granted on White Herrings shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings contained in any Barrel on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been set at the Fishery as is directed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, or which shall not remain

thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the same were cured, and that the same were cured gutted; and further,

that if any Herrings packed in any such Barrel shall be produced to an Officer of the Fishery, to be branded in his Presence, and ' certified by him, for the Purpose of obtaining the said Bounty,

all such Herrings, with the Barrels containing the same, shall be

forfeited: And Whereas Herrings unpacked out of Barrels in which they were originally cured, cannot be repacked into the same Number of Barrels, and it therefore becomes necessary, when the Herrings packed in any Number of Barrels are intended to be

repacked, that an additional Number of Barrels be provided to

contain the Surplus of the said Herrings which shall remain after the original Number of Barrels shall have been filled with such

Herrings Be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act a is above recited, shall not extend to such additional Number of Barrels, or any of them, which shall be so provided; and in which such Surplus of the said Herrings shall be so repacked as aforesaid, or to the., Herrings contained therein; nor to any Barrel, or the Herrings therein contained, which Barrel shall be different from

55 Geo. III. K k that

[Penalty.]

48 G. 3. c. 1 ic. 32-

in part repealed.

Copy of Part of said Account relating to gutted Herriut.s, delivered by Officer to Curer.

48 G. 3. c. lie. 3 &.

5 38-

In what case not to extend to additional Barrel*, &c.

A.D. 181

Oath,

Bung, packed Herrings branded for Bounty repacked, and surplus Barrels branded; but n Bounty allowed thereon.

Pronto.

1

C. 94. 55 GEO. III.

that in which the same Herrings were originally cured and packc in case such last mentioned Barrel shall have been rendered unfit I accidental Damage to contain such Herrings; but every Barrel such surplus Herrings, or of Herrings repacked out of such anotli Barrel rendered unfit by accidental Damage to contain the same aforesaid, shall, upon the Oath of the Curer thereof, verifying t Fast before the proper Officer of the Fishery, be deemed to in the same Plight or Condition, within the Meaning of the fa Act and this Act, as if the Barrel were the same in which t Herrings were originally cured, and on which the like Marks Characters were set at the Fishery, as directed by the said Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Curer or Pn prietor of any Number of Barrels of Herrings Bungpaeked, c which the Bounty granted by the said Act or this Act shall ha\ been allowed, shall intend to repack the same with Great Salt ia th same Barrels, and as many in Addition thereto as with the origina Number shall be necessary to contain the same in a repacked State the said Curer or Proprietor shall give Twenty four Hours' Notic in Writing under his Hand, of his said Intention, to the prop? Officer of the Fishery; and if upon Production of the said Her rings so repacked as aforesaid, the said Curer or Proprietor shall upon the Request Note (which, according to such Regulations ai shall be made by the said Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, hi shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the said Officer make Oath before him that the Herrings contained in the Barreli so produced (mentioning the Number) in a repacked State, arethe very same Herrings, without any Addition or Mixture whatever that were originally in a bung-packed State contained in that Part (mentioning the Number) of the said Barrels, whereof each it branded with Marks or Characters denoting that the Bounty granted by the said Act or by this Act was allowed or paid thereon; and if the Barrels of Herrings so produced shall, upon due Inspectior and Examination, be found by the said Officer to be each of them well cured, properly repacked, and in all respects such as a Barrel of White Herrings, on which the said Bounty is claimed or allowed, ia by the said Act and this Act required to be, he shall cause each of the said Barrels in which the said Herrings were originally cured, and in which the greater Part thereof are now repacked, to be branded with such Marks or Characters, in addition to those eady branded thereon, as the Comraiflioru shall direct, and as shall denote that tl*by what Officer the same were inspect and examined after the repacking thereof; and the said Officer fh cause each of the Barrels in which the remaining Part of the said Herrings shall be repacked, to be branded with such Marks or Characters as by the said Act or this Act are directed to be branded thereon, in case the same were produced to the said Officer in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Act, and had been by hir deemed to be entitled thereto, with such Addition to the same as the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall think fit to direct, and as shall denote that the same are so branded under the Authority of this Provision: Provided always, that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed, nor shall any Certificate be granted for that Purpose, In respect of any such Barrel or Barrels of Herrings repacked and

brand

which shall have been air for the Herring Fishery same are repacked, and

by

branded with such Marks or Characters, and with such Addition thereto as last above mentioned, but that the same shall nevertheless be liable to Forfeiture in all cases where any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, on which the said Bounty shall have been allowed, would by the said Act or this Act be liable thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Herrings cured Herrines cured otherwise than in Bulk, shall be mixed with Herrings cured in Bulk, otherwise than whether packed or not j nor shall any Herrings cured in Bulk,

or any Herrings which, although otherwise cured, shall have been "J c^d iner" afterwards laid in Bulk, be packed in any Barrel or Calk, unless Bulk, the Word " Bulk" shall have been first branded thereon in manner herein directed; and if any Herrings cured otherwise than in Bulk,

shall be mixed with Herrings cured in Bulk; or if any Herrings cured in Bulk, or which, although otherwise cured, shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, shall be packed in any Barrel or Calk,

Barrels or Calks, unless the Word w Bulk" shall have been first branded thereon in the manner herein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible j all such Herrings, with the Barrels or Forfeited.

Calks containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or Customs.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Herrings in Herrings cured Bulk shall be brought or imported into any Port or Place in Great in Bulk packed Britain from the British Herring Fishery, or from any other Port m B*r*cl*

or Place in Great Britain, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions, mar e u*such Herrings shall upon the Landing thereof be conveyed to a Place proper for the packing of the lame, and shall there without Delay be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Bulk"

shall have been first branded in the manner herein directed, and shall not afterwards be laid in Bulk; and if any Herrings in Bulk brought or imported from the British Herring Fishery, or from any such other Port or Place as aforesaid, shall not upon the landing thereof be conveyed to such Place as aforesaid, or shall not there without Delay be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Bulk" shall have first been, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards shall be branded in the manner herein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible, or, having been so paeked, shall be afterwards laid in Bulk, the said Herrings, with the Barrels or other Packages in which the same shall be contained, shall be for- Forfeited, feited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that no Herrings cured or laid in Bulk, which shall be intended to be made into Red Herrings, and which on the landing thereof shall be conveyed to a Manufactory of Red Herrings, shall be required to be packed in Barrels so marked as directed by this Act; nor shall any Herrings cured or laid in Bulk, which on the landing thereof were packed in Barrels on each of which the Word " Bulk" shall have been branded in the manner herein directed, be forfeited for being afterwards taken out of such Barrel at a Manufactory of Red Herrings, provided the same shall be immediately put in Process for being made into Red Herrings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Herrings, being Refute of Red the Refuse of the Manufactory of Red Herrings, shall be packed Herrings paeked, in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Refuse" shall have been^fked branded in the manner herein directed; and all such Herrings not packed in Barrels on each of which the Word " Refuse" shall be so

A.D. 181

Forfeited.

Barrels containing Herrings cured in Pickle, in tight Vars, &c. not marked Bulk.

Regulations regarding White Herrings imported from Ireland, &c.

Forfeited.

Proviso for 48 G. 3. c. no. 40.

Ante, 12.

jt

C. 94. 55 GEO. III.

branded, and shall remain distinctly legible, as well as all Herrin whatever mixed with Herrings of the said Description, wheth packed or not, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized I any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XXVII. Provided always, That so much of this Act as enafl that Herrings cured otherwise than in Bulk shall not be mixed wi Herrings cured in Bulk, and that Herrings cured in Bulk shall ro be packed in any Vessel or Cask unless the Word " Bulk" shall hat been branded thereon in manner herein directed, shall not exten or be construed to extend to Herrings cured originally in Bulk, 1 tight Vats, Pits, Citterns, Hogsheads, or Cafka of a larger Size tha Hogsheads, and therein preserved in the Pickle produced by thei original Cure, till the same shall have been packed in Barrels, an* which, having been so packed in Barrels, shall not have been after wards laid in Bulk; or to any Herrings cured otherwise than ii Bulk, mixed with Herrings so cured as last above described.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Whitt Herrings, packed in Barrels or Casks, shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain, from any Port or Place ir Ireland, the Isle of Man, or from any other Island or Colony undei His Majesty's Dominion, the Barrels or Casks containing the said Herrings shall have been, or within Twenty four Hours after the landing thereof and before the same shall be put into any Warehouse, shall be branded with such Word or \V0rd9 as after mentioned respectively; that is to say, if imported from any Port or Place in Ireland, with the word " Irish if imported from the Isle of Many with the word " Manx if imported from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, with a Word or Words descriptive of the Name of such other Island or Colony re* i'peftively; which Word or Words shall be branded on every fuel Barrel or Cask respectively in the manner herein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible; nor shall any such Herrings be afterwards packed in any other Barrels or Casks, unless such Word or Words respectively as aforesaid shall have been so branded f hereon as aforesaid; nor shall any such Herrings be laid in Bulk, or mixed with any other Herrings, unless the same shall be so laid in Bulk or mixed in a Manufactory of Red Herrings, for the Purpose of being made into Red Herrings; and if any White Herrings, imported in Barrels or Casks from any such Port or Place as is above mentioned, shall be found in Bulk, or mixed with any other Herrings unless as aforesaid, or packed in Barrels or Calks on which such Word or Words shall not have been branded respectively, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible as aforesaid contrary to this Act, all such Herrings, with the Barrels or Cask* containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs: Provided always, that nothing in the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year 0! His Majesty's Reign, or in this Act contained, relative to iV Size or Thickness of the Barrels or Half Barrels in which Whins Herrings shall be paeked, or against their being made of Fir, 0: relative to the Exportation of White Herrings, shall extend cr be construed to extend to White Herrings imported in Barrels or Calk from Ireland, the Isle of Many or from any other Island or Color

1

- '

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 94. 501

under His Majesty's Dominion, such Barrels or Calks being branded in the manner herein directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Word or Size of Letters Words is or are by this Act directed or required to be branded where Words on any Barrel or Calk, the same shall be so branded with an hot Iron landed on  on the Bulge thereof, in legible, conspicuous and permanent Letters, Barrels, whereof each shall not be less than One Inch and a Half in Length.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Barrel of Herrings Herrings repacked or bung-paeked, shall be deemed entitled to the Bounty ofj, |teen1 Days m Four Shillings per Barrel granted by this Act, unless a Space of ti^d toBounty. time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from and after the Day when the said repacked Herrings were originally cured and paeked, and before the Day when the same were begun to be repacked, or unless a Space of time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from and after the Day when such bung-packed Herrings were originally cured and paeked, and before the Day when the same were completely bung-packed; and if any Barrel of Herrings repacked or bung-packed shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to obtain the said Bounty, not being entitled thereto according to the Provisions of this Act, the same shall be Forfeited, forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty of Four Bounty not paid Shillings per Barrel granted by this Act shall not be paid or allowed on Barrels under for any Barrel of Herrings bung-paeked, or repacked with Small certain Wel&ht. Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two

hundred and Thirty five Pounds Weight of Fish at the least; or for any Barrel of Herrings repacked with Great Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fish at the least: And if any Barrel of Herrings, bung-paeked, or repacked with Small Salt, and not containing, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Thirty five Pounds Weight of Fish at the least; or if any Barrel of Herrings, repacked with Great Salt, and not containing, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight of Fish at the least; shall be tendered to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to obtain the aforesaid Bounty thereon; the same shall be forfeited, Forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty hereby At what Ports granted shall not be paid or allowed for or in respect of any Barrel or Places Hr-or Barrels of Herrings, unless the same shall be produced to thein=s brjnded proper Officer of the Fishery, and branded in his Presence, in for Bounly* manner by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign directed, at such Port or Place as is herein after directed respectively, and no other; that is to say, if the said Herrings were cured with Salt stored on Shore at a Place where the Herring Fishery was carried on, then the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings shall be so produced and branded as aforesaid, at the Port or Place where the said Herrings were so cured, or at some other Place within the same Port, or at the next Place without such Port, to which the same shall be removed or carried; or if the said Herrings were cured with Salt carried out in any Vessel or Boat fitted out for the British Herring Fishery, and were brought from the said Fishery in the same or any other Vessel, according to the Regulations of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His prefix k 3 sent

C. 94.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Herrings intended for Bounty hereby granted, gutted with Knife.

Whether or not gutted, specified in Account or Journal.

Part of Bounty withheld from Herrings not gutted with Knife.

48 CL 3. c. no.

40.

- A

lent Majesty's Reign and this Act, then the Barrel or Barrels ofthi said Herrings shall be so produced and branded as aforesaid, at tb Port or Place to which the same shall have been so brought from thi said Fishery; nor shall the said Bounty be paid or allowed in respef of any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, unless the Curer thereof who shall produce the same to the proper Officer of the Fishery foi that Purpose, shall, after the same shall have been so produced anc inspected by such Officer, make Oath before him, which Oath the said Officer is hereby authorized to administer (such Oath to be written at the Foot of the Request Note, which pursuant to any Regulation made or to be made by the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, such Curer shall have delivered to the said Officer, in order to his attending to inspect the said Herrings), that the said Herrings and every Part thereof were, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, gutted and packed within Twenty four Hours after they were caught, and that the same or any Part thereof were doe, either in the same or in different Barrels, before that time produced to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to obtain the Bounty granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Herrings, in respect of which the Bounty hereby granted shall be intended to be claimed, shall be gutted with a Knife, in the manner practised by the Dutch Fishermen; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to make Rules and Regulations for carrying the Purposes of this Provision into cfleft; and every Person who is required by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year (a) of the Reign of His present Majesty to keep an Account or Journal of Herrings cured, or to give a Declaration thereof shall (over and above th: Particulars by the said Act required) mention therein, whether the Herrings taken, cured and gutted every Day, or what Part thereof at the least, were wholly gutted with a Knife, according to the Regulations to be made pursuant to this Act, and shall verify the Fad upon Oath, as by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year (b) of th Reign of His present Majesty is directed; and if any Barrels or Hah Barrels of Herrings, which shall have been gutted otherwise tkn with a Knife in the manner hereby directed, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded and certified for th Bounty hereby granted, the said Officer shall, in the Certificate to be granted by him pursuant to the said Act, describe or distingui such Barrels or Half Barrels of Herrings as have been guttri otherwise than as hereby directed; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery to cause to be disallowedanc withholden a Part of the Bounty granted by this Act, not wceet ing Six pence for each and every Barrel, and Three pence forever Half Barrel of such Herrings as last above mentioned.

(a) [48 G. 3. c. no. $35.] (I') [48 G. 3. c.no. $36.

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said Act it is, among other

things, enacted, that no White Herrings shall be exported

shipped, or tendered to be shipped, for any Port or Place out

Europe, unless such Herrings shall have been repacked, v.

Space of time hot lets than Fifteen Days shall have inter.

from the D'?.y when the same were originally cured and p.

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

c. 94. 503

and before the same were repacked'; all which shall be made to

appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fishery and of the Customs, at any Port or Place to which the same Audi be brought Coastwise for Exportation, by Certificate to be granted

by the proper Officer of the Fishery at the Port or Place from

which the same were so sent Coastwise as aforesaid, and Oath

made thereon by the Exporter or his Agent before any such Officer, that the Herrings tendered for Exportation are the same that were brought Coastwise with such Certificate: And Whereas such Certificate and Oath are rendered unnecessary by the Provisions of this Act, with respect to any Barrel of White Herrings

upon which the Bounty of Four Shillings hereby granted shall have been allowed Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of the said Act as is above recited shall be repealed, so far in part repealed, as respects any Barrel of Herrings in respect of which it shall appear, by the Mark thereon, that the said Bounty of Four Shillings shall have been allowed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Barrel of Her- Barrels under rings repacked with Great Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of w^ght Vot aI" Salt and Brine, the Quantity of Fiffi herein after mentioned respect- '^edlu*ively, at the least; that is to say, if intended to be exported to any Port or Place in Europe, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight, or if intended to be exported to any Port or Place out of Europe, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to be shipped for Exportation to any such Port or Place as aforesaid respectively; or If tendered to be if any Barrel of Herrings bung-paeked, or repacked with Small flapped forfeited. Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and thirty five Pounds Weight of Fiffi, at the least, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery in order to be shipped for Exportation to any Port or Place in Europe; the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery.

XXXVI. And Whereas the Provisions in the said Act of the 48 G. 3. c. no. 4 Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 38-

settling Disputes between Officers of the Fishery and Curers or ^Innes be

4 Proprietors of Herrings, in certain cases in the said Act mentioned, t Jee^officew have not been found eneftual; Be it enacted, That in every such and Curers. case, any Justice of the Peace, to whom Application shall be made either by the Officer or Curer, shall appoint Two skilful Persons, who shall have no Interest in the Matter in Dispute, One to be nominated by the Officer and the other by the opposite Party; and if either Party shall fail to make such Nomination before or at the time when he shall be required by Authority of the said Justice (not being longer than Twenty four Hours from the time of being required to make such Appointment) so to do, then the said Justice shall nominate One ikilful Person, not interested in the Matter in Dispute, in his Place; and the Persons 0 appointed, upon Examination of the Matters in Dispute, shall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the said Justice, their Opinion on the Matters aforesaid; and if they shall agree in their Opinion, the Matter in Dispute shall be determined accordingly; but if the Arbitrators so to be appointed shall differ in Opinion thereon, the said Justice shall re

5 4

4? G. 3. c. no. 55-

C. 94.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Premiums extended to Vessels fiftiing on Coasts of G.B. &c.

What Vessels deemed fitted out for Brilidi Herring Fishery,

and what Herrings deemed brought from Fishery.

Commissioneri authorized to re-tuit Penalties.

them to name one other skilful Person, not interested in the Mattel in Dispute, which Person so nominated shall examine the Matters in Dispute, and upon such Examination shall certify upon Oath, to be made before the said Justice, his Opinion thereon, and the said Matter shall then be finally determined accordingly.

XXXVII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth

Year of His present Majesty, it is, among other things, enabled,

that the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall be authorized ' to allow Premiums or Bounties, not exceeding the Sum of Three ' thousand Pounds in the whole in any one Year, to be paid to Persons who shall employ Boats of a Burthen not less than Fifteen

Tons by Admeasurement, in the taking of Herrings on the Coast of Scotland, and who shall cure and pack the same according to

such Plan and to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make and publish in that behalf: And Whereas it

is expedient to extend the Benefit of the said recited Clause to the

Effect herein after provided Be it therefore enacted, That such Premiums or Bounties as aforesaid shall and may be allowed to Persons who shall fit out Boat6 of such Burthen as aforesaid from any Port or Place in Scotland, and employ the same in the taking of Herrings on the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland or the JJle of Man, and who shall cure and pack the same according to such Plan and to such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Vessel or Boat which shall be laden at any Port or Place in Great Britain with Salt in Bulk or in Barrels, intended to be used in the Curing of Herrings in Bulk or in Barrels, by the Matter and Crew thereof, such Herrings having been taken by the said Matter and Crew on any Part of the Coatts of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Men, or purchased fresh by the said Matter, on any Part of the said Coasts, from the Crews of other British Boats by whom the same were taken, shall be deemed and taken to be a Vessel or Boat fitted out for the British Herring Fishery, within the Meaning of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act; and where any such Vessel or Boat, having been so fitted out for the British Herring Fishery, and proceeded to any Part of the Coatt of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, where the Fishing of Herrings shall have been carried on, and of which the Matter and Crew shall haye there taken or purchased Herrings fresh, and cured the same in Bulk or in Barrels, shall arrive laden therewith in any Port or Place of Great Britain; or where any Herrings, taken or purchased and cured as aforesaid, shall have been transhipped out of any such Vessel or Boat as afbitfii^oto any other Vessel or Boat which shall arrive laden with the AfthtSIp' rings in any Port or Place in Great Britain; then; and*

these cases all such Herrings shall be deemed 0 b&vfe from the British Herring Fishery, within. tjiel Act and this Act.;

XXXIX. And be it further ena passing^of this Act^ in case any He*j

them, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture  arose without any Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors, Claimant or Claimants, and Person or Persons having the ^5 Custody, Care or Management, for the time being, of such Herrings, Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets, Netting or Boats, to order the same WB to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or

i Claimants, in such manner and on such Terms and Conditions as,

ra under the circumstances of the case, shall appear to the said Com-

u missioners to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and

if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Clainants, shall Ji: comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Com-

ts missioners, it shall not be lawful for such Herrings, Barrels or Calks,

a Salt, Nets or Netting, or Boats, to be proceeded against; in any manner

fa for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors,

or Claimant or Claimants shall not comply with the Terms and Con-

i ditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Herrings, Barrels

; or Calks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or Boats, may and shall be proceeded against for the Condemnation thereof, as if this Provision had not

j been made: Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors,

or Claimant or Claimants, shall accept the Terms and Conditions pre-

scribed by the said Commissioners, such Proprietor or Proprietors, or, Claimant or Claimants respectively, shall not, nor shall any of them, have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage, on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Herrings, Barrels or Calks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or Boats.

XIa And be it further enacted, That every Half Barrel of White Herrings shall, if bung-packed or repacked, contain Half the Quantity of Fish, exclusive of Salt and Brine, which a Barrel of Herrings bungpacked or repacked is by the said Act and this Act required to contain respectively; and shall be entitled to Half of the Bounty, and be subject to all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which a Barrel of Herrings in the like case is liable.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to revoke and annul, or alter, or vary, any Rule or Regulation made by them pursuant to the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and in lieu thereof to make another Rule or Regulation for the same Purpose, which shall be of full force.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture by the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, or by this Act imposed, except in any case where other Provision is thereby made, shall or may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and one Moiety of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the before recited Act, and all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed thereby, shall be in full Force and

Effect

PioviTu.

Half Barrels entitled to Half Bounty.

48 G. 3. c.ixo. 44-

Commissioners may alter Rules.

Penalties and Forfeitures how sued for.

Rules, & c in force.

o6

C. 94, 95*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18I

49 G. 3. c. 98.

Sch. (A.)

Duty on Importation of Vege-table Oak Bark, <cc. to cease.

New Duty*

Duty levied as ether Duties of Customs.

Former As in force.

Applkation of Duty.

Effect as if the same were re-enacted in this A A, Unless where tl same are altered, varied or repealed by or under the Authority this Act.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to repeal the Duties payable on the Importation in! Great Britain of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Dark, an other Vegetable Substances used in the Tanning of Leather and to grant a Duty in lieu thereof.

[14th June 1815.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs paj able on the Importation into Great Britain of any soli<

Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark and other Vegetable Substance used in the Tanning of Leather, should be repealed, and that othe

Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice m Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same

- That, from and after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eigh hundred and fifteen, the Duties of Customs payable byLawupoi the Importation into Great Britain of any solid Vegetable Extrafl from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Substances used in the Tanning of Leather, and for no other Purpose whatever, do cease and deter mine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousanc eight hundred and fifteen; and that from and after the said Day, it lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Hundred Weight of such solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Substances to be used for thi Purpose of Tanning Leather, and no other Purpose whatever, thi Sum of Three Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shallbema naged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, ii such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like naturi are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recc vered; and under and subject to the several Powers, Condition' Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force it relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Grt& Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitaieat for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any A4w Act of Parliament in force on or immediately before thepafflbgof this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Custofca lation or Improvement thereof, and the fevmlfC^nfts^Mhm <i Directions therein contained, shall be: the said Duties, as fully and effectuaUyH r&a?ifi they, were at large, repeated and4c*j dLL And be it fertnet esaftedt^&htfti* ftrising: from the Xaid Duties V

& A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. in C. 95, 96. 507

E& manent Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth 49 -3* c. 98. m Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed to be appro- $ 46-priated and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, Act varied, Jcc. altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See Duties in Ireland, r. 82. Sch, (A.) ante.J

CAP. XCVI.

l, i An Act to grant a further Sum of Money for purchasing an k Estate to accompany the Title of Earl Nelf on, and also to

amend Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign for making such Purchase.

jj [14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 46 G. 3. c. 146.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for settling

f*and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson, and the Heirs

t 4 Male of h 'u Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of

f 4 Earl Nelson may defend; and for granting a Sum of Money to

j 4 purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and also, for granting

a Sum of Money for the Use of the Si/lers of the late Vice Admiral

4 Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent andfignal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Public; a Sum not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds was granted 2.

out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, and the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being respectively, the Honourable George Walpole, Alexander Davison Esquire and William Hafewood Esquire, who were thereby required to invest 17.

the same in the Purchase of a Mansion House, and of any Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Possession, to be free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm Rent6, and Quit Rents, and other Rents Services, and to be situate in any Part of Great Britain, and the Mansion House to be caHed Trafalgar House; and it was 1 b

enacted, that the said Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments, should when so purchased be forthwith settled, conveyed and allured, to the Use of the Reverend William Earl Nelson, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Nelson, and to such other Person to whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelson Should defeend, pursuant to the Limitations of the Patent, whereby the said Dignity was granted; and 84it was further enacted, that it Should be lawful for the Trustees for the time being, with the Consent of the Person* or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, to convey by way of Sale or Exchange for any other Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a good Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple and Possession, and to be free from Incumbrances, and situate as aforesaid, all or any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, except such of them

4 as

C. 96. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18rj

as should consist of a Capital Mansion House, Gardens and Par

intended for the actual Residence and Occupation of thofewho so ' the time being should be entitled in Possession to the Rents am ' Profits of the said purchased Estates: And Whereas by an Act c

53 G. 3. c. 134.Parliament made and passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reig ' of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of it ' Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for settling and securinj ' a certain Annuity, and for purchasing an Estate for the Earl Nelfoc 1. 'it was enacted, that so long as the said Title, Honour and Dignit)

of Earl Nelson Should endure, neither the said Earl Nelfont nor ani ' other Person to whom the Mansion House, Freehold Manors, ' Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased, Should ' or might defeend or Hand limited by virtue of the Limitations ' directed by the said recited Act, Should have any Power to hinder, ' bar or disinherit any the Person or Persons to or upon whom the said Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and

Hereditaments were by the said recited Act to be vested or limited

from holding or enjoying the same according to the said Limi-

tations, other than and except as in the said Act now in recital  a. 'is excepted; and it was further enacted, that on failure of the

Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Earl Nelson, and on ' failure of the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelson, the ' Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements ?nd Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, should remain to the Use of the said William Earl Nelson, and his Heirs and Ai

 4. ' for ever; and it was thereby further enacted, that in case the hid

Trustees Should think it fitting it should be lawful for them tore- pair, and put in complete Repair, and make any Additions to, or ' Alterations in any Messuage or Mansion House, Out Offices and ' Out Buildings that Should or might be Handing or being upon the ' Lands which Should be so purchased as aforesaid, and to make any ' Erections or Buildings, Plantations or other Improvements, or

any Alterations in, or Additions to, or Substitutions for all or ' any Part or Parts of the Lands so to be purchased, which should ' have been already laid out, or should be deemed proper to be kid

out as and for a Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleasure Ground or Grounds, so as in the Judgment and Discretion of the same Persons to render the whole fit for stich Residence as aforesaid, and to pay

and apply sufficient Part of the said Sum of Ninety thousand

Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, ' in satisfying and discharging the Costs and Expences of such

Repairs, Alterations, Additions, Substitutions and Improvements, ' last thereinbefore mentioned: And Whereas an Opportunity has ' offered of purchasing from the Devisees under the Will of Henry ' Dawkins Esquire, for the Sum of Ninety three thousand four ' hundred and fifty Pounds, the Manor of Standlynch, in the County of Wiltst a Mansion House, and certain Freehold and of ' Messuages, Tenements, Mills, Farms, Tithes, Woods, Woodlands, ' Fisheries and other Hereditaments, situate in Standlynch, Downt r. ' Charlton, Brit ford and Whileparish, in the said County of Wilts; 1 of which Hereditaments the Mansion House and Thirteen hundred j ' and forty five Acres, or thereabouts, are Freehold of Inheritanc.I ' Four hundred and fifty nine Acres, or thereabouts, are of J*of Inheritance; Ninety three Acres, or thereabouts, are Copyho

M '

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 96. 509

for Lives; and a small Part of the said Hereditaments is subject ' to an outstanding Term of Years, determinable on One Life; and other Parts thereof are subject to certain Fee Farm Rents, Water ' Rents, Quit Rents and other Rents: And Whereas it will require the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, to put the said Mansion House and Buildings on the said Estate into a proper

State of Repair: And Whereas the said Estate is well calculated

to be annexed to the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl

Nelson, and the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Forty 46 G. 3. c. 146.

sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign are desirous of purchasing the same for that Purpose j but as the Value of the said Estate exceeds the Sum granted by the said first recited Act, and as the said Trustees are not expressly enabled, by the Provisions of the said recited Acts, to purchase any other than Freehold Lands of Inheritance, nor Lands in Reversion, nor Lands subject to any Rents,

except Fee Farm Rents, and Quit Rents, and other Rents Services,

the said Purchase cannot be carried into Effect: And Whereas it

is desirable, for improving the Value of the Estate to be purchased, that the Trustees of the said Estate should be empowered to procure the Enfranchiseraent of Copyholds, and to purchase the

Rents to which the same may be subject, and that the Powers of Sale and Exchange given by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign Should be further extended: And Whereas the said Purchase cannot be completed, or the said Powers legally given to the Trustees of the said Estate, except by the

further Aid of ParliamentNow We, Your Majesty's .most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kindom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious Intentions expressed in the said in Part recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of Your Majesty's Reign, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a further Sum, 9, 00c!. paid out not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great of Consolidated Britain, shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, Fund to Tr'l1-after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of tecs>

Money as nave been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon the said Fund, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to the Trustees for the time being under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G. 3. c. 146. present Majesty's Reign, and to be applied by them in the manner herein after mentioned.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Warrant* and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being. Debentures or any Three or more of them, and the High Treasurer and Under m.ade for'h Treasurer of the Exchequer and Commissioners of the Treasury for m ou ee* the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth tmd pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, from time to time as the same shall be required, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, without any Fees or Charges to be

demanded

t

5io

C. 96.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Not revocable.

Treasury, &c. required to do every thing necessary without Fee.

Acquittances of Trustees sufficient Discharge,c.

demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; whi said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed ther upon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respefid Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the tir being, for the Payment of the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds such Trustees as aforesaid, without any further or other Warrant be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the sinning such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual m Lai according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of th Act, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demi of His Majesty (whom God long preserve!), or any of his Heirs c Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the fai Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or b or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of th Treasury now and for the time being, and the High Treasurer so the time being, the Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlair and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minilier of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and so the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly en joined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Asti Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, 0 shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or eithe: of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments here by directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances Receipt or Receipts, of the said Trustees, for the Sumfodireftei to be paid to them, or for any Part thereof, shall be a good am sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the same, without any furthe or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and tha the said Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear fron all Taxes, Impositions and other Public Charges whatsoewr; and ii case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Excheque shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum of Nine Thoufan Pounds, or any Part thereof according to the true Intent an Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the fai Trustees to receive the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, or an Part thereof, then the said Trustees may from time to time sue, pre fecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Etecotoi and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, axjfl: shall may recover Judgments, and sue out Execution thereUMm again such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Aa for so much of the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds

btfen in the Hands of the Officer or OffiCets of the ] Exchequer, at the time or times wherirD<f -

CciUdn Sums laid out in Purchase of Stand*, lynch. Manor, "

a* A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 96.

fori sand Pounds granted by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His jj present Majesty's Reign, and so much of the Sum of Nine thousand is Pounds hereby granted as aforesaid, as shall be necessary in the Purchase of the Manor, Mansion House, Freehold and of Messuages, Tenements, Mills, Farms, Tithes, Woods, Woodlands, ^Fisheries and other Hereditaments hereinbefore mentioned, subject to the Incumbrances to which the same are subject as aforesaid

which said Freehold and of Estates, when so purchased, ? shall be forthwith settled, conveyed, surrendered and assured, to the same Usea, subject to the same Powers and Restrictions, and '! in the same manner as in and by the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign is directed, with respect to the Mansion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements^and Hereditaments, by the said first mentioned Act directed to be

Jj purchased, or as near thereto as the Nature and Tenure of the said

" Estates will admit, and also subject to the Power herein after expressed

and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful for the said

J Trustees, and they are hereby required, to lay out and invest the

Sum of Three thousand Pounds, the remaining Part of the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds granted by the Sid Act of the Forty

sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any Part or Parts of

i the same, in making such Reparations in the said Mansion House at

i Standlynch aforesaid, and of the Stables, Out Buildings, Mill, Garden

I Walls and Offices belonging to the same, or held therewith, or any of

them, as the Trustees in their Discretion shall think proper; and that the said Trustees may either themselves pay and apply the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, as hereinbefore is mentioned, or entrust the Person for the time being entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the said Estate with the Payment and Application thereof, on taking his Receipt or Receipts for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required to apply the Residue of the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds hereby granted, in procuring the Enfranchisement of all or any Part of the of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments purchased or received in Exchange in pursuance of this Act, and in the Purchase of the Fee Farm Rents, Water Rents, Quit Rents and other Rents Services affecting the Freehold and of Hereditaments, which shall have been so purchased or received in Exchange as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and in Execution of any of the Trusts and Powers contained in the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the Purchase of any Freehold or of Hereditaments, which shall in the Judgment of the said Trustees be convenient to be held and occupied with the Bulk of the Estate hereinbefore directed to be purchased, or to be given in Exchange for any other Lands convenient to be held and occupied therewith, or for the Freehold of any of the said Copyholds, and the Freehold or of Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be conveyed and settled to the same Uses, and subject to the same Powers and Restrictions to and subject to which the Freehold and of Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this present Act, shall then (land limited and! subject.

46 G. 3. c. 146. 53 G. 3. c. 134.

3, Occl. laid out in making Reparations in Mansion House at Standlynch.

Residue laid out in Enfranchisement of Copy-hold Preraifes.

Billinp of Winchester, &c. empowered to en-Innchil'e Pre-miles required.

Application of Consideration Money paid to Bishop of Wi-chester.

Application of Consideration Money paid to College of Winchester.

C. 96. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181;

IX. And Whereas Parts of the of Hereditaments here- inbefore directed to be purchased, are Parcel of a Manor whereoi

the Lord Bishop of Winchester in Right of his See is Lord, and .*other Parts of the said of Hereditaments are Parcel of a

4 Manor of which the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Marj't 4 College W'tnchester near Winchester, are Lords; and other Parts of the said of Hereditaments and some of the Rents to which the Estates hereinbefore directed to be purchased are subject, are or may be vested in some Corporation, Infant, Feme Covert, Lu-

natic, or other Person or Persons under some Disability or Incapacity, or having only a partial or qualified Estate or Interest therein; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary's College for the time being, and any such Corporation as aforesaid, and the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees and Committees of such incapacitated Persons, and for the Persons having such partial or qualified Estate or Interest as aforesaid, to enfranchise the said Copy-hold Hereditaments, or to convey the Freehold thereof in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which they may be willing to accept in Exchange for the same, and to fell the said Rents upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between them and the Trustees for the time being under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that it shall be lawful for the said Bishop and the said Warden and Scholars for the time being, and for such Corporation, and the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees and Committees of such incapacitated Persons, and for the Persons having such partial or qualified Estate or Interest as aforesaid, to enter into, make and execute all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Exchanges, Conveyances and Assurances, as shall be requisite and necessary for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Consideration Monies to be paid for the Enfranchisement of any of Hereditaments which shall be Parcel of any Manor whereof the Bishop of Winchester is Lord, as shall be agreed to be given for the Right, Title and Interest of the said Bishop in the same, shall be paid to the Bishop of Winchester for the time being, and that his Receipt shall be an effectual Discharge for the same; and that it shall be lawful for the said Bishop and his Successors, at their respective Discretion, to apply all or any Part of the said Monies in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to the See of Winchester, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax affecting any Living or Livings in the Patronage of the said See of Winchester, and until such Consideration Monies can be so applied, the said Bishop and his Successors shall iuveft the same in Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends and Interest thereof shall be received by the Bishop of Winchester for the time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Consideration Monies to be paid for the Enfranchisement of any of Hereditaments which are Parcel of the Manor whereof the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary's College of Winchester near /Ki chester, are Lords, as shall be agreed to be given for the Right, Titk and Interest of the said Warden and Scholars therein, shaft be paid

to

5*3

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 96.

to the said Warden and Scholars for the time being, and that their

j Receipts shall be an effectual Discharge for the same 5 and that it shall be lawful for them and their Successora to apply all or any Part of the said Monies in the Purchase of the Land Tax or Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances or Part thereof, affecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the & said College, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax affecting any isti Living or Livings in their Patronage, and until such Consideration 211 Monies can be so applied, the said Warden and Scholars shall invest bji the same in Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends and \d Interest thereof shall be received by the said Warden and Scholars,

til

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Enfranchise-

jA ment9 of Copyholds or Sales of Rents shall be made in pursuance of eta this Act, by any other Corporation or by any Person having such as* partial or qualified Estate or Interest as aforesaid, or by the Guardians, fa Husbands, Trustees or Committees of such incapacitated Persons as fa aforesaid, the Consideration Monies for such Enfranchisements and [i Sales shall be paid to Three Persons, Two of whom shall be appointed^by the Person or Persons making such Enfranchisements or Sales, and, j the other by the Trustees for the time being under the said Act of j the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, by Writing under their respective Hands; and the Receipts of such Three Persons I shall be effectual Discharges for such Consideration Monies, and shall j exonerate the Persons paying the same from all Obligation of seeing to the Application, and all Liability for the Misapplication or Non-i application of the said Monies; and the Three Persons to be so appointed shall at the Option of such Persons having a partial or qualified Estate or Interest, or such incapacitated Persons respectively, or their respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees or Committees respectively, signified by Writing under their respective Hands, cause the said Monies to be inverted in the Names of them the said Trustees, either in the Purchase of Freehold or of Hereditaments of Inheritance in Fee Simple, or of Land Tax, or of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and stand and be seized and possessed of and interested. in the said Hereditaments, Land Tax and Bank Annuities, so to be purchased as aforesaid, and the Yearly Income and Produce of the same respectively, upon such Trusts fas far as the Rules of Law and Equity will admit) as shall be similar to and correspond with the Uses and Trusts which would have been subsisting in the Estates and Interests alienated and disposed of by the said Enfranchisements and Sales if the same had not taken place, and assign, convey and settle the same accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if on Payment of the said Nine thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the Trustees under the A&of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able to apply the same in the manner hereinbefore directed and authorized, thenandin such case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to lay out the same in Exchequer Bills, or any other Government Securities, and to keep the same so inverted in Exchequer Bills or Government Securities bearing Interest until the same can be inverted in the manner hereinbefore directed and authorized, and in the mean time to pay and apply the Interest arising therefrom in such manner as they in their Discretion shall judge most 55 Geo. III. L1 for

Application of Consideration Money paid to other Corporations or incapaci< tated Person*.

If 9, cool cannot be laid out in manner directed, inverted in Exchequer Bills, &c.

*4

Power to cut down Timber for Repairs.

Coypyhold Lands and Pre-mi fes defirakle held with the Efl ate purchased taken in Exchance for Part thereof, &c.

SiGgO; III. A.U. 1B11

for the Benefit and Improvement of the Estatea to be purchased i aforesaid.

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be J&wfa!fqr tl) Person for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of ti Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, if such Person shall I of full Age, and if such Person shall be under the age of Twenty or Years, then to and for his Guardian or Guardians during his Mint rity, to fell and cut down or cause to be felled and cut downfroi off the Lands to be purchased as aforesaid, such Timber or Timbei like trees, except Timber or Timber-like Trees fejrving for Purposi of Ornament or Shelter, as shall from time to time be wanting fc the new building, repairing or amending the ^Mansion House, Messuages, Mill, Buildings, Out Houses and other Erections, whid from time to time be (landing and being upon the said Lands, or an Part thereof, and for making and repairing the necessary Palingi Gates, Fences, Sluices, Hatches and Bridges thereof, andtocauf the said Timber and Timber-like Trees, which shall be so felled an< cut down, to be applied in and about such new Buildings, Reparation and Amendments, so that the E (late to be purchased as aforesaid may at all times be supported and kept in a proper State.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall b lawful for the said Trustees for the time being, with the Consent an. Approbation of the Person for the time being entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Freehold and of Manor Me(Tuage8, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, to be purchased as aforesaid (such Consent and Approbation to beteftifiedb Writing under his Hand and Seal, and attested by Two or mor credible Witnesses), to receive any of Lands, Tenements as; Hereditaments contiguous to or desirable to be held with the Bull of the Ellate to be purchased as aforesaid, in Exchange for such 0 the Freehold and of Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, as by virtue of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, will become subject ti the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in the said Act of th Forty sixth Year aforesaid; and also upon any Exchange which shal be made in pursuance of the said Powers to receive any Sum or Sum of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, and upon the Recap of any Sum or Sums of Money to arise from any Sale or Exchanp to be made in pursuance of the said Powers, to sign and give Re ceipts in Writing for the same, which Receipts shall be-efei Discharges to the Persons paying the same, for the Money there mentioned and acknowledged to be received, and shall cxonerati them from all Obligation of seeing to the Application, and all Lia bility for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof} and that shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being, with fuel Consent and Approbation, and so testified as hereinbefore is m tioned, to lay out and inveil any Part of the Monies which shall aril from any such Sales or Exchanges as aforesaid, in the Purctai.-any such of Lands, Tenements and Hmd'uiments, ish.-. inbefore is mentioned, and the of Lands, T nemwti Hereditaments, which shall be received in Exchange or parch in pursuance of this Clause, shall immediately upon such Esc-or Purchase be settled and allured toil*

Trustfc and subject to the same Powers and Redactions, to,

55 GEO. III.

C.^ 97. 515

and fabjeA to which the Hereditaments, which shall hate been disposed of by way of Sale or io Exchange, would under and b^ virtue of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, and this Act, hare Stood limited and settled if the same had not been fold or exchanged.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Fee Fee Farm Farm Rents, Water Rents and other Rents, and also all Fines and Rents, &c. pay-Fees which shall from time to time be payable in respect of the of Hereditaments which shall be purchased or received in Efates pur-Exchange in pursuance of this A A, shall be payable out of the clufe).

Annual Rents and Profits of the Estates to be purchased as aforesaid; and that if the Person for the time being entitled to the said Rents and Profits shall not pay and discharge the said Fines and Fees, and also such Fee Farm Rents, Water Rents and other Rents, as and when the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being to enter into and upon the said Estates, and to receive a competent Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and apply the lame in Discharge of the said Rents, Fines and Fees accordingly.

An Act to grant to the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh a fixed Salary in place of their present Salary and certain Fees and Payments.

[14th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year 6 0.3. c. 4.7. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money and other Fees of ' Court to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and the Payment of Sentence Money*to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting*Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the Appointment of the said Judges; by which it is 5

enacted, that in lieu of Sentence Money therefore in use, as well 1 as for the better Provision of the said Judges of the CommissaryCourt of Edinburgh* they should be entitled to and receive thie*Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling each of Salary, payable in the same Form and upon the same Establishment as the Salaries of the Court of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer, are paid in that*Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 46 G. j. c. 49- intituled An Act for encreajxng the Salaries of the Judge of the 1 Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Com- mijary Court of Edinburgh, it is enacted, that in Addition to 

the Salary then paid to each of the Judges of the said Commissary*Court in Edinburgh there should be paid and payable to each of them, and each of their Successors in Office, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds yearly, in the same Form and upon the f lame Establishments as the Salaries granted by the said recited Act are therein made payable: And Whereas the Judges of the said 1 Commissary Court are further entitled to and at present receive {certain Fees and Payments# and it it expedient to make a more Suitable Provision for the'find Judges: May it therefore please (our Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted t rr, v'

CAP. XCVII.

i6

Julgesof Commissary Court to receive 6ocl. a Year each.

C. 97, 98.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Bishops* Rents not paid. Judges Pees to cease.

Proviso for Fees of Clerk of Commissary Court.

44 G. 3. c. 06.

King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June in this present Year, there shall be paid to each of the said Judges of the said Commifiary Court (and each of their Successors in Office), in lieu of the Salary and of all Fees and Payments to which each or any of them is now entitled, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Sterling yearly; which Sum shall be paid and payable to each of the said Judges, and to each of their Successors in Office, in the same Form and upon the fane Establishment as the said Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer are paid in Scotland, without being subject to Fees or other Deduction whatsoever:

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June, no Payment of Bishops' Rents in Scotland shall be made to any of the Judges of the said Commissary Court; and from and after the same Period all Fees or Dues paid or payable to the said Judges for. or in respect of Confirmations of Testam^tt, Testamentary or Dative, and all other Fees or Dues of every Kind or Description paid or payable to the said Judges, or any 01 them, shall cease and determine and be abolished: Provided always, that such Confirmations shall in all other respects be granted as at present; and that all Fees or Dues which are now chargeable or payable and belonging by Law to the Clerk or other Officers of the said Con-missary Court of Edinburgh, shall continue to be payable to the said Clerk or other Officers as at present, until the same shall be altered or otherwise regulated according to Law.

Cap. xcvur.

An Act to enable the Select Committee on the dvwnpatrib Election to re-assemble, and to suspend the Transmission of the Warrants and other Proceedings for the Appointment of Commissioners to examine Witnesses in Ireland,

[, 14th June \815.]

WHEREAS a Petition was presented in tht present Session of Parliament by Edward Southwell Rutbven Esqunr, 1 Candidate at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downpatrick, in the County of Dewthat Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, complainingTof'iii undue Election and Return for the said Borough of DownfM: And Whereas a Select Committee was appointed for t determining the Merits of the said Petition in manne several Acts passed for regulating the Trials of Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Whereas it was reported from the said $ele&(

Parties before the said Committee hadappliedjfor*! under the Provisions of an Act passed in the r

<jf the Reign of Hist

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 98. P7

the said Committee without great Expence and Inconvenience to the Parties; and that the said Committee had therefore thought

it necessary to order and had accordingly made an Order for the

Nomination and Appointment of Commissioners to examine Evidence in Ireland respecting all Matters and Things referred to the said Committee; and that Commissioners had accordingly been appointed, and a Warrant issued by the Chairman of the said Committee for the Meeting of the said Commissioners: And Whereas

in pursuance of the said Report, and of Leave requested by the said Committee for that Purpose, the said Select Committee had Leave to adjourn until such time as the Speaker of the House of Commons should by his Warrant direct the said Committee to reassemble: And Whereas the said Commiteec hath therefore adjourned; and the said Edward Southwell Ruthven has since the said Adjournment presented another Petition, dating that he was not now desirous of prosecuting his fird Petition complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough of Downpatrick, and with Consent of the Sitting Member prayed that the House of Commons would permit all futher Proceedings upon the said Petition to be discontinued i And Whereas the Warrant issued for the assembling the Commissioners in Ireland hath not yet been transmitted, and it is expedient to prevent unnecessary Expence and Trouble to the Public and the Parties concerned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Warrant so issued by the Chairman of the said Select Committee shall not be sent to Ireland, but shall remain in the Hands of the Chairman of the said Select Committee, and no further Proceedings shall be had thereon, but the same shall be conddered to be void and of no Effect, in like manner in every respect as if the same had not been issued; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the passing of this Act the Speaker of the House of Commons shall issue his Warrant, signed by him, and shall cause the same to be inserted in the London Gazette, directing the said Select Committee, upon the said Petition of the said Edward Southwell Ruthven complaining of such undue Election and Return, to re-assemble and meet again within the Space of Seven Days from the Date of such Warrant, and the said Select Committee mall thereupon re-assemble and meet again 5 and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Select Committee when so rp-assembled and met to proceed and aft in relation to the said Petition of the said Edward Southwell Ruthven complaining of the (jud undue Election and Return, in like manner in every respect as if no such Warrant as aforesaid had been issued by the Chairman of the said Select Committee as aforesaid had taken place 5 any thing p any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

I

i

I J-1

Warrant issued by Chairman of Select Committee to examine Witnesses in Ireland void.

Select Committee to meet and proceed on Petition of E.S. Ruthven.

54- GEO. III.

A.n.i8r$

i* c. 99.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to make further Provisions for colledHng and securin] the Duties of Excise on Malt made in Ireland.

[22d June 1815.

WHEREAS in consequence and by reason of the Alteratioi

which has been made in respect of the Duration of Li 4 cences to Mai tilers or Makers of Malt, by an Act made in thi

Am*, c. 19. < present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certm

4 Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and othn Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons deeding in Excise able Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable vfa such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, m 4 to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discouragt the *. 4 moderate XJfe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland j it is expedient to

provide for regulating, in manner herein after mentioned, the charging of every Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland, who shall hate taken out or shall take out a Licence to make Malt after the

xSrj.to pay Puty.

4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen $* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembld, Mahfters taking and by the Authority of the same, That every Maltster or Maker of ut Malt who shall have taken out or shall take out a Licence to make

05?and Sep. 09. Malt after the said Twenty fifth Day of March and before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, between the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, be charged and pay Duty of Excise for each and every Calendar Month while the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be chargeable ai working during such Period, for not less than Ten Barrels of Bfelt for every One hundred Feet Square of Working or Drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet, and also for as much mom Malt as could be produced from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month, after the Rates and under the Rules and Regulations expressed, mentioned and contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating ike Trade of a Maltster; or any Act or Acts for amending the same, in force at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided always, that the Period between the Twenty fifth Day of November One the sand eight hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January 0: thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be deemed aCalendar Month within the Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall take out any Licence to make Malt, to be in t; between the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand c;

_ __________ hundred and fifteen and the said Fifth Day of January One thou!

Jan. 5. 1816, to ight hundred and sixteen, shall be charged with and pay Duty of W EiciiV

45. G. 3. c. 53.

What deemed

Calendar

Month.

Maltsters taking out Licence t

be in force between Sept. 29. 2815,

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

g; 99-

*9

Etcife tot each and every Calendar Month within such Period, for

not less than Ten Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square

of Working or Drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in

each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be

so licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for any greater

Number of Square Feet, and also for as much more Malt as could be

produced from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster

or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month,

after the Rates and under the Regulations expressed, mentioned and

contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or AS *3* c53

any Act or Acts in force for amending the same; any thing in this

or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided What deemed

always, that the Period between the Twenty ninth Day of September ?J, en?ar

and the twenty fifth Day of October shall be deemed a Calendar

Month within the Meaning of this Act, and the Period between the

Twenty fifth Day of November and the Fifth Day of January shall be also deemed a Calendar Month within the Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Notice which shall Notices of work-be given by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, for commencing or, n5 Jfter 5 recommencing to work at any time after the Fifth Day of January sixth Pa of One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, no other Day shall be men- the Month, and tioned than the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year and that no Notice for dif-Mahfter or Maker of Malt shall commence or recommence working, continuing Fifth except on such Sixth Day of any Month respectively; and that every fthe Malthouse shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from the Mon*'

Day mentioned in any Notice so to be given by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for the commencing or recommencing to work, until such working shall be duly discontinued according to Law, and that the Day mentioned in any Notice for so discontinuing or ceasing to work, shall be the Fifth Day of some Month in the Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in any Malthouse such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any searched.' Officer of Excise in charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or

Maker of Malt, and he is hereby required to go to the said Malthouse, and there to search and fee whether the working of such MaltHdufe h discontinued in pursuance of such Notice; and if such Obstructfoti, ctr Offi^r fttjl ht prevented from so doing by any Person at such fining Malt in Malthouse, ot in consequence of the Malthouse being locked, and Dif-5

no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or otherwise, continuance &c. or if at any Time after the Day mentioned in such Notice of Discontinuance, and before the Day mentioned in any Notice for recommencing to work, any Corn or Grain shall be found wetted or steeped iti such Malthouse, or in the Process of being made into Malt, iexcept under the Proviso herein after mentioned) such Maltster shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be charged with Penalty, ind pay Duty as if he had not given any Notice of Discontinuance; ind it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and he ii hereby authorized and required to make a Return within Ten Days after Default or Discovery as aforesaid, to the Collector ot other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District of the Duties Chargeable on such Quantities of Malt as such Maltster or Maker tif Malt would Have been chargeable with if such Notice of Discontift-fi^nce had not been given; iOd every such Maltster or Maker of Mast H within Ten Days after such Return shall have been made, pay -y* L14 the

L

A.D. 181

C. 99. 55 GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

After Jan. 5. 1816, inster.d of mdnchly Charges, ycaily Charge made.

Manner of making yearly Charge.

45 c.JS-

purveyor*, Sec. to make tte-turns.

the Amount of the Duties so charged and returned, orinDefai of Payment within such time every such Maltster or Maker of M; shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together wi Double the Amount of such Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fif Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in li and instead of the monthly and yearly charges on Maltflters ai Makers of Malt in Ireland, under any Act or Acts in force imm diately before the passing of this Act, every such Maltster or Mak of Malt shall be charged according to the Proportions hereinaft mentioned and expressed; that is to say, every Maltster or Maker Malt in Ireland shall, between the Fifth Day of January Onethoi sand eight hundred and sixteen and the Fifth Day of January so lowing, and so in like manner between the Fifth Day of January i every succeeding Year and the Fifth Day of January following during the Continuance of the Licence of such Maltster or Make of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excise for a Quantity c Malt after the Rate of Eighty Barrels of Malt for every Onehundre Feet Square of Working or Drying Floor or Floors, which shall b contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or Maker c Malt shall be licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for an; greater Number of Square Feet, and also for as much more Malt a such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall actually make within the salt Period.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Charge of such yearl] Duty of Eighty Barrels shall be made in manner following; that i; to say, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged foi not less than Eight Calendar Months in every Year and for ever] such Calendar Month such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall b< charged with and pay Duty for Ten Barrels of Malt for every Om hundred Feet Square of such Working or Drying Floor or Floors and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; arc every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall over and above the respedne Quantities aforesaid, be also charged with and pay Duty forasmuch more Malt as could be produced after the Rates mentioned and pre. feribed in the said recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the ColltQm of tbi Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltjcr, 01 any Act or Acts in force for amending the same, from any Como: Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month; and the Surveyor 0: Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, within Ten Days after the Expiration of every sue l Calendar Month while such Malthouse shall be chargeable aswor! ing, make a Return of such Quantities respectively as aforesaid, act of the Duties thereon, and such Return shall be a Charge upo every such Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall pay the Duty t > charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directir-and subject to such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Ireland, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Directions, Fines and Penalties were herein enacted and applied hereby to the said Duty, and the Payment thereof in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same are by 12 ' the

52

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

99.

the said Acts or any of them applied to the Duties and the Payment thereof in the said Acts mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of If Quantity of Malt charged upon any Maltster or Maker of Malt in any one Year Maltislhortof ending on the Fifth Day of January, shall not amount to the full A, u v/wii Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Eighty Barrels aforesaid, for chj^able,* which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is chargeable with Duty officer to make within any Year according to the Rates aforesaid, the Surveyor or Return to Col-Gauger in charge of the Malthouse of any such Maltster or Maker lector, by which of Malt shall, within Twenty Days after such Fifth Day of Ja- Charge made, nuarj, make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in Charge

of the Collection of the District in which such Malthouse shall be situate, of such Quantity of Malt and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprised in former Returns of Malt against such Maltster or Maker of Malt in the Year ending on such Fifth Day of January, shall amount to the full Quantity of Malt, for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is made chargeable with Duty according to the Rates aforesaid, and such Return shall be a Charge on such Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall pay the Duties appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due within One Month after such Return shall have been made, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together Penalty, with a Sum equal to double the Duties which shall be so returned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker In cases of

of Malt shall on the Fifth Day of January in any Year, or on the Grain in Process

Day mentioned in any Notice for discontinuing to work in manner

aforesaid, have any Corn or Grain on any Floor or Floors in the dist-onunuing to

Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, in Process of Malting work, 16 Days

or being made into Malt, it shall and may be lawful for such Malt- allowed to com-

fter or Maker of Malt to proceed in completing the Process of plete Process.

making such Corn or Grain into Malt, until such Malt is dried off j

provided always, that such Process shall be completed within Sixteen

Days after the said Fifth Day of January, or after the Day mentioned

in any such Notice for discontinuing working, as the case may be

and that no such Corn or Grain shall be or shall have been wetted

on or after the Third Day of January, or on or after the Third Day

of any Month in which any such Notice of discontinuing the rein

shall have been given; and that such Maltster, or Maker of Malt

shall be subject and liable to all other Regulations in this Act, or

any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland contained, with respect to

such Malt, save and except that the Duty payable upon the same shall be charged and included in the Return to be made for the

Month ending the Fifth Day of the Month in which such Maltster

or Maker of Malt shall discontinue working..T

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Power of Abate-may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to reduce or abate the Quantity ^ch of Malt, for which any Maltster or Maker of Malt is under this i, chargeable. Ad chargeable with Duty, during the Continuance of his Licence., t;

in any Year, on such Occasions and under such Regulations and /

Restrictions, as the Commissioners of Excise or any Number of them are empowered to reduce or abate any Charge under the said

1 recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, any yearly or other 45 0*3* j Charge or Matter in this Act contained to the contrary notwith-

(landing:

5*4 C. 09, ioo. 55dGE>. ttl. AJXig^,

Increased Qu<rri-tity beyond Stock Account forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Duty how paid.

45 G. 3- c. 53.

standing: Provided riCv'ertheless, that if any Abattrirffit shall be fought for in consequence or by reason of a Part of the Year commencing the Fifth Day of Jatiudf-y in any Year having elapsed before the taking Out of such Licence, no Abatement shall on such Account be made urilefs such Licence shall have been taken ont after the Twenty fifth Day of February in such Year.

X. And be it further enacted, That Whenever any Quantity" of Malt shall be found in the Possession of any Mallfter or Maker of Malt at any time after such Malt {let or Maker of Malt shall have given any Notice to discontinue Working, greater than the Quantity which by the Stock Account of any Officer of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Maltster Or Maker of Malt, all such increased Quantity shall be forfeited, and mriy be feiied by any Officer of Excise, and the Maltster in whose Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit for every Rafrel thereof the Stun of forty Shillings British Currency.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Charge by this Act directed to be made against any Maltster or Marker Uf Malt, and the Duty in respect thereof, shall be made and returned by the Officer, and the said Dnty shall Be paid by the Maltster or Maker of Malt in such manner and under and subject to Inch Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for the ColleQioh of the Malt Duiiei iii Ireland, and regulating the Ttadc of a Maltjhtr, or iu any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Collectron of the Malt Duties, so fat as the farirrc are consistent and compatible with each other, fate and except such Rules and Regulations as are dxpressly altered by this Act i and that all such Rides, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes 6f Recovery thereof, so far as the same are compatible and cbdifletot With each other, and (except ris aforesaid) shall be applied hi the charging, levying, colleqEing and recovering all such Duties, aM fully and effectually to all intents and Purposes as if the said Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures Were repeated and re'-tfria&cfd iii' this Act.

CAP. C.

An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Dirties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Gaihe Certificates, in Inland.

[Z2d June 1815.]

Ante, c. 78.

WHEREAS it is expedient to make permanent Regulations, for the better Collection and Management of the Stamp

Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and < Game Certificates in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Ifshing Bills, 4c. That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person poll dated, or or Persons in Ireland shall issue, or cause to be issued any Bill, Dr

dooi^Place or ^rder, for ^ie Payment of Money so Bearer on Demand, tin. 1

tvhere drawn, upon or made payable by any Banker or Bankers, which shall without Stamps, dated oh any Day subsequent to the Day on which it shall be iff,

fcc. of which {HalJ not truly specify and express the Place where

G. ioo*

be issued, or winch shall not, according to the true Intent and

[<($ Meaning of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the issuing such

3* Bill, Draft or Order, be exempt from the "Stamp Duty on Bills of

Mi Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts or Orders, for Payment of

sin Money, unless such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be duly stamped as a

Bill of Exchange, according to the Law in force when the same fji shall be issued, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every ril such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Penalty.

Person shall knowingly receive or take any such Bill, Draft or Receiving Bill*, 4} Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein mentioned, &c*

dff the Person so receiving or taking such Bill, Draft or Order, shall,

yti for every inch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if Penalty

si airy Banker or Bankers, upon or by whom any such Bill, Draft Bntlker?

g! or Order, shall be drawn or made payable, shall pay or cause or paying #me*

c permit to be paid the Siam of Money therein expressed, or any Part

thereof, knowing the same to be so poll dated, or knowing that the^Place where it was issued is not truly specified and set forth therein,

 such Bill, Draft or Order, not being stamped according to Law

j as a Bill of Exchange, then the Banker or Bankers so offending

j. shall, foretery such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty,

j and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid or any Part

J thereof in Account against the Person or Persons by or for whom such Bill, Draft or Order shall be so drawn, or against the Executors

or Admifwstrators, Assignees or Creditors of such Person, or against any other Person or Persons claiming under the Person or Persons by or for whom such Draft or Order shall have been so drawn.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Bank Acceptances of Post Bill shall be written on and across the Face of such Bank Post Baak Pft Bill*. Bill and the original Words or Figures thereof, and no Bank Post Bill shall under any Pretence be re-issued.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expira- Bankers shall tion of One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of this register Finns at Act, it shall not be lawful for any" Banker or Bankers, or Person 1, larnp ce* or Persons in" Ireland (except the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland), at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of March in any Year and the Twenty fifth Day of March following, to ifiFtie any Promissory Note for Money payable to Bearer on Demand, which shall by Law be liable to a Stamp Duty, and allowed to be re-issued in manner herein after mentioned, unless an Entry and Registry of the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which such Banker or Bankers, Or other Person or Persons, do or" shall respectively belong, and of the Name or Names of all the Partners in such-. Bank or Banks shall be previously made and entered for such Year, by or on behalf of such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Stamp Office inr Dnblhr, by same Person appointed for that Purpose by the Com-ifliffionets of Stamps; and every such Entry or Registry shall speciff every Town and Place where any such Promissory Notes shall be issued or made payable' by any ufch Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, or by any Agent or Agents, for or on account of any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons 5 and all Persons so registered as Bankers shall, to all Intents and Purr poses for such Year, be considered as Bankers within the Meaning of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland respect-

in g

C. i oo.

55 GEO. III.

granted on S.amps,

ing Bankers, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared in fdi Act or Acts. i

Certificate of

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Entry aft Annual Ucgiftry Registry of stich Firm shall be made at the Stamp Office in mand aforesaid, at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of Marchi any Year and the Twenty fifth Day of March following, a Cek ficate of such Entry and Registry shall be granted by the said CaJ missioners of Stamps, or by some Person deputed and author^ by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to the Banker a| Bankers or other Person or Persons by whom or on whose beU such Entry and Registry shall be made, and which Certificate fhc be written on Vellum, Parchment or4 Paper duly stamped with tb Stamp required for such Certificates, and a separate and distinct Certificate on a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with a separate and distinct Stamp, shall be glinted for and inrefped of every Town and Place where any such Promissory Note shall be issued or made payable by any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons, fare only and except that one Certificate shall be sufficient for all the Towns or Places where any such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall have established a Branch of his or their Bank, or shall have employed an Agent for the issuing of such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, at any time previously to the Commencement of this Act; and that every such Town or Place shall be notified to the Stamp Office, and be specified in the Certificate to be granted in jpurfuance of this Act; and that an Affidavit of the Fad shall be fransmitted to the Stamp Office at the time of applying to mike such Entry and Registry' as aforesaid; and every such Certificate shall specify the proper Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons so registered, and also the Name of the Town or Place, Towns or Places where, and the Name of the Bank, Firm or Title under whichfbcb Notes are to be issued; and where any such Certificate shall be gfented to Persons in Partnership, the same shall specify and set forth the Names and Places of Abode of all the Persons concerned in the Partnership, whether all their Names shall appear on the Promiffofy Notes to be issued by them or not, and in Default thereof such Certificate shall be absolutely void, and every such Certificate shall be dated $0 the Day on which the same shall be granted, and shall have and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until theltanty fifth Day of March following, both inclusive. u

V. And be it further enacted, That if, after the CommeQ6g|ent of this Act, any Banker or Bankers, or Person or F land (except the Governor and Company of the Bank k shall at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of Year and the Twenty fifth Day of March fbUowia Promissory Notes re-issuable as aforesaid without, i

C.TOO.

li'

wl

&E

til

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if shall and may be lawful for any Banker or Bankers who at any time since the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, may have obtained any Licence or Licences for the issuing of such Notes in manner required by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, to apply at the Stamp Office in Dublin at any time within One Calendar Month after the Commencement of this Act, and to make or cause to be made such Entry and Registry there, and to obtain such Certificate or Certificates as are by this Act required; and upon the Production of such Licence or Licences duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the time of granting such Licence or Licences, and on Payment of the Difference, if any, between the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such Licence or Licences, and on the Certificate or Certificates required by this Act, if shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps or any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, to give to the Party or Parties so applying a Certificate or Certificates in lieu of such Licence or Licences, and such Certificate or Certificates shall be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and no longer; and in'such case such Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall not he liable to any Penalty under this Act, for having issued any such Notes at any time within One Calendar Month after the Commencement of this Act.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons in Ireland, intending to issue any such re-issuable Promissory Notes within any Year beginning on the Twenty fifth Day of March, to apply at the Stamp Office in Dublin at any time within Ten Days previous to such Twenty fifth Day of March, for the Purpose of making such Registry and Entry, and obtaining such Certificate or Certificates as is and are required by this Act for One Year commencing on such Twenty fifth Day of March; and in such cfcfe the Certificate or Certificates of such Entry and Registry shall be in force for One Year from such Twenty fifth Day of March, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such registered Banker or Bankers in Ireland, or other Person or Persons who shall have made and issued any Promissory Notes or Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly stamped according to any Act or Acts in force at the time of issuing thereof, from time to time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-issue any such Promissory Notes or Note, without being liable to pay a further Duty in respect thereof; and it shall not be lawful for any such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, to re-issue any Promissory Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order for the Payment of Money whatsoever, save as aforesaid; and if any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act issue or cause to be issued for the first time any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer n Demand, bearing Date subsequent to the Day when the same

- ^.. shall

525

Bankers licensed under former

Laws may

change Licences for Certificates under Act.

Registry and Certificate when made and obtained.

I

Promissory Notes re-issued.

I

[Penalty.]

Prom i (Tory Notes re-issuable for limited Periods cjnceK led on Payment afterwards, and Notes, &c. not re-issuable cancelled on Payment.

Re-issuing, See. Notes, See. contrary to Law, and not cancelling same.

[Penalty.]

Pod Bill, See. re-issued contrary to act, further Duty.

Taking, tee. Notes re-MTued contrary to Law,

[Penalty.]

Bank Notes, &c. with Stamp of left Value than required, void.

shall be 2&4ially issued, such Banker or Banker* shall, for every fuc Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes I allowed to be re-issued for the Term of Three Years from the Dal thereof, but not afterwards, shall upon the Payment thereof, it m time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof and all Post Bills, Promissory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts o Orders for Money not allowed to be re-issued, shall, upon soy Payment thereof respectively, be deemed and taken to be theraupoi wholly discharged, vacated and satisfied, and shall be no longer sego tiable or available in any manner whatsoever, but shall be fortliwtti cancelled by the Person or Persons so paying the same j and if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cause or permit to be re-iffeed, any Promissory Note so allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, at any time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons shall re-issue, or cause or permit to be re-issued any Post Bill, or any Promissory Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order for Money not allowed to be re issued at anytime after the Payment thereof; or if anyj Personor Persons paying or causing to be paid any such Post Bill. Note, Bill, Draft or Order as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to cancel the same according to the Directions of this Act; then and in any of the said cases the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in case any fuen Post Bill, Note, Bill, Draft or Order shall be re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons re-issuing the same, or causing or permitting the same to be re-issued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for a further Duty in respect of every such Note, Bill Draft or Order, of such and the same Amount as would hare beer, chargeable thereon in case the same had been then issued for the firli time, and so from time to time as often as the same shall be so re. issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly, as a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer, in the same manner as any unpaid Stamp Duty may be sued for and recovered under arty Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland; and if any Person or Persons shall receive or take any such Post Bill* Note, Bill, Draft or Order in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the same to have been re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person or Period shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Foreign or Inland Bills of Exchange, and Promissory or other Notes, Drafts or Orders, drawn on or made payable by soy Banker or Bankers in Ireland, being written or printed, or parti' written and partly printed on any Paper stamped with a Stamp of less Amount than the same ought to be according to Law, wore shall l>ear Date or which shall he issued in Ireland at any time afu the Commencement of this Act, or which shall bear Date at any time before the Commencement of this Act, but which shall not have been actually issued before the Commencement of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and shall not be issued or issuable, or negotiable or transferrable,

C. 10o*

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that no fuel) Note, Bill, praft or Order, which shall bear Date at any tin)e before the Commencement of this Act, and which shall have been actually issued before the Commencement of this Act, shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act be re-issued or re-issuable, nor shall be negotiated or transferred, or negotiable or transferable by or on behalf of the Banker or Bankers who originally issued the same, or by or or) behalf of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time after such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, shall come or shall have come into the Hands, Custody or Possession of such Banker or Bankers, after the Commencement of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Receipt shall be received in Evidence as a Discharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum not actually expressed and specified therein, unless such Receipt shall have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall at any time be charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts, Orders or Receipts, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be paid by the Person or Persons giving the same respectively: Provided always, that if any Person shall, on paying any Sum of Money, demand a Receipt in full of all Demands, the Person so requiring the same shall be liable to pay to the Person giving the same, the Difference (if any) between the Duty payable in respect of the Sum so then paid, and a Receipt in full of all Demands; provided also, that every Receipt or other Discharge given by any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money for or on account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in respect of Hearths or Windows, pr on Coaches and other Carriages, or on Horses or on Male Servants, shall be written or printed, or written and printed, on the proper Receipt Stamp, according to the Amount of the Sum to be paid, and that the Duty on every such Receipt shall be paid by the Person to whom such Receipt shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall have Occasion to pay any Sum of Money to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether for himself, herself or themselves, or for any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, to bring and tender as Part of the Sum so to be paid, a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of sufficient Size and duly stamped with the proper Stamp, denoting the Duty payable on a Receipt for such Sum, and to require <a Receipt thereon, or on some other Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly Ramped, and thereupon the said Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so tendered, shall be received in the Payment of such Sum as if the same were lawful Money, to the Amount of fuel) Duty, and the same shall be a good Tender to that Amount.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person receiving Payment in Ireland either by Money or by any Bill or Bills, Draft, or Drafts, Cheque or Cheques, Note or Notes, or other Security or Securities for Money, who shall, upon Demand, refuse to give a Receipt for the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, write, sign or issue, or cause to be made, written, signed or issued, or shall accept or pay, pr cause or permit to be accepted

or

S*1

Notes, &c. issued before Commencement of Act not re-iflu-able.

Receipts not in full, Evidence only of Sums dated.

Duty on Notes and Receipts, by whom paid.

Receipt Stamps tendered as Part of Money paid.

Refusing to give Receipt.

Penalty. Making, 8cc. Bills or Prnmi fory Notes doc duly damped.

C. ioo.

A.D. 181

[Penalty.]

Receipts to specify Sum paid or damped as Receipts in full.

Penalty. Clerks signtng Receipts undamped.

[Penalty.]

Misdemeanor.

Specific Stamps for Bank and Bankers' Notes.

55 GEO. III.

or paid, any Receipt, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order, or Pr milfory Note, for the Payment of Money which shall be then I Law liable to any Stamp Duty without the same being duly stamp* for denoting the Duty so charged thereon, he, she or they shall, t every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Co: mencement of this Act, the whole Sum for which any Receipt (hi be given in Ireland, shall be really expressed in such Receipt unit the same shall have a Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demand and if any Person or Persons shall give' or cause to be given Ireland any Receipt or other Discharge in which a less Sum shall I expressVd than the Sum actually received, with an Intent to evac any of the Duties which shall be then payable on such Receipt c Discharge, or shall divide or cause to be divided the Sum aduaii paid into divers Receipts, or shall by any general AcknowledgetM or Use of the Words " settled " or "paid" or " by Calh" 0 " entered, " or by such like or any other Word, Letters or Mark intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that tr. Money for such a Receipt ought to be given, has been paid, or ihal by any other means endeavour to evade any of the Duties wliici shall be then payable on Receipts, or be guilty of or concerned i; any Fraud or Contrivance whatever to evade any of the said Duties every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Irtlm in the Employment of another or others shall for the Use of his Employer or Employers, whether in the Name or Names of such Employer or Employers, or in his own or any other Name, give any Receipt or other Discharge in which a less Sum shall be expreiTtd than the Sum actually received either in Cash or by any Cheque, Draft, Bill, Note or other Security for Money, with an Intent to evade any of the Stamp Duties which shall be then payable, or shall divide the Sum actually paid as aforesaid into divers Receipts or shall by any general Acknowledgement or Use of the Word? " settled" or " paid" or " entered" or " by Calli, " or such like or any other Words, Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought to be given has been paid, or by auy other mtaib endeavour to evade any of the said Duties, or shall be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and such Act of such Person or Persons so offending shall, as to all Pecuniary Penalties to which such Matta shall be subject under this or any other Act of Parliament, be considered as the Act of the Person or Persons in whose Employ, merit the Person so offending shall be; and the Clerk or otlu Person so committing any or the Offences hereinbefore mentioned, upon being convicted thereof, shall be decerned guilty of a Mi demeanor, and be punished by Fine and Imprisonment and other Corporal Punishment, or any One or Two of the said Modes it

r the Discretion of the Court before whom he or (lie shall be tried.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That separate and dill

I Stamps and Marks shall be kept at the Stamp Office in fiatt

1

Ok:

sir

t

flUjl

let

For denoting the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable on any Bank Notes or Bank Post Bills of the Bank of Ireland, or of any Private Bank or Banks or Banker or Bankers whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall be exempt from the Stamp Duties which may from time to time be charged thereon respectively (unless other wise expressly provided in the Act or Acts charging the same)J from every Twenty fifth Day of March for One whole Year next following; provided the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall on the said Twenty fifth Day of March respectively have paid into His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, such Sum of Money as shall have been from time to time, agreed upon by and between the said Governor and Company, and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, as a Compensation for and to be in lieu of and in full Satisfaction for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to be issued by the said Bank during the Year next ensuing respectively, and that any such Composition heretofore made shall be in force according to the Terms thereof, as if this Act had not passed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That although any Bank or Banker's Note or Notes shall be signed or otherwise executed by any Banker or Bankers duly registered in manner hereinbefore mentioned, or by his or their Servant or Servants, yet if the same shall remain in a Book and be Part of the Leaves, or any one Leaf thereof, and not cut or separated therefrom, then and in every such case if such Note or Notes remaining in such Book shall be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, or any Officer by them duly authorized, and they are hereby required to cancel the Stamps thereon respectively, and to mark or Stamp any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the said Office by the Person or Persons so bringing such Note or Notes with any Marks or Stamps which he or they may require, on such Person or Persons paying the Difference or Price fif any) between the Stamps so cancelled, and the Stamps or Maries so required to be marked or stamped on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought to the said Stamp Office.

XXI. And, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Duties on Certificates with respect to the Killing of Game in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person in Ireland not acting as a Game Keeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered as herein after directed, who shall keep or use any Dog, or any Gun, Net or Engine for the Taking or Destruftior. of Game, shall previously deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person to the proper Officer at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, if such Person shall reside or have a Residence in the County or County of the City of Dublin, and if not, then to the Distributor of Stamps in whole District such Person shall'refidd; and If such Person shall have more than Onq Residence, none of which shall be in the County'or County of the5$ <Jeo. III. M m City

Composition for Stamps on Notes of Bank of Ireland.

Cancelling Notes in Books of registered Bankers.

Regulations as to Duties on Game Certificates.

53 C. 10o. 5$* 80. 1#. A.p.i?i

City of Dublin, then to any Distributor of Stamps in whose Distc any -of such Residencies mall be, and shall annually take out Certificate thereof from such Officer or Distributor rdpe&iwl which Certificate shall be in the Form here following, or in fot other Form of Words to the same Effect respectively; that is say, if such Certificate shall be taken out at the Stamp Office Dublin, then the same shall be as follows, or to the same Effect; Certificate.*J jl. B. being the proper Officer in that behalf, do hereby certil That having a Residence at

in the County of Dublin, (or, in the County of the City

Dublin, as tie case may be), is at Liberty to kill Game until tl

Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date hem

4 Dated this Day of in the Ye

t>

And if such Certificate shall be taken out in any other Part c Ireland, then the same shall be as follows, or to the same Effect;

I A.B. Distributor of Stamps of the County or Counties of 4 (or, for the District of

4 as the case may be), do hereby certify, That

having a Residence at within the said Coral

of (or, the said Distriel, as the case may be), is i

4 Liberty to kill Game until the Twenty fifth Day of March no ensuing the Date hereof. Dated this Day

in the Year

Fee. For which Certificate such Person shall pay a Sum of Two Shilling

and Six pence British Currency, and no more, over and above tl Price of the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which the same Hu be written, and of the legal Stamps thereon.

Deputation of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Deputation or A] Game Keeper pointment of a Game Keeper granted to any Person by an? Lot

registered. or La(jy Of a Manor> or other Person having a Right to make fuc

Deputation or Appointment in Ireland, shall be regifteittd with tt proper Officer at the Stamp Office in the City of Dtblia, if tl Manors, Lands or Tenements to or over which such Deputation ( Appointment as described in such Deputation shall extend* 0T an Part thereof, shall be situate in the County or County of the Cit of Dublin } and if no Part thereof shall be so situate, then vfith an Distributor of Stamps within whose Distrik any of the Manor Lands or Tenements comprized in such Deputation or Appointir.; as described therein shall be situate.

Mode of grant-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Game Keep

ing Certificate to to whom any such Deputation or Appointment shall be so grar.tr Game Keeper, registering the same in manner aforesaid, and producing aqauaiif Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with the Duty wb shall be then by Law required thereon, and also paying the Suit Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency to such Officer Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid for his Trouble, and requin g Certificate thereof, shall be thereupon entitled to such Certifies and every such Officer or Distributor of Stamps shall thereupon a Certificate on such stamped Paper, Vellum or Parchment, in t Form or to the Effect following; that is to say, If the same lb be at the Stamp Office in Dublin,

16

U

I A.B. being the proper Officer in that behalf, do hereby certify,

A That of

in the Parish of in the Barony of

and County (or, City, as the case may he), hath registered

a Deputation, whereby he is appointed Game Keeper by

c of the Lands and Tenements herein following

that is to say [here set out the Manors, Lands or Tenements, as stated ' in the Deputation] and by virtue of this Certificate the said

is at Liberty to ad under such Deputation, until the

Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date hereof. Dated

this Day of in the Year

And if the same shall be at the Office of any Distributor therein, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. Distributor of Stamps for the County (or, Counties) of

(or, for the District of

c as the case may he), do hereby certify. That of

in the County of hath registered

c a Deputation, whereby he is appointed Game Keeper by

of the Lands and Tenements here following; that is to say

f [here set out the Manors, Lands and Tenements, as stated in the

Deputation] and by virtue of this Certificate the said

is at Liberty to ad under such Deputation, until the

Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date hereof. Dated

this Day of in the Year

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Distributor of Stamps or other Officer, after he shall have signed such Certificate, shall forthwith issue the same duly stamped to the Person or Persons respectively requiring the same in manner aforesaid, and shall previous to the Delivery thereof be entitled to demand and receive of and from such Pdson the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence as aforesaid, for his own Trouble in that behalf; and in case any such Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall upon Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and on Production of such Paper, Vellum or Parchment so stamped as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to issue to such Person as aforesaid so delivering such Paper or Account in Writing, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate in manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed; every such Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by any Distributor of Stamps or other Officer as aforesaid, shall bear Date on the Day of the Month and Year on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Date thereof, and no longer; and if any Distributor of Stamps or other Officer shall issue any Certificate to any Person otherwise than as hereinbefore directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland ftiaff have, keep or ofe any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel;, Lurcher or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other. Engine for th^ Taking or Dfcftrudion of any Hare, Pheasant,

Mm2 Partridge,

Certificate.

Distributor refusing to grant Certificate.

Fee.

[Penalty.]

Certificates how long to continue in force.

[Penalty.]

Dogs, See. kept by Persons not certified.

3*

Penalty. Game Keeper not tukiuu; out Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Diflrihutors to make Returns of Certificates granted.

[Penalty.]

Lift of Certificates at Stamp Oftce.

Fee.

[Penalty.]

Lift published.

New Deputation cn Removal of Game Keeper.

C. ioo., 55" GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly, called Black Game, or Grause commonly called Red Game, or any other Game whatsoever, without having a Certificate for the same, or a Certificate of having registered a Deputation, whereby such Person is appointed a Game Keeper according to Law; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have or obtain any Deputation or Appointment as a Game Keeper, or shall act as a Game Keeper without having such Certificate of the Registry thereof as aforesaid according to Law; every such Person lfo offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland shall on or before the Fifth Day of every Mouth transmit to the Commissioners of Stamps at their Office in Dublin, a correct Lift in Alphabetical Order of the Certificates by them respectively issued in the then last preceding Month, and shall keep in their respective Offices correct Copies of such Lifts; and in case any Distributor of Stamps shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit any of such Lifts as aforesaid, or to keep a correct Copy thereof, or shall not insert in such Lifts a full, true and perfect account as hereinbefore directed of the Name of all the Persons the same ought to contain; then and in every such case every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Lift, upon such Transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the Stamp Office in Dublin; and that the same, and also the Copy thereof so kept by the Distributor fending the same, shall and may, within the respective Office Hours, be resorted to and inspected by any Person whatever, on Payment of One Shilling and no more; and if such Distributor, on Demand duly made within Office Hours, and on Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of One Shilling, shall refuse, decline, neglect or omit to produce such Copy so kept at the Office of such Distributor to the Person or Persons so demanding the same, every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, fcrfri* the Sum of Five Pounds to the Person or Persons so aggrieved, orany One or more of them, who shall first sue for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, if it shall seem to them expedient so to do, and so osten, and at such times in every Year as they shall think fit, shall and may publish the Lifts so transmitted to them, or cause the fan to be inserted in the Newspapers circulating in each respective County, or in such Public Newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

XXXI. And Whereas such Deputation of a Game Keeper may be revoked or cease by Death, Resignation or Removal, beforethe Expiration of such Certificate, and the Person entitled there ' to make a new Deputation may be unable to get Possession of fad ' Certificate Be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall make any new Deputation or Appointment within the Year, of a Game Keeper, for any Manor or Lands, in the room of the Person previously appoints and to whom any Certificate as aforesaid shall have been previous! issued, and such Person so newly appointed shall register such n

C. 10o.

533

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

Deputation or Appointment with the Distributor of Stamps in the same District in which such former Certificate was granted, and obtain a new Certificate thereof, every former Certificate granted in the same Year, on a Deputation signed by the same Person, shall from thenceforth be null and void; and any Person acting under any such former Certificate, after the granting of such new and other Certificate, having Notice thereof, shall be liable to all Penalties which are or shall be prescribed by Law, in the same manner as if no Certificate had been granted to such Person: Provided always, that in every such case the Distributor granting such further Certificate within the Year, shall write at the Foot thereof these Words; to wit, " Second"

(Third, Fourth, and so on, as the case may be)* Certificate within this Year, " and shall subscribe such Memorandum with his Name; and that every such further Certificate so subscribed shall not require any Stamp, but shall be good and valid as if duly stamped.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Produlion.of shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine for the Certificate, taking or Destruction of Game, it shall and may be lawful for the Occupier of the Land where he shall be so found, or for any Owner or Proprietor of or any Person or Persons having any Estate what-soeverin the same Lands, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or future Interest, or for any Person who hath obtained a Certificate ia manner hereinbefore directed, and who shall produce the same, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net or Engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose as hereinbefore is directed; and every such Person shall'upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce.such Certificate to the Person so demanding and requiring the same, and shall permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any Refusal, Sec. such Person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose and then in force, or shall decline to produce or shew the same, or shall refuse on being required so to do, to give and declare his Name and Surname and the Place of his Residence, or shall give or declare any false or fictitious Name, Surname or Place of Residence, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds; and it shall and Penalty, may beUwfld fortjie Occupier of the Land where any Person shall be found whomaff ttfofe to produce such Certificate, or who shall refuse to declare his Name and Surname and Place of Residence, or for any other Person or Persons present at the time of such Refusal, to apprehend the Person so refusing as aforesaid, and to convey him forthwith before any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall be committed, and such Justice shall proceed to the Conviction of such Offender for such Offence in like manner as if such Offender had been summoned to appear before such Justice upon any Information or Complaint for such Offence; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate hereby Certificate not a directed to be issued by any Distributor of Stamps or other Officer Qualification, shall not authorize or enable any Person to use any Greyhound,

Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine, for the Taking or Destruction of Game, at any time or timei, or in any Place or in any manner prohibit*! by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, nor shall'

Mm3 gWe

Onus probandL

Commencement of Ail.

Ante, c. 78.

Commissioners of Stamps may grant Licences subject to Stamp Duties.

Annual Continuance of Licences.

C. 100, 101. 550 GRQ. IJJ. A.D. 181

give to any Person any Right to use apy Greyhound, Hound, Pointe Setting Dog, Spaniel or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or othe Engine for the Taking or Destruction of Game unless such Perfa shall be otherwise duly qualified by Law so to do, nor in any Plai in which such Person would not otherwise have a Right to use tl same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Pri fecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Perfo for keeping or using any Dog, Gun, Net or Engine, for the Takir or Destru Aion of Game, without having obtained a Certificate dui stamped in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person hi obtained such Certificate duly stamped shall lie on the Party again whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commencec and not on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the coutrar notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the fevers Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall comroecc and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July Onethoufani eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner.

CAP. Cl.

An Act to regulate the Collection of Stamp Duties on Matter! in respeth of which Licences may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland.

[22d June 1815/

WHEREAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations should bp made for the better securing the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Matters in respect whereof Licences

may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland/* B: it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland to grant any Licence or Licences on which any Stamp Duty is imposed by Law to any Person or Person, who shall require the same in Writing, and shall be duly qualified for and entitled to receive the same, and such Licence shall be granted without Fee or Reward on Payment of the Stamp Duty due thereon, and that in all such Licences shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Narrie or Names, and Place or Places of Residence of the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, the Date of issuing the same, and the time for which the same shall be in force, in Manner and Form as may be from time t time directed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, and the House or Houses, Place or Places, in which the Business for which such Licence is granted, is to be carried on, so far as the nature of the Business shall allow it to be confined to any Place or Places capable at the time of being specified or described.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamp shall have Force from the Day of granting the same, or from such Day subsequent thereto, as shall be mentioned in such Licence, unto and until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Day on which the said Licence shall so begin to have Force, and no longer,

except

C; lot.

535

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

except only id the cases herein after mentioned; but if any such Licence shall be granted to Two or more Persons, and any or either of them shall die before such Twenty fifth Day of March next followings nevertheless such Licence shall continue in force for thfe Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the time aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons in Ireland shall use, exercise or follow any Trade, Business, Occupation Or Calling, on the Licence for the using or exercising whereof a Licence mall be granted by or under the Authority of the Commissionert of Stamps, without having previously taken out such Licence duly stamped* and in manner by Law directed, and that every Person offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds; and that in any Proceeding for Recovery of the said Penalty, whether the same shall be by Bill, Plaint or Information, or by Civil Bill, or before a Magistrate, or at the Sessions, or oh any Appeal, the common Reputation of the alleged Fast of following such Trade, Business, Occupation or Galling, shall be sufficient Evidence of so following such Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling, against the Defendant, unless he or she shall swear that he or she, at the time in question, did not so follow the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Person for carrying oh any Trade, Business, Profession or Calling, or doing any Matter Or Things without having a Licence for so doing, by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps, in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Licence, duly ftkmped, shall be on the Party against whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall at any time be granted by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps to any Person or Persons to fell Stamps, or any other Matter or Thing, or to carry on any Trade, Business, Profession or CalHri whatsoever, in any particular House or District mentioned id such Licence, such Person or Persons shall not be thereby authorized or entitled to fell such Stamps, or other Matter or Thing, or to carry on such Trade, Business, Profession or Calling in any other House, Place or District, but shall as to every such other House, Place or District be considered as unlicensed, and subject to all Pains and Penalties as such, save as herein otherwise particularly provided.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Person who shall have obtained any such Licence, shall be minded to remove from the Place mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Business, and to carry on the same in any other House in the same City, Town or Townland, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to carry or fend such Licence to the said Commissioners, or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers to be by them appointed for that Purpose, who shall endorse the same on the said Licence, add thereupon and from thenceforth such Licence shall be gOod, valid and effectual, according to the Contents thereof and the said indorsement; in the same manner to all Intents and Purpose* a* Much House so indorsed had been mentioned hi the Body of such IktiSit iot carrying xrfr such Business, instead and in the Place of the'

Unlicensed Persons exercising Trades requiring Licences.

Penalty. Common Reputation Evidence nf exercising Trade.

Onus probandi.

Licences to extend only to Houses mentioned.

But on Removal of Parties licensed an Endorsement made on Licence.

5 3$

C. 10 Tv

trjo GEO. JU.

A.l>, r8

IiP-iing Licences on unlLmpcd Puper.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners may license-Persons to deal in Stamps.

Licences revoked.

Allowance for Stamps in possession of Deal-Crs dying or whole Licences revoked.

[Proviso.]

House originally mferted therein, and not athervfrise; any things -this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 4\

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ia c shall be authorized or empowered to grant or issue any Licence q which a Stamp Duty is or shall be by Law imposed, shall granH issue any such Licence on unstamped Vellum, Parchment or Papa or on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped, with the Stam which is or shall be by Law required, or in any other Manner I Form than that which shall be required by Law, or directed by said Commissioners, every such Person shall, for every such Offeqqj forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if Judgment toil be entered a gain ft any Person, on any Information for such Offence such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled froo being again appointed thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, in their Discretion, to grant a Licence under their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Periom whom they shall think fit and proper for the Purpose (not being a Distributor of Stamps appointed by the said Commissioners), to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence shall be duly stamped: Provided always, that every Person requiring such Licence shall enter into i Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond the said Commissioners, or any of them, art hereby empowered to take for His Majesty's Use in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Person shall not fell or offer to sale, or have or keep in his or her Possession any forged or counterfeit Stamp; and that such Person shall not purchase any Stamp or Stamps, save only at the Office of the said Commissionrn in Dublin, or from some Distributor of Stamps duly appointed by the said Commissioners: Provided also, that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person to deal in or to retail Stamps in any Town or Place in Ireland (except within the District of Dublin Metropolis) where a Distributor of Stamps shall have been appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall reside and act as such Distributor.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, by Notice in Writing at any time, to reyoke, annul and make void any such Licence, i; any Licence for felling Stamps, or stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or any of them, heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall have had such Licence, shall at the time of his or her Death, or at the Expiration or Revocation of such Licence have in his, her or their Possession, any Quantity of such stamped Velluir, Parchment or Paper, and he or she if living, or if dead, then his or her Executors or Administrators, or next of Kin, or any of them, shall within One Calendar Month next following, fend the same t the Stamp Office in Dublin, the said Commissioners or such Officer as they shall appoint shall receive the same, and shall pay for the (am.' the full Value thereof, deducing the reout such per Ceniagt, if any, as such Person shall have been allowed for such Stamps on p^r-chaling the same, and thereupon such Stamps shall be immediately cancelled: Provided always, that some Person or Persons who shall fend or carry such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the said Stamp Office, shall make an Affidavit before the said Commissioners of Stamp

L*l.

Dutic:

y

C. ioii

537

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Duties, or any of them, or before some Justice of the Peace, that wH such Vellum, Parchment or Paper was actually in the Possession of

hi the Person or Persons so dying, or having had such Licence so

m expired or revoked for the Purpose of Sale at the time when such Person or Persons so died, or the said Licence expired or was re-r: k yoked; and shall make Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Com-', rti missioners of Stamps, that such Stamps were purchased at the Stamp fa! Office in Dublin, or from a Distributor of Stamps by the Person or Persons who obtained such Licence, iji.XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons other Persons (not

jftt than such Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, or a Sub Distributor beinS Distribu-

hie of Stamps, shall vend or sell in any Part of Ireland any Vellum,ors) feU"{>

nl Parchment or Paper stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark LtenceT'1 U

denoting or purporting to denote the Stamp Duties which shall jg be then payable, without having obtained from the said Commis-m sioners of Stamps a Licence for that Purpose which shall be subsisting jj in force and unrevoked at the time of such Vending or Selling; and if any Person or Persons other than such Distributor or Sub Distri-

butor as aforesaid, shall without having obtained such Licence, or

j after the same shall have expired or been revoked as aforesaid, utter, f, vend or sell any such Parchment or Paper so stamped or marked, jj every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

Twenty Pounds; and if any Proceedings shall be had for Reco- Penalty* y very of such Penalty of Twenty Pounds, whether in any Court in I Dublin, or by Civil Bill, or before a Magistrate, and it shall appear

j thereon that the Stamps impressed on such Vellum, Parchment or

[Proviso.]

Paper so fold, or any of them, were or was false, forged or coun-! terfeited, although the same shall not have been so alleged in the Information or Pleacting, then and in such case the said Penalty shall be doubled, and Judgment shall be given against the Party offending for the Sum of Forty Pounds; and the said special Matter shall be stated in such Judgment as the Cause of such Increase of Penalty; and if on any such Proceeding any issue shall be tried by a Jury, in which the felling of such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with Stamps thereon shall be in question, such Jury shall be required to say whether such Stamps, or any of them, was or were false, forged and counterfeited, or not: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Person felling any Vellum, Parchment or.

Paper with false, forged or counterfeited Stamps thereon, from the Consequences of felling the same, knowing the same to be forged, if-such Knowledge shall be duly proved in a Proceeding properly had.for that Purpose. t

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Cmnmiinoner*.to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One or more eroppwred to of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do by War- ^searchfor* rant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to au-orge(t stamps* thorize any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Magistrate, \ or any Peace Officer in the Day time, to enter into the House or

Habitation of any Person licensed to fell Stamps as aforesaid; and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House.ip which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof shall not.be opened, then to break open the same respectively, and to search for, inspect and examine all such Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, aa shall be in the House wherein such Person shall dwell*

.- order

1

C. ioi.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

order to fee whether the Stamps thereon, or any of them, be forged; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magiftnte or Peace Officer in the Day time, to enter into the House or Habitation of such Person or Persons so licensed to fell Stamps; and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the same respectively; and in case the said Stamps, or any of them, shall appear to be counterfeited or forged, then and in that case to seize and carry away the same. Licences for

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Priming Prefles. keep any printing press, or Types for printing in Irclni without having first taken out a Licence for that Purpose, from the said Commissioners of Stamps, and that the said Commissioneri shall, from time to time, under their Hands and Seals, grant such Licence for keeping Printing PrefTcs or Types to such Person or Persons as shall apply for the same, and who shall have performed the Requisites which shall by any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Ireland, be necessary to be preformed previous to the grant* ing thereof, which Licence shall state the House where such Press or Presses, or Types, are to be used; and every Person or Persons who shall keep or use such Press, or a Printing Press or Types for Print* ing, without having obtained such Licence, or in any other House save the House so mentioned in such Licence, shall forfeit such Printing Press and Types, and the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being shall, under their Hands and Seals, annually m^monerJSm" Srant a Licence for infunng Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Mer* Stamps.  chandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, and also for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, and for effecting Insurances on Lives, or ort Events or Contingencies upon or relating to Lives, to all and every Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons applying for the same, which Licence shall set forth the Name or Names, or other Description of the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons taking out the same, and also the House or other Place where such Business of insuring from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or of effecting Insurances on Lives, shall, at the time of taking out such Licence, be principally carried on.

Licences to

XV. And be it further enacted, That where such Business of

Corporations or Insurance is or shall be carried on by a Company confining of a Partnerships for greater Number than Four, the Licence so to be granted by the said Insurances. Commissioners, in manner aforesaid, shall be granted for and on behalf of the whole Company or Partnership, to such Two or more of such Company or Partners, or if such Company or Partnership shall be a Brit'tjh Company or Partnership, then to such Agent or Agents resident in Ireland, as shall be named to the said Commissioners, under Authority from such Company or Partnership j and in every such case the Licence so granted, whether to such Partner! or Agent or Agents, shall continue in force for the Benefit of such Company or Partnership, until the regular time of Expiration thereof, notwithstanding the Deaths of the Person or Persons to whom such

Licence

[Penalty.]

Licences for Insurances

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 10i.

S3*

Licence shall be- fp -mpted, or of either or any of them, if more than One, or although the said Persons or any of them may withdraw from such Partnership or from being Agent thereto*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, None but Li-or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall at any time, either censed Persons publicly or privately, insure or open or keep any Office in Ireland, or Corporations for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the Seas or other Peril at Sea, or for Insurances on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, without having first taken out and continuing to take out annually a Licence for that Purpose from the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in manner aforesaid, and having such Licence in force at the time of making such Insurance, or opening or keeping such Office.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person Making lu-and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now do furance by Per* or hereafter shall insure, or set up or keep in Ireland any Office for |?ns insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares or Merchandize or other, cen e*Property from Loss by Fire, or for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Dangers of the Seas or other Perils at Sea, or

for effecting Insurances on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, without such Licence aforesaid, or in any other House or Place. except the House or Place to be named in such Licence as aforesaid, or such other House or Houses,

Place or Places as shall be subordinate to the House or Place so to be named in such Licence, and to be kept by some Person or Persons employed as Agent or Agents to such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such Licence, or to; the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any Act or Acts from^ time to time in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or regulating of Stamp Duties, shall forfeit for every Day; on which such Offence shall be committed the Sum of Forty penalty.

Pounds, an&also Double the Amount of the Premiums or Premium of Insurance which such; Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons shall receive on any such Day in such House or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Agents acting shall act in Ireland as Agent or Agents for any Person or Persons, for unlicensed Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in publicly or privately infur- 1>errns*

ing or receiving Subscriptions for insuring or delivering out Policies or Receipts, for Insurance from Loss.by Fire or from the Danger of the Seas or other Perils at See, or on Lives or.on Events or Contingencies, relating to or depending on Lives, except for such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as shall be duly y licen fed as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, penalty, forfeit the Sum, of Forty Pounds-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances for insuring/ insurances made Houses, Furniture, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by in Ireland for Fire, or from the (Danger of the-Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or BndfliCom-DD..Lives or on. Esents^or Contingencies relating to or depeudifig ^'*.iii^M^which^ll be.made or effected by any Persons resident in-Duty, trria*4 a&d appoint by 4h#t Corpomion. ofr the Royal Exchange

AfTur-

Csioi.

A.D. 181

55* geo; in.

Insurances made in Ireland liable to Irish Duty and Regulations.

British Courts shall take Judicial Notice of Irish Insurance Stamps.

Bond by Persons licensed to insure.

Assurance in London, or by the Corporation of London Assurance, either of them, or by any Company in Great Britain for insuri: Property, as the Agents of such Corporations or Companies retped ively, shall be subject and liable only to the Duties which shall frc time to time be payable on such insurances in Ireland, and to: other Duties whatsoever; although the Policies by which such I furances shall be made shall be under the Common Seal of the fa Corporations or Companies respectively, and although the same {hi be completed in the whole or in Part previous to their being sent such Agents in Ireland; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contra: notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances whatever fc insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of th Seas or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives or on Events or Contin gencies relating to or depending on Lives, for which Subscriptioc mall be received or Policies or Receipts shall be delivered out or re spefting which any other Matter or Thing shall be done in Inland by any Person or Persons who shall act for or on behalf of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, shall be liable to all Duties made payable in respect of the several Insurances under 01 by virtue of any Act or Acts from time to time in force in Inland; and that all and every Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, and every Person or Persons acting in Ireland for or on behalf of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, who shall effectfuchln-furances, or cause the same to be effected, shall in respect of such In. furances be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are or shall be contained in any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating to Insurances by any Person or Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or their Agents in Ireland.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Courts of Justice and Judges in Great Britain shall without Allegation or Proof in that behalf take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps which shall from time to time be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for stamping or marking any such Insurance, or wherewith the same may or ought to be {lamped as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for the said Purpose, and that i such Insurance shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleacted, orgiven, or received in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, or admits in any Court in Great Britain to be good or available m Lav, or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same shall be so written or printed shall be duly {lamped accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the time of rece: ing such Licence give such Security with sufficient Sureties to b approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamps by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sums respectively as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, having respect to the probable Amount of the Duty payable by such Person or Person.', or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively for Half a Year, with Condition that if such Person or Persons, or BodyorBodu Politic or Corporate* shall faithfully make outj sign and deliver n

i A.D. 1815.

55 GEO; IIL

C. 10u

: 5 4i

Account of all Monies received for such Duties upon Insurances/aud shall well and truly make Payment of all such Sums of Money as shall be due and payable thereon, in such manner as shall from time to time be required by Law, and also do and shall truly and faithfully observe and perform all the Directions, Matters and Things then by Law required on his, her or their behalf to be observed and performed, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise shall remain in full Force.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so to be licensed, who shall grant any Policy of Insurance for insuring Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives, or on Events or Contingencies relating to or depending on Lives, or shall continue to insure on any Policy, shall, previous to the granting or continuing such Policy of Insurance (by themselves or by some other Person or Persons employed by or under them), demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons for or on behalf of whom such Insurance shall be so effected, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, the Duty which shall be then by Law payable on such Insurance, and shall give a Receipt for the Duty so paid, expressing the Period for which the same was so paid, and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so granting such Policy, shall in all cases be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for said Duty, as if the same had actually been so received.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Policy of Insurance upon any Ship, or upon any Share or Interest therein, shall be made in Ireland for a certain Term longer than Twelve Calendar Months; and every Policy which shall be made expressly for any longer Term shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall have ob* tained a Licence for any Office of Insurance, or who shall receive or take any Premium for Insurance against Loss by Fire or the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or on Lives or Events or Contin-

fencies relating to or depending on Lives, shall from' time to time eep strue and faithful Accounts in Writing of the Number of every, such Policy or Instrument of Insurance which shall be issued or granted or continued by such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons; as also of the Name or Names of the Person or Persons insuring, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, the Sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured; and also the Day of the Month and Year in which every such Policy shall be issued upon Pain of forfeiting, for not keeping such Accounts, or for wilfully making any false Entry therein, or omitting therefrom any Entry which ought to be contained therein, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 5 which Accounts shall at all times be open for the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorized, under the Hands and Seals or under the Hand and Seal of One or more of the said Commissioners of Stamps, to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and if any Person who shall have any such Account in his or her Power or Custody shall not on demand produce, the same without Fee or Reward to any Person so authorised, every; ...*w - - "'such

Duty demanded from Parties making Insurance.

Ships insured for Twelve Months only.

Insurance Corporations, &c, tf keep Accounts of Insurance.

[Penalty.]

C. ir.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18;

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, and Duty paid Quarterly.

such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twe; Pounds.

Accounts de-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person 2 livered to Stamp Persons, and Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall h; Commissioners. any Licence for any Insurance Office in Ireland, shall from time time, within the Space of Two Months after the Twenty font Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twen fifth Day of December and the Twenty fifth Day of March in eat and every Year and also at such other time and times, as they Ik by fourteen Days7 previous Notice in Writing, be required bytl said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, deliver or caul to be delivered true Copies of the Accounts hereinbefore directe to be kept by such licensed Insurance Office or Offices, Person 0 Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively, fa the Quarter which shall have been completed next before such Da] of Delivery or Notice as the case shall be, and at the same time (hal pay all such Sum and Sums as shall appear to be due on such Accounts, every such Delivery and Payment to be made as follows respectively; that is to say, if the House named in the Licence of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so conducing the Business of such Insurance, shall be in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then such Accounts lkll be so delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and such Payment shall be made to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the time being at the said Stamp Office; and if such House shall be many other Part of Ireland, then such Accounts shall be furnished, and such Payments be made to the Distributor or Distributors of the District in which such House shall be, or to the Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to act as Distributor or Distributors for the said District, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default in not delivering such Copies of the said Accounts as aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds, and for every Default in not paying the Money due on the said Accounts as aforesaid, double the Amount of all Monies due on the said Accounts respectively at the time of such Default.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfc: and Persons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, shall be entitled to retain for their ow&Uk for their Care and Trouble in receiving the said Duties, and maid: out such Accounts as herein directed, after the Rate of One Shilli: _ in the Pound out of the Monies by them accounted for and paid ' the Receiver General, or Distributors, or Persons acting as such respectively, according to the Directions herein contained.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Inllni-ment. Note or Memorandum, Letter, Muniment or Writing, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for making any valuable Coir.

1 pensation for, or on the Loss of any Ship or Vessel, Good?, Monk or Effects, or upon any Lois by Fire, or from any Loss whatsocw from the Danger of the Sea, or other Perils at Sea, or on the Dem of any Person or Persons, of on the Fall of any Life or Lives,

on any Event or Contingency relating to or depending on any L'! lor Lives, shall be construed, deemed and adjudged to be a Policyr $ Insurance within the Meaning of this Act, and of any Ait or Act.

I fro:

[Penalty.]

Allowance of One Shilling in the Pound for Accounts.

Policy of Insurance defined.

ized

C. rot.

543

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

from time to time in force in Ireland, for imposing any Duty on such Policies of Insurance, or by which any such Duty, or the Collection or Management thereof, shall or may be regulated, unless the contrary shall be expressly provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Licences to of Stamps for the time being, may under their Hands and Seals grant Notaries Public, a Licence to any Person to enable him to act as a Public Notary, and that no Person shall act as a Public Notary in Ireland without having obtained such Licence for that Purpose; and that any such Person who shall act as a Public Notary in Ireland, without having obtained such Licence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Penalty.

Sum of Forty Pounds; provided nevertheless, that such Licence shall not authorize or empower any Person to act as such Public Notary who shall not be duly authorized and empowed so to do.

XXX. And Whereas it may happen that Public Notaries who may note Bills of Exchange for Nonpayment or Nonacceptance,

and Promissory Notes for Nonpayment, may neglect to protest the same respectively in due Form of Law, by which the Payment of the Duties upon such noting or Notarial Acts may be evaded}' Be it enacted, That every Public Notary in Ireland shall Accounts de-once in every Two Months deliver or cause to be delivered at the livd to Com-Stamp Office in Dublin, to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to some g'00*"

Person authorized by them or any One of them for that Purpose, I ^lomh^

a faithful Account in Writing (verified upon Oath before the Commissioners of Stamps, if such Notary shall reside in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, or before a Justice of the Peace if he shall reside in any other Part of Ireland), of all such Bills of Exchange and Notes which shall have been noted by such Notary for Nonacceptance or Nonpayment since the iaft preceding Account so delivered by the said Notary, or if no such Account shall have been so delivered by him, then since the obtaining of his Licence, and shall at the same time pay unto the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties the Duty which would then by Law be payable for or in respect of every such Bill of Exchange, or Note, if protested in due Form of Law 5 and in case any Public Notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the Duties aforesaid, every such Public Notary shall, for every such Neglect or Default, in delivering a tru Account of such Noting, forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty, hundred Pounds, and for every Default of Payment of the Money due. on such Account Double the Amount of the Money due on fuen Account at the Time of such Default.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Fifty 5*0* 3 c*&7 fecopd You* of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act to repeal the federal Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for ma-naging the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant nenu Duties in lien thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Play ing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, as relates to the said Duties on Play- P*1

ing Cards and Dice, mall be, and the same is hereby repealed, except Exception.

only so far as relates to any Licences which may have been granted, or to any Penalties which may have been incurred under the said re cited Act at any time before the Commencement of this Act; and Dice and Crd that, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall b " conr

lawful

Carrying on Trade without Licence.

[Penalty.]

No Dice or Card Maker licensed without entering into Bqnd.

Licence revoked on Default.

Card Makers to lake following

Oath,

C. 10i. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1&1

lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, under their Hands ai Seals, to grant Licences to such Person or Persons as they shall thin proper, for the making of Dice, or of Playing, Blank and Meflag Cards, for any Term not exceeding Three Years from the time i granting such Licences; and if any Person or Persons shall exerci or carry on the Trade or Employment of making any Dice, orar Playing, Blank or Message Cards, without such Licence or Liceno first had and obtained, and then in force, the Person or Persons I offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One bur dred Pounds, together with all such Dice and Cards, and all fuc Materials and Implements used in the making of Dice or Cards, 2 shall be found in his, her or their Possession; all which Dice, Card-Materials and Implements shall and may be seized, carried awaj and lodged in such Place as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, by any Distributor of Stamps or other Person duly authorized thereto, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be so licensed unless he, she or they shall with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties have executed a Bond ta His Majesty, in the penal Sum of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that the Person or Persons so licensed, their Executors or Administrators, shall answer and pay to His Majesty all such Duties as such Person or Persons shall be liable to on account of making any Dice, or any Playing, Blank or Message Cards, as the case may be, during the time such Person or Persons shall carry on the Business of a Maker of Dice or Cards under such Licence.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon Default made in the Payment of any such Duty or Duties as such Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall or may be liable to, or upon Conviction for any Fraud or Offence the Penalty or Forfeiture for which shall amount to Ten Pounds, by Notice or Instrument in Writing, to reyoke, withdraw and utterly make void, any such Licence to such Person or Persons so making Default or convicted as aforesaid; and if such Person or Persons after such Revocation shall continue to exercise the Trade, or carry on the Business of making Dice or Card 8 respectively, he, she or they shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as if such Licence or Licences had never been granted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Dice

or Cards shall at the time of entering and paying rtbe'Dft&s on any Number of Pairs of Dice or Packs of Cards, Qn&, or if a Quaker solemnly affirm, before the Distributor or dthtfxttpcr Officer with whom such Entry shall be made, in the WdOTfUow-ing; to wit,* '

I A.B. do swear {or if a Quaker, do affirm 1, That the Numb ' of Pairs of Dice, or of Packs of Cards {as the case may i ' now entered by me, is the full Amount of the Quantity of Dice,

of Painted, Spotted and Playing Cards {as the case may be) ma;

' fa&urcd by me or for my Use, from the

1 f to the time of this my present Entry, except

' _ Packs of Cards made up by me for Exportation, which are now lodged in His Majesty's Stores, or have beer

exported (as the case may be)

Kcb

C. ioi.

545

Which Oath or Affirmation such Distributor or other proper Officer'is hereby authorized and required to administer.

VXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Dice Concealment or ., ! or Cards, who shall endeavour to defraud His Majesty by any Con- undue

'cealment or undue Entry, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Penalty.

"? Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Dice or Card*

/hall set up or exercise the Employment of making Dice or Cards, or oabr

31 shall make or cause to be made any Dice or Cards, in any Town or "H .*?*

Place in Ireland, other than in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and 55 Limerick, or the respective Liberties thereof, and that every Person or Persons who shall set up or exercise the Employment of making 5; Dice or Cards, or shall make or cause to be made Dice or Cards,

in any other Town or Place whatever in Ireland, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and for every Day Penalty. v that such Business shall be continued or carried on after the first Day

thereof, a further Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Stamp Mailers

lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for for Cards and

1 the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, piMappointed

t from time to time, to appoint fit and proper Persons in the Cities of^Limerick!*

Dublin, Cork and Limerick respectively, who shall be called Stamp

I Matters, and shall have the Custody and Keeping of the Marks,

Stamps and Seals herein after mentioned, and shall, from time to time,

put such Marks or Stamps upon all Dice, and such Marks or

Seals upon the Paper and Thread enclosing every such Pack of

Cards, and also on One of the Cards of each Pack, on the painted

or spotted Side thereof, which shall be duly entered, and for which the Duties then legally payable thereon shall be duly paid to the proper Officers in the said Places respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Commissioners for the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, and they ^PP^t ^hat are hereby authorized and empowered to devise and to appoint preired'onDice

Marks, Stamps, or Seals, such as they shall think fit to be put and used on

or impressed on Dice and on every Label or Paper to be fattened to Wrappers of

every Wrapper in which each rack of Cards shall be enclosed or each of

wrapped, aid that the said Label or Paper shall be so contrived and Cards*

shall be 0 fattened on the said Wrapper as that the said several Stamps, Mfffks pr Seals shall appear on the Sides of each Pack of Cards, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and that the said several Stamp Matters respectively shall number each Label in Arithmetical Progression under each Mark, Stamp or Seal to be put thereon in manner aforesaid, so that the Number appearing on the opposite Sides of each Pack of Cards, when enclosed in the said Label, shall be like or corresponding Numbers: Provided Provifa* always, that all Cards belonging to each Manufacturer shall be numbered, with the Following or progressive Numbers of the Cards of each Manufacturer, beginning with the Number One, and that every Stamp Matter shall, after every Twenty fifth Day of March, Twenty fourth Jjay of June, Twenty ninth Day of September and Twenty firth Day of December, begin to number the Cards to be stamped by him for each Manufacturer, with Number One* and continue on regularly from thence during such Quarter.

55 Geo. IJL N n.jXXXIX. A, nd

S4

Stamps on Cards and Dice to continue till changed by -'Comnnllionera.

[Proviso.]

Packs of Cards n which Number is erased or altered forfeited.

Counterfeiting Marks, 5c c. used on Dice'or Wrappers of Cards, See.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Marks, Stamj and Seals, heretofore in fa& kept or used for stamping, marking an sealing Dice and Cards, and the Wrappers of Cards rtfnefiuvel; by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamp shall continue to be the Marks, Stamps and Seals for such Purpos respectively, until the same shall be altered respectively; and that shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamps t alter and change the same or any of them, from time to time, as the shall think proper, and that such Marks, Stamps and Seals as (ha in fail be kept and used from time to time by or under the Authorit of the Commissioners of Stamps aforesaid, for stamping or markin' Dice, Cards and Wrappers respectively, shall, from time to time, b the only proper and lawful Stamps, Marks and Seals for the fail Purposes respectively: Provided always, that whenever any fuel Change shall be made, and that any Stamp, Mark or Seal shall In abandoned or laid aside for any new Stamp, Mark or Seal, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to use, utter vend and fell any Dice or Cards which shall have been duly damped marked or sealed with the Stamps, Marks or Seals which shall hart been so abandoned or laid aside, without incurring any Penalty, For. feiture or Punishment for the same, unless such Notice of such Change as is herein after mentioned, shall have been published by the said Commissioners of Stamps in Three successive Dublin Gazettes, wher the Production of the said Gazettes shall be sufficient Evidence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Pack of Cards on the Labels on which any Number shall be erased or altered, shall be deemed and taker, to be Cards not stamped or marked, and shall be forfeited and seized, and every Person who shall utter, vend, sell or expose the same to Sale, or shall have in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale the same, shall be liable to all Penalties to which Persons by the Laws then in being shall be subject for uttering, vending, felling or exposing to Sale, or having in Possession with Intent to vend Cards not stamped.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person shall at any time or times make, counterfeit or forge, or cause or pre-cure to be made, counterfeited or forged any Mark, Stamp 01 Seal to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Seal which shall be used by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, for stamping, marking or sealing any Dice or Cards, or any Label or Paper enclosing any Cards, or shall counterfeit or referable the Impression of the same respectively, upon any Dice or Card, or on any Paper for enclosing Cards, or shall erase or alter any Number to be put on such Paper or Label as aforesaid, with Intent thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties upon Dice or Cards, or shall utter, vend or sell any Dice or Cards with the Impression of such counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Seal thereon respectively, or on the Paper or Label enclosing such Car knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall utter, vend or sell any Cards on the Paper or Label enclosing which any Number e be erased or altered, knowing the same to be erased or altered, 01 shall fraudulently use any Mark, Stamp or Seal to be used in pursuance of this Act, thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heir; Successors, of any of the Duties upon Dice or Cards, then every

C. ioi.

547

such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be ad-WF judged a Felon, and be transported for Seven Years. Transporution.

XLII. And, for preventing any Mistake or Fraud in stamping kffli or marking any Dice or Cards not duly entered, or for which the Duties by Law payable thereon shall not have been duly paid, be it 4* further enacted, That the Distributors of Stamps in the said Cities Distributors of mil of Cork and Limerick respectively, and such Officer or Person as ^itamPs to 28* shall be appointed for that Purpose in Dublin by the said Com- 0fU^|ceairS ai# missioners of Stamps, shall upon Request of the Person or Persons of car<k isil who shall duly enter any Dice or Cards, and pay the Duties then for which Duty -ajt by Law payable thereon, certify in Writing, the Number of Pairs paid, and enter a* of Dice and Packs of Cards which shall have been so entered, and Certificates in &i for which the said Duties shall have been so paid, and also the Names Book* &c> aft and Places of Abode of such Persons who shall have made such En-ui tries, and paid the said Duties, upon the Delivery of which said ji Certificate to the Person who for the time being shall be appointed

aj to keep the said Mark, Stamp or Seal, the said Person so appointed

9i shall enter the said Certificate in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and afterwards with all convenient Speed shall mark, (lamp

or seal such and so many Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards as shall be mentioned to be contained in such Certificate, and the Person so J marking, stamping or sealing such Dice or Cards, is hereby required to enter under the said Certificate in the said Book to be kept for  that Purpose, the Number of the Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which he shall so mark, damp or seal, pursuant to the said Certificate,

with the Days and Times of his so marking, stamping and sealing the same, till the full Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which I shall be contained in such Certificate shall be duly marked, damped j and sealed, which said Book at the End of every Year, or oftener, if required by the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be returned to the said Commissioners to be examined by them, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by them to examine the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed Neglecting to as aforesaid, to mark, (lamp or seal such Dice or Cards, shall wilfully mark Number neglect or refuse to mark, (lamp or seal the Number of Pairs of Dice contained in any or Pack of Cards contained in such Certificate, then the Person so Certificate-neglecting or refusing shall forfeit for every such Default the Sum penalt of Five Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be obliged to mark, (lamp or seal any Dice or Cards, but Three times in every Week 5 that is to say, on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday in every Week, and between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Twelve at Noon, and between the Hours of Two and Four in the Afternoon of the said Days.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That as often as the said Com- Commissioners missioners of Stamps shall think fit to alter, change or renew the Seals, may change Marks or Stamps for Dice or Cards, or the Paper enclosing such Marks or Cards, or any of the said Marks, Sfjbnps or Seals, it shall and may StaPs foT D5ce

be lawful for all Persons who shall at such respective times have in or ax s*

their Custody or Possession any Dice or any Cards and Papers enclosing Packs of Cards marffed with the Seals, Marks or Stamps so intended to be altered, changed or renewed respectively, to sell or expose to Sale such Dice or Cards respectively, for and during the

Space of Two Calendar Months, and no longer, after Notice in

Writitig undef the Hands of the said Commissioners of such In-1 N n 2 tention

Dice or Cards remaining on Hand taken to Place appointed to get new Stamp put on, &c.

[Proviso.]

Dice or Cards not duly stamped forfeited, and Person in whose PosseMion found.

[Penalty.]

Every unstamp-1 Parcel of Playing Cards deemed a Pack.

[Penalty.]

Selling Cards that have been played with. Penalty.

Dice and Cards exceeding Two*Pairs or Two Packs deemed eypofing to Cale.

C. ioi. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

tendon of renewing, changing or altering such Stamps, Marks or Seals, shall have been published in the Dublin Gazette for Three successive Days of Publication, whereof the Production of the said Gazettes shall be sufficient Evidence.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dice or Cards marked with the old Stamps, Marks or Seals shall remain upon Hand and unfold, it shall be lawful for any Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards, at any time within the said Two Months, to bring or fend such Dice, Cards and Papers enclosing Packs of Cards with the old Stamps, Marks or Seals to the respective Stamp Mailers, or to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that behalf by the? said Commissioners of Stamps at their respective Offices in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick, and the said Stamp Matters and Officers respectively are hereby required to mark with the new Stamps, Marks and Seals respectively, such Dice and Cards so brought in, and so many Papers enclosing Packs of Cards as shall be equal in Number to the Papers so brought in, such new Stamps, Marks and Seals to be given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the Payment of any further Duty or Fee whatsoever for the lame: Provided also, that if after the Expiration of the said Two Months, any Dice or Cards with such old Stamps, Marks or Seals shall be found in the Possession of any Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards, the same shall be forfeited, and it shall be lawful to and for any Person duly authorized for that Purpose, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners x>f Stamps, to seize and carry away the same; and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found shall be liable and subject to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as he, she or they would be liable to if the said Dice, Cards or Papers containing Packs of Cards never had been stamped, marked or sealed respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Die or Pair of Dice, or Pack or Packs of Playing Cards, shall be fotfnd intbe House, Shop, Room or Place of any Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards respectively, without being marked, fealdk or (limped as shall be then by Law required, the same shall be forfeited,

and may be seized and carried away: by any Person duly suborned for that Purpose under Hand and Seal by the said Commissionr of Stamps, and the Maker or Retailer of Dice or Cards in whose Possession such Die or Dice, or such Pack or Packs of Cards shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every' unstamptdParcu of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards enclosed in a Paper Cov Paper Covers which shall be exposed to Sale by or found in the Shop of any Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards shall to all In and Purposes be construed and taken to be a whole Pack of Play Cards within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and such Sh: keeper or Retailer of Cards shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pou:

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person lh sell or expose to Sale any Playing Cards which have been I opened or played with, every Person so offending shall, for every i Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Dice and Cards, ex cceding in Quantity Two Pairs of Dice or Two Packs of Cards spectively, which shall hereafter be found in any House, Outbo. Warehouse or elsewhere in the Possession of any Shopkeeper or R

169tail*

a

C. lot.

549^

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

tailer of Dice or Cards, shall be deemed and considered as Dice or Cards exposed to Sale within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Cards shall be deemed Waste Cards unlessa Corner of every such Card shall be cutoff, and unless the same be sold or exposed to Sale in Parcels without being enclosed in any Paper Cover whatsoever; and if any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards shall sell or expose to Sale as Waste Cards any Cards enclosed in Paper Covers, or not cut in the manner aforesaid, he, she or they so offending shall be liable to the Penalties, and incur all the Forfeitures inflicted for felling or exposing to Sale Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards without Stamps.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Dice, and all Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards which shall be found in the Possession of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person travelling from Place to Place, shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distributor of Stamps, or other Person or Persons thereto duly authorized under Hand and Seal by the said Commissionerg, to seize all such Dice and Cards, and to lodge the same in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Card Maker who shall make any Cards, or his Foreman, Head Servant, or Person employed to attend such Business, from time to time and as often as such Card Maker or other Person employed as aforesaid shall be required by the Officer or Officers appointed to view and take an Account of the same, shall shew to such Officer or Officers all the Stock then on Hands of Cards and all Materials for making the same belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, in case of Refusal to be forfeited by such Card Maker or Card Makers, and of Five Pounds to be forfeited by the Foreman, Head Servant or other Person employed so refusing as aforesaid, and that in default of the Payment of such Sum of Five Pounds, such Foremao, Head Servant or other Person so employed shall suffer One Month's Jpprisonment; and that in case such Officer or Officers shall afterwards find any Cards or Materials for making Cards of the Stock then on Hand over and above the Quantity so shewn as aforesaid, such Cards and Materials shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be Uwful for such Officer or Officers to seize and carry away the same; and such Card Maker or Card Makers shall respectively forfeit a Sum at the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every Twelve Dozen of Sheets of Paper Materials for Card making which shall be found over and above the Quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid.

Cards not deemed Waste unleGi Comer cut off.

Penalties.

Dice or Cards found in possession of Hawkers forfeited.

Cud Maker to shew Officer Stock on Hand.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

[Penalty.]

Makerv

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers to take said Commissioners of Stamps to appoint such Officer or Officers as ^5 an<TMa-they shall think proper to keep an Account of all Cards and Ma- teriajs in pof. terials for making Cards, which shall from time to time be found by session of Card him or them in the Possession of any Card Maker or Card Makers 5 ' and upon any Decrease or Deficiency of such Stock of Cards and ^Materials not properly accounted for, to charge such Card Maker or ! jCard Makers with all Duties payable for such Cards not accounted Tor; and also with the Amount of the Duties on so many Cards as '1 nsnlatif JjC made from or with such Materials not accounted for 39 '* i, to belaid by such Card Makar or Car^

In case of Deficiency no Eatry allowed.

[Penalty.]

Cards for Exportation deposited in some of His Majesty's Warehouses;

and not removed Without Permission.

[Penalty.]

Forfeitures lodged in such Place as Commissioners Hull appoint.

[Commencement of Act.]

Makers upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid bi fore such Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the fai Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin, and before the Distribuior < Stamps in Cork and Limerick respectively, ascertaining the Quantit so deficient and brought to charge, which Oath the said Office) respectively are empowered and required to administer.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or Dt tributor, or any Stamp Matter of Cards, after Proof made of fuc Deficiency, shall allow any Entry to be made by, or shall stamp an Cards of or belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers, befor he, she or they shall have answered or paid all Charges made on account of such Decrease or Deficiency, then and in every such caf such Officer, Distributor or Stamp Matter shall respectively forfei the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Card Make; or Card Makers shall make up Cards intended for Exportation, he (he or they shall within One Hour after the same are made up gin Notice thereof to the Stamp Matter of the Place where such Card shall be made up, and shall in the Presence of the said Stamp Malta deposit such Cards in some of His Majesty's Store Houses at tiw Place where such Cards shall be so made up, the said Cards then to remain until a Certificate from the Collector of the Port shall lx produced to the said Stamp Matter, which Certificate shall express oi import that all legal Requisites relative to such Cards have been j*r-formed; and if such Card Maker or Card Makers shall at any time remove such Cards so deposited as aforesaid, (or any Part thereof, ot shall suffer the same to be removed without Permission of the Storekeeper or Surveyor of His Majesty's Stores first bad and obtained, be, (he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a For feiture of Dice, or of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, or ol Utensils or Materials for making Cards, shall be inciured by virtue o! this Act or of any Act or Acts from time to time iiferce m Inland it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall detest the Fraud or Offence for which such Cards, Utensils or Materials shall become forfeited, to seize and attach and carry away all such Cards, and the same to lodge in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps, there to be detained and kept until disposed of by due course of Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the (even! Clauses, Provisions and Regulations therein contained, shall comoerc: and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not sooner..'4

c a vr cii.

An Act to repeal certain Duties on Leather dressed in 1 in Great Britain, or imported from Ireland.

[22d June f8ly

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of 1

present Majesty's Reign, intituled /in Act for gr/rinj* Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain cr. (

_'iMides, and Tobacco and Snuff, a Duty of Six peiice is impel

i cter

S % G. 3-, .94

55*

114

every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Skins, and of all Parts or Pieces of Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, other than*Sheep and Lambs Skins; and by the said Act a Countervailing Duty of Six pence is also imposed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Skins dressed in Oil in Ireland, other than Sheep and Lamb Skins, and imported from thence into Great Britain

4 And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties, so far as the same extend to Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, or Buff or Losh Leather dressed in Oil; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Duty of Six pence per Pound Weight, and the said Countervailing Duty of Six pence per Pound Weight, so far as the same extend to Buck, Deer and E1k Skins, or Buff or Losh Leather dressed in Oil, shall be and the same respectively are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as such Duty or Duties for or in respect of the Duties by this Act repealed, and which shall not before the passing of this Act have been already collected, received or paid, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or-Entries of or relating to any such Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

Cap. cm.

An Act to regulate the Postage of Ship Letters to and from Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter so much of the several Acts in force in Ireland as relates to the Rates of Postage of Ship Letters, and to the several Regulations respecting such Letters, and to grant other Rates of Postage in lieu of such former Rates Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing a Post Office in Ireland; and also so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as granted a Rate of Postage of One Penny for every Letter or Packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Vessel riding or flopping in any Port within Ireland\ over and above all other Rates chargeable on any such Letters; and also so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty third and Twenty Fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, as directs that the Sum of One Penny shall be paid to the Matters of Ships or Vessels, or other Persons, for every Letter or Packet delivered to the Deputy N n 4 Post

Sch. (A.) Sch. (B.).

Duties on Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, or Buff or Losh Leather,

repealed.

Duties not collected discharged.

23 k 4 G. 3 (I.) c. 17.  li-J4 G. 3. C.X19.  i. in part repealed.

23 & 24 G.3 (1.) c. 17. 12.

C.i03<

55 GEO. TIL

A.D. 1815.

 11.and 12. in part repealed. Except on.

Duty paid on Ship Letters.

Persons bringing Letters to Poll Office, and paying certain Rates of Portage empowered to forward lame abroad by any Vessel not being Packet Boat.

Porttmfter General may authorize Per-, Ions to collect Letters, iud to forward lame by Vef-

ich other than Packet Boats, if Lotters brought Co Port Office sod Portage paid. + Sic.

Post Matter of the Port or Place in Ireland at which such Ships or Vessels shall touch or arrive; and all Penalties, Restrictkm* and Regulations, in the said last recited Act mentioned respecting such Letters, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed, save and except only so far as relates to the Recovery of any Rates imposed by any such Act, which may be remaining unpaid.

II. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmasters General for Ireland, and their Deputy and Deputies by them thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, recent and take for every Letter and Packet which shall be brought by Ships and Vessels other than Packet Boats, from Places within His Majesty's Dominions (other than Great Britain), and from any Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Ireland, the Sum of Six pence Irish Currency, for every Single Letter; and for every Double Letter, and for every other Letter and Packet exceeding a Quarter of an Ounce in weight, the Sum of One Shilling Irish Cur. rency in Addition to any Inland or Internal Pollage which may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets in Jrdttd.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty's said Postmasters General of Ireland, and their Deputies, to receive Letters and Packets directed to Places within His Majesty, s Dominions (other than Great Britain), or to King, doms and Countries beyond the Seas, from any Person or Persons who may bring the same to any Pott Office in Ireland, and who may be desirous to forward such Letters themselves, and to affix up each Letter and Packet such Stamp, Mark of Postage or Destation, as the said Postmasters General in their Discretion shall think proper and order; and thereupon to demand and receive for the Uff of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Rate of Portage of One third Part of the Rates and Duties payable by Law for such respective Letters and Packets, if the same were conveyed by Packet Boats; and in cases where no Rate of Postage is already established, then to demand, have, receive and take for such Letters and Packets, Rates, as near as can be ascertained, equal to One third Part of what is now paid for Letters sent beyond the Seas, and upon Payment thereof, to return such Letters and Packets to the Person or Persons bringing the same; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Person and Persons to forward such Letters and Packets to the Places to which they may be directed, by any Ships or Vessels that be or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats, without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate or Duty of Postage; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary not with (landing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's said Postmaster f General of Ireland, by Wnting under their or either of their Hands, and under Seal of the Office of Postmasters General of Ireland, to license and authorize any Person or Persons whatsoever to collect Letters and Packets in Inland, directed to Places within His Majesty's Dominions (other than Great Britain), and to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, for the Purpose of being forwarded according to their Directions, by any Ships or Vessels other than Packet Boats; provided that such Persons so to be licensed, shall, previous to forwarding the

lime,

same, bring such Letters and Packets to the Post Office of the Town or Place from whence such Letter or Letters or Packets is or are to be sent, to have a Stamp, Mark of Postage or Designation put thereon respectively; which Stamp, Mark of Postage. or Designation the Postmasters General and their Deputies, are hereby authorized and required to put thereon; and to demand, receive and take for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the same Rates of Postage as are hereby made payable for Letters and Packets to be forwarded by Persons bringing the same, in manner hereinbefore provided; and upon such Payment being made to return such Letters and Packets to the Persons so to be licensed; and that it shall and may be lawful for such authorized Persons to forward such Letters and Packets by any Ship or Vessel that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats, without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate of Postage; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized by the said Postmasters General for Ireland, or by the Postmasters General for Great Britain, in Places within His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, to receive from the Masters of Vessel a coming from thence into any Port in Irelandr, Letters and Packets which may be collected and brought by such Masters to them for the Purpose of being transmitted by the Authority of the said Postmasters General, and also to receive from such Masters with such Letters at the Rate of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters or Packets, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number; and such Person or Persons so authorized by the said Postmasters General, shall make up in a Bag or Pareel, all such Letters so received, and inclose therein a Certificate of the Number of Letters contained in the same, and an Impression of the Seal which shall be used to seal such Bag or Pareel, and the Date when the same shall be sealed; and shall seal the Bag or Parcel with the Seal of which an Impression shall have been so inclosed, and deliver the same Bag or Parcel to such Masters, for the Purpose of being brought by them to the Port at which they shall arrive in Ireland.

VI. And, in order to encourage Masters of Ships and Vessels, not being Packet Boats, coming from Places within His Majesty's Dominions (except from Great Britain) and from Places beyond the Seas, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Masters of Vessels to collect Letters and Packets in Places within His Majesty's Dominions (except as aforesaid), and in Countries beyond the Seas, so as such Letters and Packets shall be collected for the Purpose of being transmitted by the Authority of the said Postmasters General to Ireland; and provided that such Masters shall deliver all such. Letters to some Person or Persons authorized by the said Postmasters General to receive the same, for the Purpose aforesaid $ and that the Masters shall, upon delivering the same, pay unto the Person or Persons so authorized, the Sum of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number, and shall then receive the same Letters back from such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, in a sealed Bag or Pareel; and shall, upon Delivery of such Bag or Parcel so made up and sealed in such mitoner as is hereinbefore mentioned, itx a perfeA State, at any Post Office in Ireland, be repaid the Sum of Money which they shall have

so

Masters of Vessete in Ports abroad, to deliver Letters collected by them to authorized Persons, who on receiving 3s. for every 50 Letters, to put them into sealed Bag, and return them to Masters.

On delivering Bag at any Post Office in Ireland Mailer of Vessel repaid 3s. and to receive ad. for every Letter.

Opening Bag, &c.

[Penalty.]

Sending Letters rot having Port Office Mark.

[Penalty.]

Officers of Cuf. tons nay search Ships for Letters.

f Sic. Penalty.

Officers of Cuf-torns may administer Oath to Mailers of Vessels.

Declaration made of Delivery of Letters before Vessel breaks Bulk.

v

C. 103. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181j

so advanced as aforesaid; and also Two pence per Letter and Packt for every Letter or Packet which shall be contained in such Bag- 0 Parcel.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter of such Shi] or Vessel shall open any Bag or Bags of Let ten or Packets witl which he shall have been entrusted, or shall take out of such Baj any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets whatsoever, or shall do duly deliver such Bag, with the Letters and Packets, at the Plao where he shall arrive, to the Person who may be authorized to receivi the same, without wilful or unavoidable Delay after his Arrival, every such Matter so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, One Moiety to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Cotta of Suit, by Adioo of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any.of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be admitted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall fend any Letter or Packet by any Ship or Vessel of which he shall not be Owner, without having the Official Mark of the Pottage having been paid thereon; or if any Matter shall have on board, or carry any Letter or Packet, not being the Letter or Packet of his Owners, without such Official Mark thereon, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Letter or Packet so sent or found on board or carried as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and w be lawful to and for the Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at any Port or Place whatsoever, and the? are hereby authorized and required to search every Ship or Vessel, in any Port or Place, for Letters or Packets which may tfe on Board contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the same to the Poftraftera f General or his Deputy at the Port or Place; and that the Officers seizing and fending the same shall be entitled to sue for the Penalty for any such Offence, and shall be entitled to One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath to every such Matter before he departs, that he has not any Letters or Packets which have not paid the Rates of Pottage hereby imposed, on board his Ship or Vessel, not being the Letters or Packets of the Owsers of his laid Ship or Vessel. -

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival^gtv^hip or Vessel in Port, the Matter shall sign a Declaration in Vming, in the Presence of the Person authorized by the Postmasters General at the Port or Place, who shall also sign the same, that to the bett of his Knowledge and Belief he has delivered, according to the Provisions of this Act, all the Letters and Packets, or Bags or Parcrli of Letters and Packets which were on board his Vessel; and tint until such Declaration shall be signed, the Officer of the Customs shall not permit such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk; and in case such Matter shall wilfully neglect to make such Declaration, he shall forfeit and

S5S

4 A.D. 1815. 55" GEO. in C. 103, 104.

and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof'to be paid to the Informer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer hereby required to prohibit any Ship or sh Vessel from breaking Bulk until the Requisites of this Act shall be

ft complied with, shall permit such Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, such

Collector, Comptroller or Officer, so permitting such Ship or Vessel 3, (1 to break Bulk, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, m One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, iuii

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several

ail pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed, shall be payable to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall and will inform or sue for the same; and that all, ij| and singular the said Penalties (except the Penalty of Five hundred

[jfc Pounds hereinbefore mentioned) shall and may be recovered by Information before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, County of the City, City or Town Corporate where such Offences gi shall be respectively committed, upon the Oath of One credible [{ Witness, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer 5 and if any Person or Persons convicted of any such Offence, shall not forthwith pay the Penalty which he, ffie or they shall have incurred, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to

jj fend such Person or Persons to the Workhouse, or House of Cor-

j, rection, there to remain at Hard Labour for such time as such Justices

g shall think proper, not exceeding Three Months.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge j or counterfeit or cause to be forged or counterfeited any Stamp,

Mark of Postage or Designation, upon any Letter or Packet hereby authorized to be so stamped, marked or designated, with Intent to avoid or prevent the Payment of the Rate of Postage hereby imposed, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act shall form Part of the Revenue of the Poll Office of Ireland, and be applied as such.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed.

^22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act made in the

' present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant

certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and

1 other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in

Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties

payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such

*Excise Duties, and tu regulate tbs issuing of such Licences; and to discourage

[Penalty.]

Officers neglecting Duty.

[Penalty.]

Penalties how applied and recovered.

Penalty not paid.

Imprisonment.

Forging, ftc. Poll Office Mark.

Misdemeanor.

Duty Post Office Revenue.

Act amended, & c.

Ante, c. 19.

55

Sch. A.

Licences taken out after Jan. 5. 1816, to pay Duty under onte. c. 19. for Licences issued 10 Days before that Day.

Ante, c. 19. Sch. A.

Spirit Licences applied for before Jan. 5. 1816, on Certificate from Clerk of the Peace dated before March 45. 1815, shall pay Duty imposed by j tG. 3.C. 19. with is. in the Pound of Amount.

C. 104. 55" GEO. III. A.D. 18ij

discourage the immoderate U/e of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland certain Duties are imposed and made payable upon the fevera Licences therein mentioned, according to the respective times ai

which such Licences respectively shall be taken out, and, amongil

other, certain Duties are imposed and made payable on the fevera and respective Licences therein mentioned, which shall be respectively taken out after the Fifth Day of January One thousanc

eight hundred and sixteen: And Whereas under the Provisiom of the said recited Act, Licences may be taken out within Ten Days previous to the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to be in force after the said Fifth Day of January; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Duties by the said Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, imposed and made payable upon all such Licences, if the same respectively shall be taken out after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be charged and paid on all such Licences respectively which shall be taken out to be in force after the said Fifth Day of January, although such Licences respectively may be taken out and may issue at any time within Ten Days before the said Day; any thing in the said Act or in the said Schedule to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas in and by the Laws in force in Ireland, at and immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, all Licences to sell Spirituous and

other Liquors by Retail were to continue in force until the Twenty

ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof: And Whereas

in and by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, certain Duties are imposed upon such Licences to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, as should be taken out after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas Persons who, previous to the said Twenty fifth Day of March, had obtained Certificates from the Clerks of the Peace to entitle such Persons to such Licences, ought by Law to have taken out such Licences previous to the said Twenty fifth Day of March, and to have paid the full annual Amount of the Duties then payable by Law thereon, but may nevertheless have fold Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail without taking out such Licences Be it enacted, That in every case where any Person, from and after the Commencement of this Act, and before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall apply for any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, upon any such Certificate which shall bear Date before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, such Person shall, before any such Licence shall be granted to him or her, pay to the Collector of Excise upon his granting such Licence as aforesaid, as and for the Duty thereon, such Sum as under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament, and the Schedule thereto aunexed, is Rated to be the annual Amount of the Duty on such Licence if taken out after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and

sixteen.

55 7

018

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 104.

sixteen, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on thfe Amount of such Duty; any thing in the said recited Act, or the Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament it is, amongst other things, enacted, that no Licence shall be granted to any Person to sell Spirituous or other ' Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular

Road surrounding the said City, or within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, unless the Person applying for such Licence

shall obtain an Order signed by the Lord Mayor for the time being, and by One or more of the Police Magistrates of the District

or Division in which such Person shall reside, that such Person applying for a Licence is a proper Person to be licensed, nor unless

the Persons who shall be proposed to be Sureties for the Person

so applying be named in such Order, and therein approved of by such Police Magistrate or Magistrates; and that all Orders so given

shall be preserved by the Clerks of the Peace of the City of Dublin, ' and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by them for the Purpose, and such Book or Books shall be open at all times

for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Officers, without Fee or Re-

ward 5 and such Clerk of the Peace, on Receipt of such Order,

shall deliver to the Person applying for such Licence a Certificate

in the Form therein prescribed, to entitle such Person to such

Licence; Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Licence shall be granted to any Person to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, unless the Person applying for such Licence shall have obtained an Order for the same signed by the Lord Mayor for the time being, and shall have and obtain a Certificate, signed by the Divisional Justices of the Division in which the Castle of Dublin shall be, or any One of them at the Head Office, that the Person applying for a Licence is a proper Person to be licensed, nor unless the Persons who shall be proposed to be Sureties for the Persons so applying be named in such Certificate, and therein approved of by such Divisional Justices or any One of them, at the said Head Office, and that such Orders of the Lord Mayor for the time being for said Licences, and such Certificates as aforesaid, shall be granted without Fee or Reward, and shall be preserved by the Clerks of the Peace of the City of Dublin, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by them for that Purpose, and such Book or Books shall be open at all times for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Officers, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerks of the Peace, on Receipt of such Order and Certificate, shall deliver to the Person applying for such Licence to entitle such Person thereto a Certificate in the Form following, instead of in the Form prescribed by the said recited Act; that ia to say,

Ante, c. 19. 40.

repealed. Regulations for obtaining Licences to fell Spirits in Dublin, &c.

Ante, c. 19. 3*

Certificate for

obtaining

Licence.

Ante, c. 19.

 69. in part repealed.

Divisional Jut-ticei of Castle Division may annul Licences.

Penalties.

Justices may allow Persons whose Licegto* have been annulled to fell Spirits for Remainder Year ktoweUw'

I A.B. or we A.B. and C.D. Clerks of the Peace of the City of ' Dublin, do certify that E.F. (or, E. F. and G.H.)is (or, are)

duly entitled to receive a Licence for selling Spirituous liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead,

4 by Retail at No. in the Parish of

in the City of Dublin, (or, within the Didrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, as the case may be), until and upon the

Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and (mentmiig the Tear) 5 and that the Lord Mayor hath ordered, and One or

more of the Divisional Justices of the Division in which the Castle

of Dublin is situate at the Head Office have certified, that the said

4 E. F. (or, E. F. and G. H.) is (or, are) a proper Person (w, ' Persons) so to be licensed, and that /. K. of and

4 M. N. of have been approved of as Sureties for the said E. F. (or, for the said jE. F. and G. H.) Dated this

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and /

4 A.B. or A> B. and C. 2).

' Clerks of the Peace.'

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as authorizes or empowers the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin within his Jurisdiction, or any Two or more of the Police Magistrates of the District or Division in which the Persons shall reside, to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors in Ireland, and also so much of the said Act as authorizes or empowers the said Lord Mayor or the said Police Magistratn to sign any Notice to be served on any Person of such Person'i Licence having been annulled, shall "be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Divisional Justices of the Division in which the Castle of Dublin (hill be, or any One of them, at the Head Office, to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for retailing Spirituous and other Liquor*, within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin; and if any Person whose Licence shall be so annulled, or on whom a Notice shall be served of the same being annulled, signed by such Divisional Justices of the Division in which the Castle of Dublin shall be, or any One of them at the Head Office as aforesaid, shall retail any Spintnooi Or other Liquors, every such Person shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling Spirituous or other Liquors without havifig obtained a Licence for that Purpose are liable to under the Pf rifions of the said recited Act, and which Penalties ai shall be sued for, recovered and applied, in the like, 1 Intents and Purposes, as Penalties and Fot&fcum '? recited Act are directed to be sued for, reeo*ertd i

VII. And be it further enacted, for the Divisional Justices of the Dublin shall be, or any One of them i plication made for that Puj

ft# % &itu6u# afidJ otKfa*

C.I04*

SS9

i A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

afi

House or Place described in such Licence for the Remainder of the Year for which such Licence shall be granted; and the Situation of such other House or Place shall be particularly described in an Indorsement to be made on such Licence, and signed by the Hand of such Divisional Justices or Justice: Provided always, that every such Indorsement shall be entered and registered in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the City of Dublin, and also in the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District of Dublin; and every such Licence shall thereupon be absolutely null and void in respect to the House or Place for which the same was originally granted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Collectors of la-for the several Colie dors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland in !*nd Excise and their respective Did rids, or other Officer in charge of the Collection

of any such District, or any other Person or Persons appointed to fon5 having beep

grant Licences by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in licensed in Year

Ireland, or any Three of them, to issue Licences for the Sale of preceding, on

Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Me- takng Ojths

theglin and Mead, by Retail, to the same Persons and at or for the ^emering

same Houses or Places as shall have been licensed in the Year last into Bond, ice.

immediately preceding; provided that such Persons respectively shall

previously take and subscribe the Oaths by the said recited Act (a)

of the present Session of Parliament prescribed to be taken and

subscribed by Persons applying for Licences to sell Spirituous and

other Liquors by Retail, and that such Persons respectively, together

with their Sureties to be approved of by Two Magistrates of the County residing within Seven Miles of the Habitation of such Person,

shall enter into a Bond in such Amount, and conditioned as is in and

by the said recited Act (b) mentioned respecting the Bond therein

mentioned, required to be entered into by Persons applying under the

Provisions of the said Act to be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors

[Proviso.]

and other Liquors by Retail: Provided always, that every such Ap-

probation of such Magistrates shall be entered in the Crown Book by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace to give or cause to be given to the

Person entitled thereto, a Certificate pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act. (a) [, Ante, c, 19. f 39.3

(J) [Ante, f. 19. 37.3

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Collectors m*y for the several Collectors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in issue Licence* their respective Districts, or other Officer in Charge of the Col- for Sale of ledion of any such District, or any other Person or Persons appointed^ Dublin*-to grant Licences by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and &<*.) to Person* Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to issue Licences for the whom Three Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Migiftmes shall Metheglin and Mead, ' by Retail, > in any Place, save and except m aPP*ov of such the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the QathTand enter-said City, or within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, to^imo good, any Person or Persons whom any Three Magistrates residing within

Seven Miles of the Habitation of such Person or Persons shall think proper Persons to be entrusted with such Licences, and to whom they shall, by Order under their Hands and Seals, direct such Licences to be issued j provided that such Persons respectively shall, before the granting of such Licence, take and subscribe the Oaths by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament prescribed

to

S$o

C. 104.

550fffiO.HI.

A.D. 1815.

[Proviso.]

Certificates not

to be taken and subscribed by Persons applying for Licences to M Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and that such Persons respectively, together with their Sureties, to be approved of by such Magistrates, shall enter into a Bond in the Amount, and conditioned as is in and by the said recited Act mentioned, respecting the Bond therein mentioned required to be entered into by Persons applying under the Provisions of the said Act to be licensed to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail: Provided always, that every such Order of such Magistrates shall be entered in the Crown Book by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace to give or cause to be given to the Person entitled thereto, a Certificate pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be given uj Persons lawful for any Clerk of the Peace to give any such Certificate to refusedan Order an7 ^>er^on w have applied at any Sessions of the Peace or for Licence at Adjournment thereof, for an Order for the issuing of a Licence to Quarter Sessions, such Person, and who shall have been refiifed the same; and any &C-, such Licence which shall be granted to any such Person shall be

and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, and such Person shall be liable and subject to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to which unlicensed Retailers of Spirituous or other Liquon are under the said recited Act liable and subject; and which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the lie manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Act are directed to be sued for, recovered and applied.

In Certificates

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every Certificate to be Names of Sure- given by the Clerk of the Peace to entitle any Person or Persons to ties infested. a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, there Hull be mentioned and inserted the Names and Additions of the Persons who shall be approved of by the Justices of the Peace as the Sureties of such Person or Persons applying for such Licence; and every such Certificate shall be lodged with the Collector or other Officer or Person appointed to grant Licences before he flail grant bach Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who Qtallbe convicted of the Offence of feUing Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, shall in Default of Payment of the Penalty, ' if the Offence shall be the First Offence, be committed to Gaol for a Space art exceeding Four Calendar Months nor less than Two Calendarl!cflb> and in Default of Payment of the said Penalty, if the same mil Second Offence, be for the Second or any further Offence, shall be rommittefoto Gaol, there to remain for the Space of&ix Calendar 1' no longer: Provided always, that nothing heron 0 extend to take away or assess the Power given by t Act,; of mitigati -

any such Person

Bond* taken and*

XIII. And be it further Oath* admmiC- for any, Sub Cfrmmflfioner

m -

of Inlrfnd Exdfi ind TsxeijScc. '

Convicted of Offence of feUing Spirits, Sec.

First Offence.

[Proviso.]

Act,: of mitigating any such Penalty, and.^th^upca j iv such Person firpn - '

ipeftive, Periods.

XIII.

pm Confinement bejpre

A.D. 1815.

ss* Geo. nr.

c. 104.

561

any Oath or Affidavit which is in and by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament required to be executed, given, sworn or taken by any Person; and that any such Bond, and Oath, or Affidavit respectively, so taken or administered by any such Sub Commissioner, or by any Person so authorized as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if such Bond or such Oath or Affidavit had been taken under the Provisions of the said Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that if any such Person who shall take any such Oath or Affidavit shall wilfully and knowingly swear falsely therein, every such Person being convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury ar or shall be subject. Perjury.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Ante, c. 19. mencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as enacts 67. that no Person shall be entitled unto, or shall maintain any Cause,

Action or Suit for or recover either in Law or Equity any Sum of Money, or Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland, in any Quantity iefs than One Pint at any one time, nor for or on Account of any particular Item or Article in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold, where the Quantity shall be lcfs than One Pint, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Action not mencement' of this Act, no Person shall be entitled unto or shall maintained for maintain any Cause, Action or Suit for or shall recover either in Law Qwnt'ty of or Equity any Sum of Money, or Demand for or on Account of any - J0 Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland, in any Quantity less than Two W W Quarts at any one time, or for or on Account of any particular

Item or Article in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold, where the Quantity shall be less than Two Quarts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Permits not any Officer of Excise, to grant any Permit for any Spirits made in granted for Ireland, on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless the Person Spirits on Credit applying for such Permit shall not have sufficient Credit on One of Two p*rti* Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Spirits for which * U; "

such Permit shall be required; and every Officer granting any Permit ficient Credit on for any such Spirits upon the Credit of any Certificate or Certificates One, &c.

(when the Party shall not have sufficient Credit as aforesaid, upon One Certificate) shall endorse on such Certificate the Date and Number of such Permit, Quantity, Strength and Quality of the Spirits for which the same shall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Calks or Vessels, or Mark and Number of the Calk or Vessel containing the same, and the Name of the Person to whom and the Place to which such Spirits are to be carried under such Permit; and in case the Permit on which any such Certificate shall be granted shall, before the time at which the same is or shall be required to be delivered up and renewed, be filled up with the Indorsements herein directed to be made thereon, the proper Officer for granting Certificates shall upon such Certificate with the Indorsements thereon being delivered up to him, grant a new Certificate for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Officer to whom such Certificate with the Indorsements thereon shall be so delivered up shall annex the same to the Duplicate of the new Certificate.

55 Geo. III. O o XVII. And

C.I04-

55 GEO. III. A.D. 181j

Licences an.

nulled when

Certificates

fraudemly

altered.

[Penalty.]

50 G. 3. c. 99.

5-

repealed.

Proviso for 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 68.

Spirits of left

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Certificati or any such Indorsement made thereon, shall be fraudulently erafee obliterated or altered, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to annul or withdraw the Licence which ilia have been granted to the Person or Persons whose Certificate or an Indorsement thereupon shall have been so erased, obliterated or altered and every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XVIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year c

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the seven 4 Acts relating to the making of Malt; and the granting of Permit} an

Certificates; and the Regulations of Braziers and of Persons en ' ploying more than One Stul in Ireland, after reciting that by an At ' made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of Hi 4 present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating ih

lJ[u 'inS and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Cmejw and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and U

prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, certait Penalties and Forfeitures are imposedin cases where Goods or Coir.,

modities are found without the Certificate-required by the said Act of the Fortieth Year, to be given by Officers of Excise for the protesting of Goods, and also in cases where such Certificates are

not delivered up, or renewed according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year, it is enacted, that no Penalty or Forfeiture whatever shall accrue, or be incurred by any Perk or Persons whatever, nor shall any Goods or Commodities be ' forfeited, nor be liable to be seized, nor shall any Information, Suit or Prosecution be filed, had, commenced, prosecuted or proceed^ r on for any such Penalty or Forfeiture, or for the Condemnation of any such Goods or Commodities, by reason or in consequence of the Expiration of any such Certificate, or by reason or in consequence of such Certificate not being delivered up, or not being renewed in manner required by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year, unless Notice shall have been given by some Officer of Excise to the Holder of such Certificate Six Days at the leail previous to the filing of any such Information, or the commencing of such Suit or Prosecution, requiring such Holder to renew such Certificate, or to deliver up the same as the case may require, and to take out. 4 new or other Certificate pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this A so much of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid us is herein recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, fr> and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year, whereby such Penalties and Forfeitures arc imposed, shall be put in Force and Execution in mauner directed by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year; any thing in the said cited Act of the Fiftieth Year to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful k any Person licensed to fell Spirits in any manner to fend or deb-out under any Permits any Spirits which shall be of a less Degm Strength than the Strength at which such Person shall have received the same; and if any such Person shall so fend or deliver out unde Permit any Spirits which shall be of a less Strength than as aforefi

A.D. 1815.55 GEO. III. C. 104. 563

all such Spirits which shall be so sent out or delivered* shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits made or distilled Three per Cent, in Ireland\ nor any Ca/k or Package containing any such Spirits, above or below shall be forfeited or liable to Seizure for or by reason of any Excess Strength al-

or Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits, not more than Three per !ovred'

Centum above or below the Strength of such Spirits speci/ied in any such Permit or Certificate; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Permit which shall Not lodging be sent with any Exciseable Goods to any Dealer in or Retailer of ^5mlts Exciseable Goods, shall not be lodged with the proper Officer within timeC^[nIitedn the respective times limited and appointed by Law, every such Dealer

or Retailer shall forfeit for all such Goods and Commodities named

in such Permit or Permits, the respective Sums and Penalties herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every Gallon of Wine, Brandy,

or other Foreign Spirits, or Spirits made in Ireland, the Sum of Ten

Shillings 5 for every Pound Weight of Tobacco or Snuff the Sum of Ten Shillings; and for every Barrel of Malt the Sum of Ten Penalties.

Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint Duplicate of

or Information shall be had or prosecuted against any Person or Permits or Cer-Persons for or on Account of the obtaining or procuring, or causing nficites admitted to be obtained or procured any Permit or Certificate, or for or on asiiV, dence* Account of the not returning or delivering up any Permit or Certificate, or for or on Account of any Act, Matter or Thing, in any manner relating to 6r concerning any Permit or Certificate, whenever it may be necessary to prove the granting or issuing of any such Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of such Permit or Certificate respectively shall in all cases be deemed and taken and shall be admitted as Evidence, that such Permit or Certificate was granted and issued to the Person or Persons, and from the Person mentioned therein without producing or requiring the Production of the original Permit of Certificate which had been granted to such Person or Persons; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Spirits Conveying, fcc. distilled in Ireland, and upon which the full Duties payable by Law sPl, 'ts for which shall not have been paid, secured or satisfied, shall be conveyed or Dut^ not l'aid* delivered to any Person or Persons, or shall be found pa/sing, or in the

Course of Conveyance or Delivery to or in the Custody or Possession

of any Person or Persons by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Perfoivprho shall have obtained, or made use of pen3]t,

such Permit, or in whose Name such Permit shall be granted, shall '

forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings British Currency, for every

Gallon of Spirits mentioned in such Permit or Permits by virtue or

under pretext whereof such Spirits shall have been conveyed, or

/hall be found passing, or in the Course of Conveyance, or in the

Custody or Possession of any Person, and all such Spirits shall be officer granting

forfeited and may be seized, together with the Ca/ks or Vessels in permit.*

which the same shall be contained; and every Officer of Excise who penalty.

/hall knowingly or willingly grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any such Spirits, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency, and shall be disabled and disqualified for ever after upon O o 2 Conviction

S4

Onus probandi.

Rectified Spirits sent out in Quantities not less than Two Gallons.

54 G. 3. c. zao.*IJ-

Unlicensed Persons exjofing to Sale Candles or Soap.

Penalties.

Maker of Hottles to make Entry in manner herein mentioned.

Regulations as to Notices.

C. 104. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Conviction for such Offence, from holding any Office or Place under His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Proof that all Duties have been paid, secured or farisfied on such Spirits shall lie on the Person to whom or in whose Name such Permit shall be granted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person in Ireland, licensed to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, to fell, send out or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters rectified and prepared by them in Imitation of Brandy, Rum or other Foreign Spirits in any Quantity not less than Two Gallons; any thing in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled an Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of iht Commi/poners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commijiontrt of Inland Excise and Taxes1 in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Candles and Soap or either of them shall be found exposed to Sale in the Possession of any Person, the same shall be conclusive Evidence that such Person is a Manufacturer thereof, and had manufactured the same for Sale; and every such Person if not duly licensed to manufacture Candles and Soap or either of them for Sale, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties as Manufacturers of the same for Sale without Licence are by Law subject and liable to, unless such Person shall make due Proof that the Candles or Soap which shall be so found were nude by and received from some licensed Manufacturer thereof, and which Penalties shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the like manner to all Intents and Purposes as Penalties under the said recited Act are directed to be sued for, recovered and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Bottu; made of Common Bottle Metal in lieu and instead of the Entry he is by Law required to make, shall once in every Month; that is to say, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of each Month, make a true Entry in Writing at the Excise Office for the District in which his, her or their Glass House shall be situate, of the Number of Botth and the Denomination thereof, with respect to the Quantities of Liquor they shall be reputed to be capable of containing, maii: within such Month, ending on such Fifth Day of such Month respectively, under and subject to such Rules and Regulations, Fine;. Penalties and Forfeitures, and Mode of Recovery thereof, as are contained in any Act or Acts for the regulating and securing tin Collection of the Duties on Bottles made of Common Bottle Metal in Ireland, with respect to any Entry required to be made by any such Maker of Bottles under the Provisions of the said Act or Act;

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Perf. or Persons subject and chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise, payable to His Majesty in Ireland, shall give or serve, cause to be given or served, any Notice or Notices for any of the Purposes for which any such Person or Persons is or are, or shall be by Law required to give a Notice or Notices, every such Notice and Notices given or served upon any of the Persons upon whom by Law the same ought to be given or served, shall according to the true Meaning and Import of such Notice or Notices, be taken to be gcod and effectual, as against the Person or Persons only who shall nave

I girt:

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 104.

565

given or served, or caused to be given or served the same, although such Notice or Notices shall not be in the Form or shall not have been

fiven or served on all the Persons or within the time or times by Law irested, prescribed, limited or appointed for giving or serving the same, and upon the Trial of any Information or any other Proceeding relating to or in any manner touching or concerning any such Notice or Notices, it shall not be competent to or for such Person or Persons to allege any Imperfection or Defect in the Form of or in the giving or serving of any such Notice or Notices.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Returns made Officers of Excise shall at any time have neglected or omitted, or of L>ut, es omit* shall at any time neglect or omit, to make a Return pursuant to the*to Provisions of any Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland, c 'ir8e'against any Person or Persons chargeable with or liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers or for any other Officer or Officers of Excise, and he and they are respectively required to report the same to the said Commimoners of Excise; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Person or Persons of the Amount of the Duty omitted to have been returned by reason of such Neglect or Omission, and if such Person or Persons shall not within One Calendar Month next after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners why such Person or Persons should not be charged with and pay the Amount of the Duty (b omitted to have been returned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to order a Return to be made by any such Officer or Officers to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District within which such Person or Persons shall then be Kcensed, to carry on his, her or their Trade or Bufmess, of the Amount of such Duty, and fhatttaeturn a Surcharge on fudh Person or Persons; and if such Person or Persons shall not upon Demand or within Ten Days next after such Demand, pay the full Amount of such Duty, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Ten penalty. Pounds together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of such Duty, provided that no such Return shall be a Charge on such Person or Persons unless it shall have been made and the Amount thereof demanded within Nine Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time within which such Return so omitted to have been made, ou'have been made.

And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Penalties, &c. Forfeitures under this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, how levied, &c. sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner, and under such Powers and Authoritifilj and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth 1 1 Fifteenth Years JAksIfl-Car' % of His late Majesty Kin& Charles the Second, intituled An Act for 46 Q. 3. c 106] settling the Excise or new Impojl mpon His Majesty, His Heirs and &c.

Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and

I by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several AS/ relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management vf the CommissioOerl of 1Cujhms and Port Duties, and

II V ' n

5 66

Appeal.

Commencement of Att.

Ante, c. 19.

Manner of charging Duty on Tanners taking out Licence between Sept. 29. 1815 and Jan. 5. 1816.

the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein repeated and rc-enacted with the like remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

CAP. CV.

An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland.

[22d June 1815.]

' HKR-EAS in consequence and by reason of the Alteration

which has been made, in respect of the Duration of ' Licences to any Person or Persons to keep a Tan Yard or Tan ' Pit, or to Tan Leather in Ir dandy by an Act made in the prefect ' Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Duliu of

Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liqm ' by Ret aily and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Con

' modities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon fuel)

Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties and is

regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the i-, moderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; it is expedient to

provide for regulating, in manner herein after mentioned, the charging ' of any Tanner of Hides and Skins with JBark, who shall take out any

Licence to be in force after the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Session of Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That every Tanner of Hides and Skins with Bark, who shall take out any such Licence between the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of tanned Hides and Skins according to the whole Amount of the Number of Cubic Feet contained in all the Pits (except Lime Pits Masterins and Water Pooli, for simple Water) used in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yardb or other Place or Places whatever, called Vats, Handlers ami Latches, or other Pits or Vessels used with or containing Bark; tin1 is to say, every such Tanner shall be charged with and pay a Duty within such Period ending the said Fifth Day of January One thoulkd eight hundred and sixteen, at the Rate of Nine pence by the Year, for and in respect of each and every Cubic Foot contained in all the Pit: in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Places called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Places in which Bark is used, without making any Allowance whatever for the Contents of any Pits called Latches; any Law, Usage or Cullora to the cue-

' 'r'z: tn, 7

5*7

I A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 105.

i trary notwithstanding; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall

make Monthly Returns to the Collector or other Officer in Charge

\ of the Collection of the District in which such Tan Yard shall be

I situated, of the Duty at the Rate aforesaid; that is to say, such

j Officer or Officers shall monthly, within Ten Days after the Fifth

Day of the respective Months of November and December One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and January One thousand eight hundred

and sixteen, make a Return of One Twelfth Part of the whole Amount, of the Sum which such Tanner is by this Act chargeable with, in respect of the whole Number of Cubic Feet in his or her aforesaid

Pits, and such Return shall be a Charge on every Tanner against whom the same shall be made and returned, and shall be received as and for the Amount of the Duty payable by Weight and Tale on Hides and Skins tanned with Bark only, and every such Tanner jl shall pay the Sum so charged and returned: Provided always, that

t the Period between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Fifth

Day of November shall be deemed a Calendar Month within the

Meaning of this Act. il

II. And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Hides and

1 Skins with Bark, who shall take out any Licence to be in force after t the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and il sixteen, shall, between the said Fifth Day of January One thousand il eight hundred and sixteen, and the Fifth Day of January One thousand

1 eight hundred and seventeen, and within every Year following ending

i on the Fifth Day of January, be charged with and pay Duty for a } Quantity of tanned Hides and Skins according to the whole Amount of the Number of Cubic Feet contained in all the Pits (except Lime

I Pits, Masterins and Water Pools for fimpie Water) in his, her or their Tali Yard or Tan Yards, or other Place or Places whatever, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Vessels used with or containing Bark; that is to say, every such Tanner shall be charged with and pay a Duty at the Rate of Nine pence by the Year, in respect of each and every Cubic Foot contained in all the Pits in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Places called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Places in which Bark is used, without making any Allowance whatever for the Contents of any Pits called Latches; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwith-.(landing j and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make monthly Returns to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Tan Yard shall be situated of the Duty at the Rate aforesaid; that is to say, such Officer or Officers shall monthly, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month, make a Return of One ^Twelfth Tart of the whole Amount of the Sum which such Tanner is by this Act chargeable with in respect of the whole Number of Cubic Feet in his or her aforesaid Pits within the Year and such Return shall be a Charge on every Tanner against whom the same shall be made and returned, and shall be received as and for the Amount of the Duty payable by Weight and Tale on Hides and Skins tanned with Barit only 5 and every such Tanner shall pay the Sum so charged and returned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Tanner with Bark shall, at any time between the Fifth Day of May and the Dfifth Day of 0Sober in any Year, be desirous to discontinue the WoAing or ttfing of any of the Pits or Vats in his or her 'fan Yard, O 0 4 used

I

1

What deemed

Calendar

Month.

Manner of charging Duty on Tanners taking out Li* cences after Jan. 5. 1816.

Tanners desirous of discontinuing working of Pits being (not more than One Fourth of Nuar

5<S8

ber, &c.)> allowed co do so, subject to Regulations of 5$ G. 3. c. 6o.

53 G. 3. c. 60. See. extended to Ad.

Ad* construed as One Ad.

Aute, c. 19.

C. 105, 10 6. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18it

used with Bark (being not more than One Fourth of the Number such Pits or Vats, nor more than the Number of Pita or Vats i shall contain One Fourth of the Number of Cubical Feet in tb whole Number of such Pits or Vats), such Person shall be allowe so to do, under and subject to all the Regulations, Provisiom Restrictions and Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, in and by 1 Ad made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled An Act for the better Co lie Sion of the Duties on Hides a* Skins tanned or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment ml in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on His Majests Revere therein, directed, required, appointed and in Aided in respect to th discontinuing the working or using of any Pits or Vats under th Provisions of the said last recited Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein re-enacted and applied to the discontinuing of the Work of any Tanner with Bark as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery and Deduction of Duty, provided, mentioned, contained and allowed in and by the said last recited Act of the Fifty third Year, or in any other Act (a) or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, shall be applied and put in Practice in the suing for, collecting, recovering, levying, paying or allowing any Duties chargeable against any Tanner under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Modes of Recovery and Deductions of Duty had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act and applied thereto, except so far as the same are altered by this Act; and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Ad, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are altered by this Act. (a) [See 54 G.J3. c. 120. }6, 7.]

CAP. CVI.

A11 Afc to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper printed, painted or Rained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Uses.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS in consequence and by reason of the Alteration ' which has been made in respect of the Duration of Licences ' to Persons to manufacture Paper Hangings in Ireland, by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act tope?

certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous ml

other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing

Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties pay*:

upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Dutu -

and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discouragt /

' immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; it is expedient

provide for regulating, in manner herein after mentioned, the charg:

' of every Paper Stainer in Ireland who shall have taken out or Sail takeout any such Licence to manufacture Paper Hangings after the

C. io 6.

S69

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That every Paper Stainer who Manner of

shall have taken out, or shall take out, any such Licence, to be in charging Duty

force between the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 00 l>aJ!cr

hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand ceVces between"

eight hundred and sixteen, shall, for each and every Calendar Month March 25. 1815,

within such Period, while any Table or Tables of such Paper Stainer and Jan. j. iBrf.

+shall be by Law chargeable as working, be charged with, and pay for each and every such Table worked or used, or chargeable as aforesaid, not less than the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four pence, as and for the Duty, according to the Number of Square Yards of printed, painted or stained Paper, which may be stamped, printed, painted or stained, at any such Table, within such Month:

Provided always, that if the Duty chargeable by Measure on the Paper which shall be actually damped, printed, painted or stained at such Table, within such Month, shall exceed the said Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four pence, then such Paper Stainer shall be charged with and pay such Excels of the Duty on all such Paper, according to the Measure thereof; and such Duties shall be charged and returned, and every such Paper Stainer shall pay the same, under such Rides, Regulations and Directions, and subject to such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti- 45 G. 3. c.ic6. tuled An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred andfix, and amendseveral Acts, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or Jlained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, or under any Act or Acts in force for continuing or amending the same, as if the said Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein enacted and applied to the said Duties, and the Payment thereof, in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same are by the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, applied to the Duties and the Payment thereof in the said Act mentioned: Provided always, that the Period What deemed between the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight ^Jlen?ar hundred and fifteen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand MoQtb* eight hundred and sixteen, shall be deemed a Calendar Month, within the Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every Notice which shall Notice* for corobe given by any Paper Stainer for commencing or recommencing to menc, n8 or re- work at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand b?

eight hundred and sixteen, no other Day shall be mentioned than ^isth D<iy of the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year and that no Paper Month, and Stainer shall commence or recommence working, except on such Day for discon-Sixth Day of such Month respectively; and that every Table shall be to be presumed to be kept regularly at work, from the Day mentioned in any Notice so to be given by any Paper Stainer for the commencing or recommencing to work, until such Working shall be duly discontinued according to Law; and that the Day mentioned in any Notice for so discontinuing or ceasing to work shall be the Fifth Day o( some Month in the Year.

After Jan. 5. 1816, instead of present Charges, Paper Stainers r.harp< d with Duty in manner herein men-ttoued.

Duty not paid. Penalty.

Officer to leave Copy of Return in Writing.

[Penalty.]

If Duty shall not amount to 1 at 10s. for Tables for Stamping, &c. for any Year ending 5 th Jan. Return of Deficiency made to Collector, to be a Charge on Paper Stainers.

C. 106. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in lieu and instead of the monthly and yearly Charges on Paper Stainers in Ireland, under any Act or Acts in force, every such Paper Stainer shall be charged in manner herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say, every such Paper Stainer shall, for each and every Cab* dar Month while any Table or Tables of such Paper Stainer shall be by Law chargeable as working, be charged with and pay for each and every such Table worked or used or chargeable as aforesaid, not less than the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four pence, as and for the Duty, according to the Number of Square Yardsor printed, painted or stained Paper, which may be stamped, printed, painted or stained at any such Table, within such Month: Provided always, that if the Duty chargeable by Measure on the Paper which shall be actually stamped, printed, painted or stained, at such Table, within such Month, shall exceed the said Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four pence, then such Paper Stainer shall be charged with and pay such Excess of the Duty on all such Paper, according to the Measure thereof; and the Officer or Officers of Excise in charge of the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall make Monthly Returns to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Manufactory shall be situate, of the Sum of Money with which such Paper Stainer is hereby chargeable; that is to say, such Officer or Officers shall Monthly within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month make a Return of the Sum of Money with which such Paper Stainer is hereby chargeable for such Period of One Calendar Month for and in respect of eachand every such Table, and also of the Quantities, in Square Yards, of Paper actually printed, painted or stained by such Paper Stainer within such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duty thereon according to the Measure thereof; and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Stainer for such Calendar Month, and such Paper Stainer shall pay the Duty, appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Fourteen Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every Paper Stainer shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged; and every such Officer shall and is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Wriung under his Hand, with every such Paper Stainer, or at such Manu-fadory, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Omission in so doing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duty charged on any Paper Stainer in any One Year ending on the Fifth Day of January shall not amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings for and in respect of each and every Table for (lamping, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings, which shall have bea kept, or used, or worked by any such Paper Stainer at any tin* within the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of January, then and in such case the Officer or Officers in charge of the Manufactory of any such Paper Stainer shall within Ten Days after such Fifth Day of January make a Return to the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collcdion of the District in which such Manufactory

15 (hill

57*

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III..C. 106, 107.

-: a shall be situate, of such Sum of Money for and in respect of each

such Table as with the Sums comprized in former Returns against such Paper Stainer in the Year ending on such Fifth Day of January ksk shall amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings r.ffl for and in respect of each and every such Table kept, or used, or

ah worked by any such Paper Stainer at any time within such Year 5

and such Return shall be a Charge on such Paper Stainer, who shall s]f pay the Sums appearing by such Return to have been incurred and

: ii become due. within Seven Days after such Return, or in Default

thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Penalty, a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Sums which shall be so is returned.

& V. And be it further enacted, That every Charge by this Act Duty how

sfc directed to be made against any Paper Stainer, and the Duty in levied*

respect thereof shall be made and returned by the Officer, and the said Duty shall be paid by the Paper Stainer in such manner and g under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and For-fe feitures, and-Modes of Recovejy thereof, as are contained in the 5( said recited Act of the Forty'fifth Year aforesaid, for regulating 45 0.3. c. 106.

y and securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted or Rained in

[I Ireland, or in any other Act or Ad6 in force in Ireland relating

g to the Duties on such Paper, so far as the same are consistent and

-compatible with each other, save and except such Rules and Regula-

j, tions as are expressly altered by this Act; and that all such Rules, f Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery

thereof, so far as the same are consisteHt and compatible with each

I other, and (except as aforesaid) shall be applied in the charging,

1 laying, collecting and recovering all such Duties as fully and effec-.tu^ly to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Rules, Regulations,

Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. CVII. An Act to regulate the Appointment of Governors of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS it hath been found necessary to build and ered, in the City of Dublin, an Asylum or Hospital for the Re- ception and Management of Lunatic Patients: And Whereas the A building of such Asylum hath been begun and proceeded on, under the Care and Direction of the Governors of the House of Industry < in Dublin, and hath been and is called and known by the Name < of "The Richmond Lunatic Asylum 5" and divers Sums, for or < towards such Building, have been included in the Estimatea returned < to Parliament by or from the said Governors, and have accordinglybeen included in the Grants from time to time made to the said Governors; and it is expedient that the said Asylum or Hospital should be from henceforth under the Care of separate and distipd ' Governors; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Lord Lieutenant lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant; or other Chief Governor or empowered to Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint any Persone, not appoint Gover-exceeding fifteen in Number, to be Governors of the said Asylum; unat, c

- and y

C. 107.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18ip

Governors a

Governors to obey Orders of Lord Lieutenant.

Governors may appoint House-

and from time to time to fill up all Vacancies which shall happen in the said Body, by whatever means, and to appoint new Goto-dou; but so as that the Number of such Governors shall not at any out time exceed Fisteen, and from time to time to remove any of the said Governors at his or their Will and Pleasure.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Governors shall be

maynwkc By e- a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and shall have perpetual Sot-Laws. y'cession in manner aforesaid, and shall be called "The Govemon of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin, " and shall have a Common Seal, and shall have full Power to make Bye-Laws for the Regulation, Direction and Management of themselves, and of the said Asylum and of the Patients therein, and of all and every Physicians, Surgeons, Apothecaries, Housekeepers, Nursetenders, and other Attendants, Officers and Servants, of what Nature or Descriptia soever, of or belonging to the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Governors shall obey all lawful Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, signified to them by the Chief Secretary, or, in his Absence, by the Under Secretary for the CivO Department.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

k e er &c and an<* ^or t^ie^Governors from time to time, with the Consent and (with Consent of Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or

Lord Lieute- Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint such and so many

nant) Physicians, Housekeepers, Nursetenders, and other Attendants, Officers and ftc.and pay vants, in and for the said Asylum, as may seem fitting and proper;

Fundsof of an<* ^at a kwfal for the said Governori from time to

Asylum. time, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant,

or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint such and so many Medical Attendants for the said Asylum as may seem fitting and proper, and with such Consent and Appro* bation to direct and pay out of such Funds as shall be at their I)if-posal, to all and every the Person and Persons so appointed as aforesaid, whether as Physicians, Surgeons or Apothecaries, or as Housekeepers, Nursetenders, or otherwise, such yearly of other Governors may Sums as they shall think reasonable; and it shall oe lawful for the remove, &c. Offi- said Directors to suspend or remove at their Pleasure any of the kid cer$* Persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be hwfel to and for the said Governors from time to time to take and receive, by Gift, Grant, Devise or other Conveyance of what nature or W soever, for the Use of the said Asylum, and for or toward*Aefbpg the several Expences thereof, any Lands, Tenements or ments in Ireland, not exceeding in the whole the yearly V ' hundred Pounds at the time of so act

VI. And be it further enacted, That-any may do and perform any thing requii vernors under this Act, as fully and verrors might do if personal'

Governors assembled at any shall- be pitfentf ftaH-bave fulI Pi

wVUlMJPS

Asylum empowered to receive Gifts and Bequests of Laud.

Three Governors a Quorum.

573

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

0. 107.

an

it

m

Gw

n

M lb t at Ji

it 1}

ifr

7*

f)

if

thereto belonging or therewith intended to be used, occupied or enjoyed, shall be and remain vested in the said Governors and their Successors for ever, together with all Materials thereon; and that all Sums granted as aforesaid to the Governors of the House of Industry, and not actually paid or expended on, in or towards the building or erecting of such Asylum, or procuring Ground ^Materials for the same, shall be forthwith paid over and delivered to the Governors of the said Asylum, by the Governors of the said House of Industry; and that all and every Materials, Matters and Things, for the purchasing or procuring of which Credit shall be claimed by the Governors of the said House of Industry, and which shall not have been actually used, applied or expended in or for the same, shall also be forthwith delivered in like manner to the Governors of the said Asylum, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and for that Purpose the said Governors of the House of Industry shall forthwith account, before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland, for all and every Sum and Sums heretofore granted to them as aforesaid, or otherwise, for or on Account of the said Asylum, and which shall not have been duly accounted for at some time before the Commencement of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Governors of the House of Industry shall have contracted any Debts to Workmen, or otherwise, for or on account of the said Asylum, which shall remain unpaid, they shall (late the same in passing their said Accounts} and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the same were fairly incurred for the Benefit or Purposes of the said Asylum, they shall certify the same at the Foot of such Account, and thereupon the said Corporation so created under this Act shall be liable to pay the same, in like manner as the said Governors of the said House of Industry would have been; and from the signing of such Certificate, the said Governors of the House of Industry shall be altogether freed and discharged therefrom.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Asylum shall once in every Year, at such times as they shall be required by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland, well and truly account before the said Commissioners for all and every Sum and Sums of Money received and paid by them, for or on Account of the said Asylum in any manner whatsoever, or from any Person, or out of any Fund whatsoever, whether Public or Private.

X. And be it enacted, That if it shall be or be deemed necessary at any time hereafter to enlarge the Building of the said Asylum, or the Out Offices thereof, or the Ground fit or necessary to be enjoyed therewith, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, but not otherwise, to make such Enlargement or Extension accordingly, by and with such Funds and Means as they may then have for that Purpose; and for that Purpose to take and receive, by Gift, Grant, Devise or otherwise, such Ground as may be necessary, and as may be described in such Warrant of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, which shall or may be over and above such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid.

8cc. in Possession of House of Industry, vested in and delivered over to Governors of Asylum.

House of Indus-tiy to account before Auditors of Public Accounts.

On Cerificate of Auditors, Asylum liable to Debt* remaining due for erecting Asylum.

G vemors of Asylum to account yearly before Auditors.

Building, &r. of Asylum enlarged under Warrant of Lord Lieute-

574

Act amended, See.

[Commencement of Act.]

C.I07, I08.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18r{.

Officer or Private Man during Continuance of Act, deserting, &c.

Number of Forces 190, 767.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That this Act may be amended; altered or repealed in this present Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Clause and Matter therein shall commence and begin to have Effect from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after tie passing thereof, and not sooner.

Cap. cvm.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion j and for tit better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is again! Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, aid this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces Should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Post& fions of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces Should consist of One hundred and ninety thousand seven hundred and sixty seven effective Officers and Men, exclusive of His Majesty's Forces employed in the Territorial Possessions of the Eaf Ink Company, the Foreign Corps in British Pay, and the embodied Militia: Apd Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within & Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and eftiblilkd Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the ufoil Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by The Eng's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be Commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, os who is or shall be Lifted or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer dier, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Act, Mlk excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours'to {$ the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thertiofl manding Officer; or shall milbenave himself shall Ihamefully abandon or deliver up any G or Guard committed to his Cham, or whlcT? to defend; or shall compel the Got any Garrison, Fortress or Post, to' del abaftdOttthe fuBWj or shall spea,

A.D. 18i$;

55 GEO. III. C. 108.

575

leave his Pod before relievedor shall be found deeping on his Pod; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to found Aaeping any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Mestages, "Pon h, s Pul* Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall jflrike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer, being r*king or dif-in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command b.2.y, ns fuP*r, <* of his Superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all cer* and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such Death, other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That Soldiers enlisted no Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall desert His Majesty's , n olher ReS>-Service, shall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties imposed by this cnt>5*

Aa for such Offence, by again enliding into His Majesty's Service;

but any such Soldier shall, notwithstanding such subsequent Enlid-ment, be deemed to have deserted His Majesty's Service, and shall in like manner suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Denth.

Martial shall be awarded.

III. And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Soldiers, who 1 of Right belong to Corps from which they have deserted, may be 4. proceeded against and tried for deferring any other Corps in which they may afterwards have enlided, or from His Majesty's Service,

4 if they shall hot after such subsequent enliding have been placed in any Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whild serving therein Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Deserters enlist* Soldier shall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and punished inS other in like manner as if he had originally enlided in, and of Right be-longed to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, ' Company, Detachment or Party, in which he shall be at the time of any subsequent Desertion, or committing any Offence, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to some other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been discharged therefrom: Provided always, that if such Person Proviso for Men shall be claimed by such other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, cLimed. Detachment or Party, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlided, may (unless he shall already have been tried for the same) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime; previous Notice being always given to such Deserter of Notice, the Fad or Fasts intended to be produced in Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case of any Deserter trans-Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, tried and convicted of Defer- ported; tion, whensoever the Court Martial which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial shall not think the Offence deferring of Capital Punishment, such Court Martial may, indead of awarding a Corporal Pu-.nishment, adjudge the Offender according to the Nature of the Offence, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for returning before flLife or for a certain Term of Years: And if such Non Commis- Expiration of Jfioned Officer or Soldier, haring been adjudged to be transported T.rm.

C. 108.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Death.

His Majesty, where Courts Martial award Capital Punish.

transported.

as a Felon shall afterwards (without Leave from Hk- Majesty, ( from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to whic he shall have been transported) return into or be found at larg without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Pai of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irel<mdt or in any c His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, other than the Place to which ii shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limit? by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinar course of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudge guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Beck of Clergy.

V. Provided, and be it enacted, That in all cases wherein a Capita Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court Martial, it shall hi lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carrie:

mrnr, mny order into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felo: Offenders to be for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to His MajestylH seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards (without Leave from Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found a: large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Possessions Abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have bet transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or General Regimental Court Martial to sentence any Nan Commissioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Desertion by such Court, to general Service as a Soldier, and that His Majesty may thereupon direct that such Service shall be in any Regiment or Re* giments, or Corps, and in any Country, or Place* or Places, Abrod or otherwise, as He may think fit.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Non Commissioned officer or Soldier in any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Foroes, so convicted of Desertion, shall appear t have enlilled for a limited Term of Years, it shall be lawful for such Court to sentence any such Non Commissioned Officer or Seedier so enlisted in any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regulr Forces to serve for Life as a Soldier, or for any Number of Year-beyond the Period for which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlisted in the Regiment in which lie so eniiil or generally in any Regiment or Corps which His Majesty shall pi to direct; and any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier may in case, in addition to any Service, be further adjudged to forfeit Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Peflftoi. Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non Cl missioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his St

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for: Court Martial, before which any Non Commissioned Officer or 2> dier shall be tried and convicted of Desertion, to direct, if it flu!' think fit, in addition to any other Punishment Rich Court aajftwird for any such Desertion, that such Deserter be marked on th'i Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.) ft

Death.

Deserter sentenced to feive as a Soldier in any Corps.

Deserter en-lifted for a limited Term, sentenced to serve for Life, See.

IVVark affixed on B >ciy of Defer-

C. 108.

577

11 A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

& Letter not for be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with same Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to (U be visible and conspicuoua and not liable to be obliterated.

ib

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall Sentence of

aji intend any Sentence of a Court Martial of Transportation to be

carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend His c ommander in [all Mercy, upon Condition of Transportation, to any Offender liable Ciiiet or Adju-fjl to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, taut General to such Sentence, together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the same,bc^vho shall be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief for the n^u make Order time being of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain, or in the for Tmiiporia-jjg Absence of the Commander in Chief, then by the* Adjutant General non as by^for the time being, to any Justice of the King's Bench, Common4 0*3* SelT.a, jg, Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif; and c* 56,

thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon

I the same, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or 51 do by an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His Majesty's ! Reign, intituled An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons < and other Offenders, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in j certain cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned (/i), with respect to Offenders in fu h Act mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer \ and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Order and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such Acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and

1 done by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that

time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be

as effectual and have all the same Conf quences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Act with respect to any Offender in the said Act mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Constablet and other Persons, shall be bound to ob the aforesaid Order and Orders, be. assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same, ptiftishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation. (a) [Repealed, post. r. 156. $ I.]

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Baron who Su: h Norific*-foall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any such Notification J

of His Majesty's Pleasure as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notifi- Of The\rywn cation, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of The Crown of His Majesty's Court of Kine'B Bench* and to be there kept of Record; and the said Clerk of The Crown Fee.

{ball recciy* a Fee of Two Shilling* and Six pence, and no more, for filing the same.

XI. And be ik: farther enacted, That the said Clefk of The VThoftsIIoa Cftfrn of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench shall, upon the Ap- ^!c*uvn <f-plication of any web Offender who shall be ordered by His Majesty of #JGjbo. III. P p to

S7

Sentence of Transportation in India, Sic. notified by Officer commanding in Chief to some Judge of One of Supreme Courts, who shall make Order for Transportation.

Offender* under

Sentence of Death obtaining conditional Pardon, subject to Daw* of Escape, &c.

Kingn^iy grant Commission for balding Courts

C ip& s^GtO.W. i'3.th

ftp -hr taapfoprted as ofoefeid, r of pthorfPetfra applyiag on 1 feebplf, or of the Application of any Peifoo on behalf of Majesty, deliver a Certificate in Writjpg under his Hand (not takii for the same more -Jww Two Shillings and 6ix pence), contain!] fco Account of the Christian Name and Surname of web.Offend; of fits Offence, of the Hace where the Court was held, before who fee was couvisted, and of the Term and Condkiow oo which Majesty's Order for such Offender's Tcapfpootaticm was gitei wbj, ch Certificate (had fee fgfijcient Proof of the Conviction and & tepee of such Offender, and dlfo of the Terns on which such Ord for his Transpprtatiop was given, ip any pourt, and in any Pr Seeding wherein it may fee necessary to enquire into the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wheofu gny Sentence of Transportation passed by any Court Martial hold; in the East Indie* pr in His Majesty's Settlements of the C&U i Good Hope or Ccykn or ip any Settlement occupied by His Majesty -feorce* beyopd the Cape of Good Hope is to be canard mt0 jCUtion, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Pc pishment of Death by the Sentence of any fneb Court Martial, upo Oonditifeon of Transportation, the same shall be notified in Writ fey the Officer commanding in Chief His Majesty's Force* in hi pr at the Cape of Good Hope, or in the Island of Ceyloa, oral an; other Foreign Settlement, Istand, Territory or Country belonging ti His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the United Coir, pany of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi hit a, or in thi Abftmce of the Officer commanding in Chief, then by the AdjuLam General for the time being, to some Judge of One of the Supra Courts of Judicature of the Presidencies of Fort fVidum, F* Saint George or Bomlfiy, or the Chief Justice or other judge at thi Island of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any such other Setti: inept, Istand, Territory or Country respectively as aforesaid, an thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Tnofpomtui of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which shall b< specified ip such Notification, and shall also make such other Ordei or Orders, and dp all such other Ah consequent upon the same, ai any such Judge is authorized to make or do with respect to Offender; ordered to be transported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts is India, and the Governor and Council of such Presideacy, or Gc pernor of such Settlement* Istand, Territory or Country respedhei Avail, and they are hereby required to take Order for the Tranipcr: Btion of all such Offenders accordingly.

XIII. And be it furthar enacted, That if any Offender ar.d.i Sentence of Death by u Court Martial as aforesaid, shall obt: i His Majesty's conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every < Laws now in force, touching the Escape of Felons under Seatrwt of Death, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Perfpni aidu: \ abetting or assisting in any Escape, or intended Escape of any lu'-i Offender, or contriving any such Escape from the time when fntJ Order shall be made by such Justice or Baron as aforesaid, anddt ing all the several Proceedings which shall be had for the Purp^-1 aforesaid.

XIVv And be it further enacted by the Authority aforssThat His Majesty may, from time to time, gFant a Commission, ur the Royal Sign Manual) for the holding of General Courts M!

vtki

A.D. 1$i 55 GEO. III. C. tots. $7$

within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like manner as has been heretofore nfed; and that His Majesty may

'J likewise, from time to time, by His Royal Commission, empower

the Chief Governor or Gorernors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of His Majesty's Dominion! a* beyond the Seas respectively, or the Person or Persons there commanding io chief His Majesty's Forces for the time being, and may also from time to time extend his Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ire*

Butd, and to any General or other Officer having the Command of 3 >i* Body of His Majesty's Forces within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions, or else-rh where beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer corn-nil manding such Body of Forces for the time being, empowering them ll|i respectively to appoint General Courts MartiS, as well as to authorize any Officer under their respective Command, not below the

3 Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as t\ Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any*of their Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall fi have been so committed before or after such General Officer shall i have taken upon himself such Command; all which Courts Martial y stall be constituted, and ib.all regulate their Proceedings according h to the several Provisions herein after specified.

XV. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, Second Time foi j That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any same Offcuce. j Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second time by the same or any other Court Martial for the same Offence, unless in the case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court Martial; and that bo Sentence given by any Court Martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall Ordinary Pro, extend or be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever c*edin8* from being proceeded against by the ordinary Conrfe of Law.

XVII. Provided also, That if any Officer, Non Commissioned Persons accused Officer cr Soldier, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Capital Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of iiv*rrt*over to*" His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of civil MajUUate, the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, &c.

Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use nis and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and affiflting to the Officers of Justice in the feixing and apprehending fneb Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and' if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Pur pole, to deliver over any Rich accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, an4 being thereof conv: ded, upon any Information or Indi#ment in any of His Majesty*! Courts of Record at Westmnstir, or in any of His Majest/s Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, shall be deemed and ta&efi to be tpfo fade cashiered, 3d shall be utterly disabled to have or hold, any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Ktagr duo of Great Britain za&JIreland, or in His Majesty's Service, and P p 2 a Certi-

Persons acquitted, &c. by Civil M'giltme, cashiered.

Officers and Soldiers im*rifoned upon Charge of Criminal Offence, to receive no Hay during Confinement, but if acquitted entitled to Arrears at rerum to Corps, and if convicted to forfeit Pay during Confinement.

General Court Martial, Number ef Members.

C. 10S. GEO. nii A.D. 1815.

a. Certificate thereof shall be transinitfed to the Judge Advocate ii London* if such Conviction shall be in Great Britain, or to the Judg-Advocate in Dublin, if such Conviction shall be in Ireland

XVIII. Provided also, That no Person or Persons, being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crimes, Violences or Offences by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished byaCour Martial for the same, otherwise than bycaftiiering.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall be arrested and committee to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive ari Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Bay of h i Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong; provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall upon his Return to his Corps be entitled to receive all Arrears df Pay which were growing due during tbs time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of his Confinement as well under the original Commitment a under any Commitment consequent upon such Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland the Chi.! Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the I flue and Payment, to any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during any such Commitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprisonment, or after the Discharge of such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, after Conridion, or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary of War, or if in Ireland to such Chief or Under Secretary as aforesaid, to be proper, and the Order of the Secretary at War, or such Chief or Undersecretary in Ireland as the case may require, for the Payment of such by or Arrears shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this Act shall consist of Thirteen or Nine Commissioned Officers, as the case may require 5 except the same shall be holden upon any Officer, K" Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier of His Majesty's Fonv, which shall be serving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging t the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the ; / Indies; in which cases any General Court Martial may consist of asy Number not iejs than Seven, and except the same shall be holden i Africa, or in New South Wales, in which Places such General Couru Martial may consist of any Number not less than Five; of when none shall be under the Degree of a Commissioned Officer; nor the President of any General Court Martial be the Officer co? -manding in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offer- shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unlcfe wh y. a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any case whatsoever under t!; Degree of a Captain.

m Provide:

: fc a

C.toS.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

5181

XXI. Provided always, and bp it further enacted, That it shall be In whit case lawful for any General or other1 Officer commanding any Station, or G5neilILor commanding any Division, Brigade, Detachment or distinct Party be-

[Proviso.]

longing to any Army of His Majesty, which may at any time be Stations abroad serving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Domi- may tummon nions, upon Complaint made to him of any Crime or Crimes, Of- General Courts fence or Offences done or committed again fl the Property or Person Martial, of any Inhabitant of or resident in any such Countries by any Non Commissioned Officer, Soldier or other Person serving with or belonging to His Majesty's Armies in the Field, Ving under the immediate Command of any such General or other Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a General Court Martial which shall consist of not lefa than Three Officers at the lead for the Purpose of trying any such Person or Persons accused or suspected of having committed any such Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences as aforesaid, notwithstanding such General or other Officer shall not have received from His Majesty, or from any Person having His Majesty's Authority in that beh tlf, any Warrant or Warrants empowering such General or other Officer to summon oraffemble Courts Martial, and every such Court M irtial flull have Power to try any such Person or Persons so accused or fufpp&ed as aforesaid, and to adjudge any Inch Person or Persons to fnffer any such Pun* foment as shall be prescribed for any Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences with which any such Person or Persons shall be charged before such Court Martial: Provided al- ways, that no Sentence of any such Court Martial "shall be executed Until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment or Party to which any Person so tried, tonvicted and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the same: Provided also, that every such Provisi*

Court Martial shall have such and the same Powers for summoning and examining Witnesses? and Witnesses guilty of Perjury, on Exa- Pei jury, mination before them, shall besubje& and liable to the same Penalties and Punishments as are or shall be by any Law or Usage in force in relation to any other Court Martial or to any Witnesses examined before any other Court Martial.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no General Courts General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officer (except the same Martial (Excop-shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Do- Monels thm11" minions, and out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United g. Members^ Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in

Africa or New South Wales), shall consist of less than Thirteen Members.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ge* No General neral Court Martial, con filling of any less Number than Thirteen Co|?rt Commissioned Officers, unk'fs holden in any Place beyond the Seas JJe/to L06 ef" out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements Ltfc> See. belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales as aforesaid,

shall sentence any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Lois of Life or Limts or Transportation.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Genend Court, he lawful for any such General Courts Martial, by their Sentence or ^"corpord'11-Judgment, to infiift Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, or Corporal punishment or Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as fu^hCourt shall think imprisonment,

P p 3 fit,

s8*

C. 108.

55 GEO. III.

&c.for Immorak fit, on any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier for Immoral itifi

Pro v if.

General or other Courts Martial may Sentence Non Commi ffioned Officers or Soldi: rs to

See.

Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, or to adjudge a Forfeiture of a Benefit or Advantage as ta Increase of Pay, or as to Pcniion whic might otherwise have accrued ta such Non Commissioned Officer a Soldier from the Length or Nature of hi Service; Provided alvayi that it shall not be lawful for any General Regimental Court Mania to award fuc Forfeiture of Benefit or Advantage as to Incrtafe u Bay or as to Pension as aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatittai be lawful for any Generator other Court Martial to sentence any Noj Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Imprisonment in any Houseol Com ftion, Common Gaol or Public Prison, or in any other Plac* whi$h. such Court may deem fit and convenient for that Purpose; ?.&d HouVof'cor, M^Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction or Prisons tall rediouor Gaol ^eeive into their Custody, and keep in Confinement for such time 21*they shall be respectively required so to do, or until discharged, ary Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who may have been sentenced to Imprisonment by any General or other Court Martial, and (bail provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Com* roiffioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of such Court during the Period of his Imprisonment upon receiving an Order, is Writing, from the Commanding Officer of the District within which such General Court Martial shall have been held, or from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier so tried by any Regimental Court M<*rtial as aforesaid shall belong; and every such GaeJer or Keeper of acy such House of Correction shall, upon receiving any Orderin Writing from any such Commanding Officer as aforesaid, deliver any such Noa Commissioned Officer or Soldier to any Person, on producing fud Order, although the Period for which he was originally lent to such Gaol or House of Correction shall not have expired; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison, who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Nob Commissioned Officer or Soldier in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Inform* Btion for the L'fe of His Majesty.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier frntenced to ImpFifonmeat by any General or other Court Martial shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day ofkii Commitment during the time of such Imprisonaaest; and also, tkt during the Contmnance of any Imprisonment in any Gaol or Poole of Correction, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or House of Cor-re ft ion in Great Britain, and in Inland the Inspector under whcie immediate Inspection such House of Correction, Gaol or Prison tail be, shall receive and apply in the Maintenance of such Nob Com*: !-fioned Officer or Soldier the Suns of Nfoe pence pet Dm out f ike Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer er Soldier dtutag tie time that such Nos Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall tentiiurio Custody, which find Sum the Secretary at War in Grmit Mritsk, ar. 1 in Ireland the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lutetait, or other Chd Governor, or in hfoAb&ftce the Under Secretary for the Mi&ry Department, is hereby authorised and required to eaufetolepi to the said Gaoler or Keeper, 61 Inspectnr wspectively as afritfrd, upon receiving u Appbcatioa in Writing % u>4 hp d

11 the

Gaolers refusing to receive De-lerters.

[Penalty.]

In what case Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers to forier Pay. Allowant e to Gaolers, Stc,

i j^ossift dtolt $8i

' <ke Pn*f<wfhe CSwftf #f Kicfirfjf in which fttcff $ao4, Prtfort at

Hbttfo of Cdltt&kW* flbril be kttalty flrutfe, together- with*Copy of

k ftaf kd# itfrtfcr wUteh-tfitf fold Non <&ffimissioned Office* Or Soldi#

[Proviso.]

Ki #&* confined: - Piwidfed artWaytt^ that it* shall be lftwful so* t\i Secte*

trtty at- Wa*V # for* focfc Chifcf Sedteftry as1 afottsaid, Or iW hi* Ati*

i schoe for1 the Unde* Soo#ttory for the MUitiafy Department fot* tbd

u tSntt* being, if HO' (Hwrid fbfol* fit, W order the Issue and Payirffcfrtr df

arty Ariem aflhf, of of ftof Surplus-of ftieH Pay, oi-atiy P6t*timt 5 thereof o oPby Ap*e*teftt>fV to or ort account of such Not*

i Corawtkiotted Officer or Sbldtets daring of after the Expiration of

i rite Period1 of His MprisonrftetitV in* #iy Gaoli House of Goritt&icmr

t or Place of Mtimf Cotfaimem.

I XXVtf* And* bt' it1 ftlrtfter' euadCdv That all Genersd a+id otHei4 Courts Martial I Gowt# Martial hall'have Power awds Authority, and art? Hereby rts m*y administer

i quite* to adtfrinift# aa OatH- tn ovetf Wirnest, io order tb the Exa^ |Lh tcyVWl"

I initiation of Trial of any of the Gffettoew that shall cdttfe before tHatf. neffcs*

XXVPH. Provided always, a?nd bd it; fittther etta^edy That ih alli OfiBcersfworn. Trials by General Courts Martial- tO> bt' belli by virtue of this Act, every Mrtftbvr atiiding atfueh Trial* bfcfote'atay Proceedings be had thereupon, ftfolPtffilte rife folfowirig4 OfttHa itport the Holy Evangeliilu, before the KkI|^ A'dvoOate, or Hifc EDfcpOty fwho are hereby authored to adnihfi&e the fofhe)<; tharihtb say,

VOXf (Hail3 WeH* and' truly try atard'cftfterfrtiiie, according roytfut Oaths taken by ' L Eridbeo ia* the Matt# rtotr before you. Sio heljr you Gob/ all Members of

f A.B. do swear, That't Will'dhlV admiriirter Juf6ce, according MmiA*-oun

to the Pules and1 Articles for the Better Government of

MajestVs fortes, and* according to art A<9f of Parliament now in' force for tf eTuniftiment of Mutiriy- and Desertion, and other Crimea' therein mentioned, without' Partiality, Favour or Affection; atfd if r any Doubts ftalPstrife (*, which irf notfeHplained By the said Articles,

or Act of Parliament)': according to my Conscience, the belt of

' Understanding, and the Cutfom of 'War in the like cases: And E 4* further (Wear, That t Wilt not' divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by Kis Majesty, or by some Piefrfbn duly 4* authorized by Him; neither \VilM, upon any Account', at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court ICIhrtlal) unless required to give Evidence thereof as a "Witness, By a Court of JWlice or a Ooiwt r Martial1, in a due Courfoof EavV. 4 So help me GOlJ.*

And so soon as the said Oaths (Kail KaVe Been administered to the Judge Advocate respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized sworn. and required to admini(ft!r to the Judge Advocate^ of the Perfod-officiating as such, an Oath in the folfowinigWords:

4* J A. & do swear^. That I will not upon any Account, *t>affy tfme Oath.-4^whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any per-4* ticular Member of the Court Martial, unlessr required^ to give Evi-i

dence thereof, as' a Witrtefk By a Court of Justice- or a'CowrU

Martial, ini a due Chuffo of Lav*. So help' meGOfi.',

And no Sentence of Death shall be given a gain (f any Offender in fuel* In Sentences of case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present shall* Denh, what concur therein (except such General^ Court Martial shall be hoi den Number of ill any Place Beyond the Seas out of ns-Marjp^y's Dominions, or 10 C0Q-aotin any, of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of

P p 4 Merchants

s*S

Hours of Trial.

Witnesses at-T'-ndin^ Court! Martial privileged fro.n Art eft.

Witnesse* not attending attached.

Proceedings, in Tiials by Courts Martial other than General Courts Martial.

Oaths tdcen by hi embers of Courts Martial*

CX108* 55#' GEO. Hf.' A.D. 181;

Merchants of Englandtrading to the East Indies % -or mAfriee, of in New South Wales as aforesaid); and in all cases whfre a Court Martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Mer. chants of England trading to the Eafi Indus, or in Africa and io New South Wales as aforesaid, when the same shall conuft of a ledtt, Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concur* rence of Two thirds at the lead of the Officers presect; and not Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between; the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example; Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Ad* vocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their neerflary. Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Anvil in like manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was anefted; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin> or Court of Session. in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not, attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session in Seotlanh or Courts of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King's Bench, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, in like manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any Courts Martial, other than General Courts Martial, which shall be held by virtue of this Act, or of any Articles of War, established by His Majesty in pursuance thereof, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member, hating first taken the said Oaths) 5 that is to say,

VOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your

Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.'

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly arfminister Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament nowin

force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and othfer Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise, which ia not explained by the said Articles,

or Act of Parliament, according to my Confidence, the best of my

Understanding and the Custom of War in the like cases.

So help acGOD.*

And

A.D. 1ffijV 5^ GEO. tIt* Cto8.

*t And the Presidenf of every such Court' Martlalfnot being under the Ajwintmeat ot

4 Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer Piefuiem.

of the Regiment, Detachment or Brigade, or the Governor or Co trial mander of the Garrison, Fort, Castle or Barrack, directing such

P Court Martial.

jfi

XXX. And Wherea* it mar be expedient in certain cases, and m particularly in such Matters wherein any of His Majesty's Marine Forces may be interested, that Officers of the Marine mould be affo-

fc dated with Officers of the Land Foroes, for the Purpose of holding

III Courts Martial Be it enacted and declared, That when and as often Officers of Land

|| as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the and Marine

li Land and Marine Forces to fit in Conjunction upon Courts Martial, , orc.es m

ii and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the Land u^UCoJrts

i Forces in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial '*

jy Martial were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only; and the

Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are in such cases to take

ll Rank according to the Seniority of their Commissions in either^Service.

XXXI. And Whereas it may also be expedient that Officers of I His Majesty's Land Foroes, when employed in Conjunction with j Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of, England trading to the East Indies, should in certain cases be associated for the Purpose of holding Courts Martial; Be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occasion, it. Officers of shall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majesty's Land Foroes, King's Forces and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants' Officers in^of England trading to the East Indies, to fit in Conjunction at Courts sJjVircniafit*Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like i Conj*mrtion manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial were at Courts Msr-oompofedof Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces or of Officers in tiJ, &c. the Service of the said United Company only; with this Distinction, that upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Land Foroes, regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of this Act; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Courts Martial shall be in the Terms by this Act prescribed; and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said United Company, regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 17 G.a. c. 9.

Party entitled to Copy of Sen* fence and Pro* ceodings of Court Martial

George the {second, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the Punishment of Offences committed in /ArEast Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in Terms prescribed by the same Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court Martial within Europe (except in the Garrison of Gibraltar) shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Court Martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, oc by any other Person or Persons on his behalf (he or they.paying reasonably for the same), at any time uot sooner than Three Months after Qich Sentence; and in case of Trial by any General Court Martial at Gibraltar, at any time not sooner than Six Montbsate th*egtence given by such Court Martial} and in the.

case

C. ie>SV

5*6

Proceeding*, &c. of Court* Martial transmitted to Judge Advocate

Stamp Duties

His Majesty empowered t& make Article of Wan

Copies of Articles of War transmitted to

Judge*) &c.

ttis Majesty to constitute and to authorise others to convene Courts Martial.

None adjudged of Life or Limb but for Crimes espressed to be Co punifluble.

jjTGfiO.nt

case of Trial* tfrty(5#rai Court Martin in M* Majfty. oiia Dominions' beyond the tell} or m Foreign Parttey at aUfty rime rot footer than Twelve Month* after the tencefloe gtoeu by foth Court Martial, whether SackSentence* be approvederntj anything* this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it drafted fry the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Perfo* officiating a* fodl at any General Court Mortis! do, mid be is hereby wqnired to transmit, with a* much Eipadition9 the Opportunity df time ad Difhmce of Place oaf admit*,. th* Original Proceeding* and dentwrt of fuchr Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in l&k4 unlefa such Court Martial shall Haw been appointed in /nfad id which case they shall be transmitfcetf to the Judge Advotfat* Gwwnl fi# that Part of the United Kingdom in Babb*; and the&dorigind Proceeding* and Sentence* are to be carefully kept and prefab is their respective Offices, to the end that the Person# entitled thertfd may be enabled, upon> Application to- fudh Offices nrfpeftndyrta obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided ahby and be k farther drafted and detW That none of the Pmoaedfag*of any Generator RegitteatalCoot Martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, (ball-be charged or datable with any Stamp' Duty whatsoever j any thing contained ia sty former Act or Act* to the contiaiy itotwtthfcatMiidg;

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoiefod* That it shall and maybe1 lawful to and far His Majesty m fona, ifa and establish Article of War, for rfitf better Government of His Majesty* Forces^ which Article* shall b* judicially takarNotksdf by all Judges, and id ail Coarts whatsoever.

XXXVI.*AfldV for the more eteftuaJij Forffi<a*iotlKmftfa

federal Jbdgeaanc^Persons herein after mentioned, be it further maftf by the Authority afortfiridi That Ccwis* of all fodh Artidetof War printd; by The King* Printer, shall, front time to time, u to* conveniently may ho after the font? ft all have been made anddabbftmf by His Majesty, bo transtfrifted by Hi* Secretary a War

for the timer being, signed with- his own Hand and bawv tt d* Judge* of His Majesty's Superior Court* ac

&*bu*gfr respectively, and sdfo to- the* Governor* of His Majesty's Colonies Pbn&f&brr* and Territories abroad.

XXXVIII. And bo m furcfter enacted bythoAnthtfntydbfd^ That, for bringing Offender* against*- fotb Articlwrof War to* Justiwv it shall be lawful for His Majesty toenest and cmrfciaiteCctorti Mriii as well as tw> grant H#Jtoyal'<^miflkm*or Wairawsvtb tiiePerf and hr the manner kertfin&efore meBtiHedade*pfefied, for oonveni^ and autHorimn^othem t*r tfmreenfc Court^Marttolr whh- Ptwerro vfr hear and determine any Crimes or Offences by ftwb Article of Vfot and toiaftift PbnritwssbySbienws?< Judgment of the same, a within the United Kmgdbm of Gr&tr Attain awd'/rtWria Jrffi Cmmjfyt AUermjs- wd or M<mv mid the Iflhnds thereto belong# a* in* Hi*Majesty&irfforfof Gifrators, and iasnyof His l/bffi* Ifcmfrrion* beyond the Seas, or dfewtafr* beyond; die Seas.

XXXvrri. Provided atway* That n* Perftw Wfr* By Articles-crf Warr be fobiegfed to* mf PuBiflbnemr extemhng tel* mr Lately wiMt tb*

C.K>&

ii JLB.iSi*

srom.Mk

4

strfiy, Qtumfiy, Ali$r*yv Sark ov Akr* of aay of the Iflo* thereto

belonging, far any Crime which fe not expressed to be io punishable

this Act i nor for such Crimes as are eapressed to be Co puoifla-lbie, in any manner, or under any Regulatioos, which shall sot accord With the piovifioas of this Act.

XXXIX. Provided allb, and be it further enacted, That if i&f Officer or Soldier shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or eifevrhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue of this Act, and shall after the Commissioit of such Offence so or be lent to any other Station or Part of His Majesty 'w Dominions in the Coturfr of Service abroad, or come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jersey, Gtarnfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the I (lands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court Martial (or such Offence* such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished far the same at such other Station or Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or within the Realm, or any such I Hand as aforesaid, as if the said Offence had been commuted where such Trial shall take place*

XL. And Whereas it is of essential Importance, as weQ to the

due Observance of Public Economy, ae to the Discipkoe of His Majesty's Foroes, that they (houkl be regularly muttered^ and that the Mutters should he taken with the drifted Accuracy and Ex aft*

ness; ' Re it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Mutters shall be made, had or taken, of every Regiment, Troop or Company, i His Service, Twice at the leafs hi every Year, at such times

as shall be appointed.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That bo Commissary shall mutter any Regiment, Troop or Company, within the City of W and Borough of Southwark, and liberties thereof but in the Preftnod of Twqor more Juttioes of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army* under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being discharged from his Office, unJefe such Justices, upon Forty eight Hours' Notice being given to Sin of His Majesty's Justices t the Peaoe redding within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, (halt neglect tw attend such Mutter j and m case of such Neglect, such Commislary may prtrceed to mtrfter such Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Pease within Forty eight Hours after such Mutter taken, that such Notice was given to Six Justices of the Peaoe as. aforesaid, which Jttftices So attending axe hereby empowered to sign the said Mutter Rolls, and to take Recognizance of such Mutter, and lo examine tho Truth thereof before they figs the faiAe.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thai all Mutter fiolb and Pay Lifts which are required to be verified tpoo Oath, shall be sworn before and atlefted by any Justice of the Peace or Magittrato, who Ire hereby authorized aid required to administer fwsb Cteth ad attest the kune, without Payment of any Fee or Reward whatever u felpeft thereof, either to such Justice or Magistrate os the Clerk of any sech Judies or Magi (bate-.

XLIII- An<kfo preventing of Fraud and Deceit ki the mofteiing of Soldiers, be it further mmfted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Penfo* da moke ta give; os poOeuie to be made ear gpven any fesse ee uotrue Certificate-, whereby to exoufe any fioldieo for his Ak> fence feom any Mm lies, or any etlrai Senvfea wbWk be oegU. t* aUand.

Offenders beyond Sea, &c. tried here, &c.

Mutters Twice a Year.

NtfMbftterfo Westminttei*, be. burin-Pro-fence of Two or more Justicea.

[Penalty.]

Oath.

Mutter Rolls, fee. verified on Oath, and attested by Magis* trite without Few*

Giving fplfe Certificates to excufV Soldiers from Mullen.

C. io8t

A.D. 181

[Penalty.]

Officers making fa lie Musters,

Cattdered.

Officers muttering Perfiot by wrron Name*. Penalties.

Person i offering shemselves to be faliely muttered.

tmprisonment. Horse s falsely -m uttered forfeited.

[Penalty.]

Forfeiture how levied.

C. io8i $5* GEO. III.

or perform, upon Pretence of such Soldier being employed on foi other Duty of the Regiment, or being lick, in Prison, or on Furious then every such Person, so making, giving or procuring such C; tificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Powk and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his Office, a: shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Offi or Employment within this Realm, or in His Majesty's Service; ai no Certificate shall excuse the Absence of any Soldier bttt for t Reasons above mentioned or one of them.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefa! That every Officer that shall make any faife or untrue Muller of M; or Horse, and every Commissary, Mutter Matter, or other Officer, wl shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Mutter Roll, wherein fuc fake Mutter is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also ever Commissary, Mutter Matter, or other Officer, who shall dire % c indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Mno?y or any other Gratuity, on or for the muttering any Regiment, Tro; or Company, or on or for the signing of any Mutter Rolls, or an] Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by T< Witnesses before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon calk f which is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath] mall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced fro* such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to nave or ho!: any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kioct dom of Great Britain and Ireland or 10 His Majesty's Service.

XLV. And it is enacted, That if any Officer or Commilfary shall mutter any Person by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Convictien

t reof before a General Court Martial, the said Officer or CommiiTary 11 suffer such Penalties, and in such manner as is directed and u; Aided by this Act upon those who shall make faife Musters.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be muttered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County residing near the Place where such Mutter shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commissary of the Mullers or Mutter Matters as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Ten Days: And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnifn any Horse to be muttered, which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop so muttered, the said Horse so falsely muttered shall be forfeited to the Informer if the same doth belong to the Person lendir: or furnishing the said Horse; or otherwise the Person lending cr furnishing the said Horse shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before some Justice of the Pr? residing near to the Place where such Mutter shall be made; uhicr Twenty Pounds shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and $?: ! of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the GoodsandCtBU^ of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus (ff afrjfibc)10 the Owner: And in case such Offender shall not have sufficient (W! and Chattels whereon Distress may be jnde*

Penalty to be recovered against him,

within Four Days after such Conviction; tbttNWa

A.D. 1ffij*.

ft0 GEO. HR

C. io 5.

fncTi Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his H&nd

and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to Imprisonment.

remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, SoMurs giving

or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice; and the said Forfeiture shall be given or paid to such entitled to Dif.

Person or Persons that shaft give Information thereof; and the said charge.

Informer or Informers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right

to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XLVIK And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Mutter Rolls That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commissary Ten Mile* d'f" General shall, upon every Half-yearly Muster taken by him or them respectively of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majesty's Hou^utier Service at any Place Ten Miles didant from London, close the Muster Mutter, and re-Rolls of the said Regiment, Troop or Company, within Twenty four turned in Seven Hours after such Muster shall have been made \ and shall return the ^Corn-Rolls so taken by the Post or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being closed, to the Office of the Commissary General  e*of Musters, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War,

One to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Foroes, and One to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the First Day of May and the Twenty ninth Day of September respectively following such Half-yearly Muster: And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be made in or upon the said Muller Rolls, other than in the case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mistakes in writing or transcribing the said Muster Rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Employments, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person that Penalty, will sue for the same, for every such Offence.

XLVIII. Aiid Whereas, by The Petition of Right, in the Third Petition of

Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the w8ht 3 Car.x*

4 People of the Land are not by the La vs to be burthened with the

sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the British Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth Year 3* Car. a. c. x.

V of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply

to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred sixty 4 t woPmond* Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and

dilbanmng the Foroes, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, $ s4-

Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from thence-.* forth presume to place, quarter or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers

upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree,

Quality or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent y and that it shall and may be lawful for Subject, Sojourner or Inhabitant to

refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any De- r

mand or Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: But forafmucn as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the inarching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kifigdpnr of Qrtiit Britain and Ireland Be it further enacted by

said, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act/an^fid longer^ Conftalles, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, in fcngl*d t*Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and M igistrates of Cities,

Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for &c,

C. 109.

A.D. 18i

but in no T>iC-tillers or Shopkeepers Houses, or in Private Houses.

ConftaMe, fee. quartering, Vc. in Private HouseSj&c.

Officers quartering contrary to Atf, &c.

Ctfluered.

Pae&ne aggrieved may ceropLou to JoC. tice and be

1M*

55 GEO. Ht

tny One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in er Mr lay futh C5t Town, Villager or Place, and for no others; and such Constable and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required I quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Smro and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty* Army, in Inns, Liter Stables, Alehousee, Visual ling Ho ides, and the Houses of Sdkrs < Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to he drank ia theiroi Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, other than and except Cia teens held and occupied under the Authority of the Coramfer for the Affairs of Barracks, or of the Department of the Ordnance and other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, brag Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of Aoadfi*. were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Pay of July 0 thousand seven hundred and fifty feveo, or who since have or L\\ hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons wffi keep Taverns only hate taken out Vi&ujtfling Licences? and ail Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Voters, Cyder or f'f-theglin by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and eioept the House or Houses of any Distiitas, who keep Hottfe* or Place? for Distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whole principal Dealings shall be more in other Good' ard Merchandize* than ia Brandy and Strong Waters (so as fucfaD^ lers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fufffcr Tippling ia hi* or thur Houses ), and in no other, and in no Private Houses whitfocicr; nor shall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there nr ti fective Soldiers present to be quartered; all vbich Billets when m* out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables shall he delirered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer presect: And if any Con-fable, Tithingman, or such i ke Officer or Magi (Irate, is ifoniiiJ, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier io any such Private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupkr, in such case such Owner or Occupier dull have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that fuci Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby: And it any Military OiSar Audi take upon him to quarter Soldiers other wise that) is limited anc allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace nr Compulsion to or tipon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from per. fanning any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; inch Military Officer (tall, for every such Offence (being thereof coovi&i before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, ipf tin? Oath of Two credible Witnesses), be deemed and taker to be tffo f$8 cashiered, and shall be utterly difib led to hare or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof fc? tnnsmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby obligffi to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretory at War: And in case any Person shall find hbnfelf aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tithingmaa or Headborough, Chief Officer or Mj gift rate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a JuffijoMjf tk Peace), has quartered or billetted in his House a grr*or Ngnfcerof said wa than he ought to bear in ProjKtffr) U hi

JlTX& 15.

frGSJOjfl.

CfoS.

S9

<hall complain thrrtof to One or mow Justice or Justkc* ^efthe Peace 4tf the Divtfwm, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate fliaK be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to Two or more Justkres of the Peace of such Dmfion, City or Liberty, such Justicee respectively 'Audi hare, and haw hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be remored and quartered upon inch other Person or Persons as they (hdl fee Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

XLIK. And Whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth 6 Ann.(I.) c. 14.

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne> intituled An Act to prevent the 

Difordpr1 that may happen by the marching of Soldiers and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was,

amongst other things, enacted and declared, that no Officer, Soldier

or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the

Guard of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeo-

man, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any time

thereafter have, receive or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save on! he or they should be and

remain in same, ._ _ _ der to be transported, or

during such time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army or any considerable Part thereof should be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another, or during such time or times as he or they should be on their March as aforesaid: And Whereas the Barracks of Ireland are not at present sufficient to lodge all the FoFcesupon its Military Establishment: And Whereas it may be necessary to station Part of the Troops in Places where there are not Barracks or not sufficient Barracks to hold them Be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the Authority aforesaid, That k shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said Regulations for recited Act, to and for the Constables and other Chief Officers and S"artr, "S j*0* Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland, wrsm e and in their Default or Absence for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others, and such Constablea and other Chief Magifttratca as aforesaid, or in their Default, such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses apd the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses or Biases thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin by Retail; and BUktting. where there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then io such manner as has been heretofore customary, taking Care not to billet left than Two Men in any One House, except only in case of billetting Horse or Dragoons in manner herein after mentioned} nor shall any Billets at any time be ordered for more than the Number of effective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magiftrstes or Constables, or Justice of the Peace, at the case may be, shall be dt&rered into the Hands of the Staff Officer employed, or of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Qp&stable or other Chief Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid

C. rot.

A.D. 18

5?a

5* GEO. EL

Remedy.

Officer menacing Conliable, &c.

Punishment.

Provife.

Justices, Juris-dktiou wf.

Soldiers not billetted above One Mile from Placet men-(ioned in Route.

shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldieri House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Confer; the Owner or Occupier thereof, then such Owner or Occupier ft -have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Offii for the Damage that fuen Owner or Occupier shall sustain there; and such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, being duly c< vifted of such Offence by Indictment, shall be imprisoned for i Space of One Calendar Month; and if any Military Officer shall ta upon him to quarter Soldiers other wise than is limited and allow by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to upon any Mayor, Constable or other Chief Officer before mention? tend'ng to deter or discourage any of them from performing any Pa of their Duty hereby required or appointed, or to induce any of tie to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Military Offio shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any T# or more Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Tvr credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipfojaSo cashiertd, aD shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employee: whatsoever: Provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the net Affixes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, o County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof transmitted a the Chief Secretary, or in nis Absence to the Under Secretary fa the Military Department in Dublin; and in case any Person dull fat himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Chief Officer or Migfe not being a Justice of the Peace, has quartered or billetted in kii House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to Oneormort Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, Gty or Liberty) where such Soldiers are quartered, or in case such Chief Officer oi Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint mad; to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Persons by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as he or they shall le? Cause, and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

4 L. And as very great Detriment and Inconvenience arise to the Service, from the aifperfing and billetting of Soldier* when cn a*March at a great Distance from the Place or Places where they are meant to be quartered, and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said last recited Act, and by reason of which the,

are placed wide of their intended Route for the next Day's March Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at no time when Troops are on a March shall any of them be billetted abort Ok Mile from the Place or Places mentioned in the Route.

LI. And Whereas Soldiers are often billetted and quartered on the March unequally, and to the Prejudice of some of Ri* hbjetty's Subjects, by reason that the Places mentioned in the Route are on the Borders of Counties, and that the Keepers of House? 4 in which Soldiers may be quartered being out of the Parish or Place mentioned in the Route, although in the immediate Vicinity thereof, refuse to receive such Soldiers. upon Billets granted by the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Persons of such Places to whom the quartering of Soldiers belongs j* For " .*Remedy

CjojL

593

S*G Eaillr

Remedy whereof be it enacted, That in any ftfeb.case it shall be Billeuitig of lawful for the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Person Soldiers on to whom the quartering of Soldiers in any Place mentioned in any; cunet"sto j, e Route on the Border of any County shall belong, and he and they i& eqUa^ and are hereby required to quarter and billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in any such Route, although same of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; and all Powers, Authorities,

Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures and Provisions in this Act contained in relation to the Billetting and Quartering of Soldiers shall extend and be applied to all Billets so granted as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate yrithin the Place mentioned in the Route

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower any Constable, Tything-man, Headborough. or other Person to billet or quarter Soldiers out of the County to winch they belong, in any case in which any Constable, Tythingir.an or Headborough or other Person of the adjoining County shall be present, and undertake to billet and quarter tf|e due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County*

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licences for Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two Magistrates, within their keeping Cau-respective Jurisdictions, tp grant or transfer any Licence for felling teens*

Ale. by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in any House or Houses or Premises where more Houses or Premises than one shall be; held together by the same Person or Persons as a Canteen* or any t Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Person or Persons applying for t|$e same, who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from any Two of the Principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the Cqpiimffio.ners for the Affairs of Barracks, without regard to the time of Y^ear,or. any. Notices or Certificates specified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any such Licences; any thing in-any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding

And it (half also be lawful for His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in England, Ireland and Scotland, respectively, or any Person appointed or employed by the said Commissioners in England or Ireland respectively in that behalf, or for any Collectors or Supervisors of Excise within their respective Districts, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for Jfelling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank pr*confurted in the Houses or Premises occupied as a Canteen of the Person or Persons applying fof such Licence, or any LiCence^to fcU Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor*.-by^Retail, to any such Person or Persons who shall hold; any such Canteen under any such. Licence or Transfer of any fuqh Licence of any Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid; and it shall alfp be lawful for?-any Person, pr Persons holding any such

Canteen under any such Lease, Agreement or Authority as aforesaid,

and haying such Licences as aforesaid^p keep such Canteen, and to.utter and fell therein, and in the Premises thereto belonging, and imt elfewl^yiAqa^ and all. fuqh Exqifeable. Liquors as he. and 5f Geo. III. Q q they

594

C. 108.

A.D. 1815.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Person tofign Routes.

No Justice having any Military office concerned in billetting Soldiers.

High Constables, &c. may issue Precepts for billetting Foot Guards in Westminster, dee.

ContaMes, &c. hi Westminster, &c. to deliver Lifts at Quarter Sessions on Oath,

55 GEO. III.

they shall be licenced and empowered to fell under the Authority an Permission of any such Excise Licence as aforesaid without bein subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture; any thing in any Act or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for th Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the time being ( Ireland, to depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, fomeprop? Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Fore? in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief GoTemoi

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That do Jullic or Justices of the Peace haring or executing any Military Office o Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall and may during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly be concerned in the quartering, billetting or appointing any Quarters fc; any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop or Company undei the immediate Command or Commands of such Justice or Justices according to the Disposition made for quartering of any Soldier 01 Soldiers by virtue of this Act} but that all Warrants, A As, Matteri or Things, executed or appointed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the same, shall be void; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Order shall issue for the quartering cr billetting the Officers or Soldiers of His Majesty's Regiments of Foot Guards within the City and Liberties of Westminstert awl Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex, and in the County o: Surry and in the Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, the High Condable shall deliver out Precepts to the fevers; Petty Constables, Headboroughs or Tythingmen, of each Pani Ward* Hamlet and Didrift, within their respective Divisions, to billet and quarter such Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Regiments of Foot Guards on such Houses only as by this Act is limited within their respective Parishes, Hamlets or Districts; and such Petty Coo. stables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen, shall, in pursuance thereof, billet and quarter every such Officer and Soldier in such Houses so subjected thereto by this Act equally and proportionably according to the Number of such Officers and Soldiers so to be billeUcd and quartered, and of the Houses so subjected to receive them jstnd such Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards shall be quartered within the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and the Places adjacent, lying in the said County of Middlesex (except the City of Louder.j, and in the said County of Surry, and in the said Borough of Souti' <wark in the said County of Surry, in the same manner, and under the same Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in ill cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act.

LVI. And, for the better preventing Abuses in billetting ai.J quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, lying in the said County i: Middlesex, and in the said County of Surry, and in the said Boroo-of Southwark in the said County of Surry, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen of their respective Parishes, Words, Hamlets acc Districts, within the same, shall, at every General Quarter Seffior. of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties of Wf

C. 108.

A.D. 1815.

55h GfiO. lit.

ininfler, in the said County of Middlesex and the said County of Surry, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Sessions assembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to adminster), true Lifts signed by them respectively of all such Houses, together with the Number of all such Persons respectively inhabiting the same, within his or their Parish, Ward, Hamlet or District respectively, as are subject and liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively; and such Lifts shall remain with the Clerks of the Peace of the said City and Liberties of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, the said County of Surry, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively, to the Intent that all and every Person and Persons iqay be at Liberty to inspect the same without any Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from time to time make and deliver to every or any Person or Persons who shall require the same, true Copies of all and every or any such Lifts, upon being paid Two pence a Sheet for each and every such Copy so taken, each Sheet to be computed at and contain One hundred and Fifty Words; and if Default or Neglect shall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of any such Parish, Ward, Hamlet or District, in the delivering such Lifts to the Justices at their Quarter 8eflions as aforesaid; or if he or they shall so deliver or came to be delivered in, any false or defective Lift, not including and specifying therein all and every such House and Houses so liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, or the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively; such Petty Constable, Head-borough and Tythingman, or any of them so offending therein, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit each the Sum of Five Pounds, to the life of the Poor of such respective Parishes, Wards, Hamlets and Districts; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties of Westminster, for the said County of Middlesex, and for the said County of Surry, and for the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and issue); and for Want of fumcient Distress to be found for that Purpose, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his of their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said City of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, the said County of Surry, or the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, there to remain for any time to be limited by such Justice or Justices not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, Men and Horses, belonging to His Majesty's iorfe or Dragoons, and also all Bat and Baggage Horses belongirtg 0 any of His Majesty's other Foroes, and also the Horses belonging Q q 2 to

S9S

of House* subject to receive Soldiers, &c 1

inspect ed without Fee.

Copies of Lifts wrote by Clerk at Tfd. per Sheer.

[Penalty.]

Giving defective Lifts.

Penalty How levied.

Imprisonment.

Officers, Men and Horses belonging to Horse or Dragoon*, tad also Bat and Ba$r-gafee Horse*, &c.

C. 108.

how quartered,

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Dragoons, &c. quartered on

to Staff and Field Officers in His Majesty's Forces when upon actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall and may be quartered and billetted in the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and other Houses in which Officers and Soldiers are by this Act allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they mail be received and furnished by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses and other Houses in which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horses, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be -established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of His Majesty's Horse or Dragoons, hiveno Subles or an^ ot^er Horses as aforesaid, shall be quartered or billetted upon rtiay be removed th Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Alehouse, tothofewho Victualling House or other House in which Officers or Soldiers -have Stables, may be quartered by virtue of this Act, who have no Stables; then and in such case, and upon Complaint made by the Person or Persons having no Stables, to Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty where such Horse or Dragoons or other Horses shall be so quartered and billetted, and upon his or their making such Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse w., or Dragoons or other Horses, as such Justices shall think reasonable,

it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and their Horses, or such Horses only, as the case may be, to be removed and quartered upon some other Person or Persons who by this Act are liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and billetted upon them who have Stables, and to order and settle a proper Allowance to be made by the Person or Persons having no Stables, in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses so to be removed as aforesaid; and also to order and dire A that such Allowance shall be paid by the Person or Persons from whom such Men and Horses shall be removed, to or amongst the Person or Persons to whom such Men and Horses shall be so removed as aforesaid, or be applied in the furnishing of Quarters for the Reception of such Me^ and Horses, as the case may require, and as such Justices shall think fit.

LIX. And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may.

arise in such Places where Hprfe or Dragoons are or may be

quartered, by the billetting of the Men and their Horses at different

Houses, and often at great Distances from one another, contrary

to the true Intent and Meaning of this.Aftj* Be it therefore

enjifted by the Authority aforesaid, That in11 Places where Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered or billetted (in pursuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Hors^ftaU.be billetted in One, and the same House (except in case ); and that in no,

ther case whatsoever there be lefsth^Oofi; Man billetted, y there shall be One or Two Horse^oe^fflitW Two "

' > % great< r;

Dr*goons, &c. and their Horses billetted In same Houses.


Ci off.

597

A.D. 18i$. 55 GEO. III.

LX. And Whereas some Doubts have arisen whether Commanding Officers of any Regiment, Troop or Company, may

exchange any Men or Horses quartered in any Town or Place, with

another Man or Horse quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Exchange as above mentioned may be j made by Manner of such Commanding Officer respectively, provided the Number of Men changing Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that time billetted on such and Horses. House or Houses; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop or Company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore- Officers taking said, That if any Officer shall take or cause to be taken, or knowingly Mony to ex-suffer to be taken any Money of any Person for excusing the ^-L m quai> quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or (any of them, in any House fc* allowed by-this Act, every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be Punishment. incapable of serving in any Military Employirient whatsoever.-LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Constables, kc. That if any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer taking Money to or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting any quar ennfiOfficers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall neglect orrefufeto quarter or billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person and on Visual-liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered ler* reefing to on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer ot* quirter boldler' Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to furnish or allow according to the Directions of this Act the several things herein after respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him' or her as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate that is or shall be establi filed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that respect, and shall be thereof convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending,

shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Penalty.

Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit); to be levied Distress by Distrefc and Sale; of the Goods of the Person offending, by i 4 - Q q 3 Warrant

5J>

C. 108.

J5 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

to give an Account of the Nuipher of Sol diets quartered, ftc.

Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first Place in making such Satisfaction to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billetted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish if in England, and to the Churchwardens of the Parish if in Irtland* wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

LXtIL And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, be it further enacted Justices may by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respedhre Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of the United Kingdom, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or Seal or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this A A, to give an Account in Writing UBto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persona upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

Justices may ex-

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That k shall tend Routes and be lawful for any Justice of the Peace at the Request of any Officer enlarge Ouar- or Non Commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Quarters or Billets, in any case in which k mall appear to such Officer or Justice that better Accommodation can be given to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the District within which Quarter* and Billets shall be required to enlarge such Route, and extend such Quarters and Billets in such manner as shall be most convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted; any thing in the Ad or any other Act, or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

LXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and bdletted as aforesaid, shall be received and fornished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, LiveTy Stables, Akhooles, VidunHmgJmnfrvapd other Houses A vthich they ate allowed to be quartereffimMi biffiettad by this Act; paying and lowing for the same the foffitjMfrtenthat are or shall he fftliiiflMd bysOkyAd Or Adsof I

enlarge Quarter*.

Officers and Soldiers to pay Hates for Diet.

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 10tL

599

shall be quartet by virtue of this Act (except on a March or em- them with Cao-

ployed in Recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them dI*Vinegar

tailed, for the Space of Seven Days at moil for such Non Commis- Men ^except

Honed Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting and the Recruits by when on a

them raised), fall be desirous to furnish such Non Commissioned March, &c.) to

Officers sod Soldiers with Caudles, Viuegar and Salt, gratis, and allow provide their

to such Nob Commissioned Officers or Soldiers the (Jfe of Fire, and ow.ncVl, Up

the necessary Utenfih for dressing and eating tfair Meat, and ib.all an ma eer*

give Notioeof fedi his Desire to die Commanding Officer, and shall

nirniih and allow the same accordingly; then and in such case the

Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide

their own Victuals and Small Beer j and the Officer to whom it

belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay and Sub-

fistence of such Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, shall pay

the several Sums to be payable out of the Subiideuce Money for Diet

and Small Beer to the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And, that die Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousead Officers receiv-

eight hundred and fifteen, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, in8 Py to settle

or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsidepce Money, either }Jl*a"d*rof

for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or nn eepers'

otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit

their Quarters, if they (had not remain so long as Four Days, settle

the just Demands of all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, out of the

Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part

of the (hid Bay or Subsistence be distributed to either of them respectively: And if acy Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not Officers not fa*

fitwfy, content and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made tisfying Ac-

thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the cou.nt* purged

CountysrCity where such Quarters were (which Oath the Juiliees Agents. m

of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to

tdmintfterj, the Secretary at War in England, and the Chief Secretary,

or in his Abfeace the Under Secretary for the Military Department

in Ireland, is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the

laid Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon

ffich Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same iaowing) to give

Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and faUsfy

fie find Sums, and to charge the same against such Officer.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Troop if Quarters not or Company being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective paid for before Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums Marching of due for the Lodgings of the Men, and Stabling for the Horses, every Troop*, Certifi-fei Officer fafi before his Departure make up the Account with ^anfraiuedto^ etety Person with whom such Troop or Company may have been Agent, quartered, and sign a.Certificate thereof, which Account and Certificate fall be transmiwwd to the Agent of the Regiment, that irame-fae Paymcot aay he made, which fa is hereby required to make flCDqdfo^afa*>ebange the same to the Account of fuqh Officer.

Soldiers' Wives, tic. not quartered without Consent.

C. 108.

5J GEO. nt

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Soldiers' Settlements for Wives and Children when quartered in England.

[Proviso.]

Carriages for Forces marching in England and Ireland

LXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Army, (shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court Martial, be cashiered; and if a Constable, Tythingraan, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reasonable Charges in taking the same.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town or Place where any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England, in case such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier have either Wife or Child or Children, to cause such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to be summoned before them, in the Town or Place where such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and such Non Commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers as aforesaid are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justice is hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before him to the Person making the same, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required; which attested Copy shall be at any time admitted in Evidence, as to such last legal Settlement, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his behalf, such Non LCommissioned Officer or Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to hi* legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Anna, Clothes or Accoutrements in England, Ireland and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Pipcin&s, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from Hi# Majestcy, or the General of His Foroes, or the Master XJeneral or Lifcnfcenant General of His Majesty's OrdftartetV if in England, Wali&ror Berwick upon Tweed, O^ by aii Order^ fro)tr the Lotfd LieatenaBHr*other Chief Governor

from the I^or/other Pel

A.D. 1815. 5s GEO. III. C. io& 601

or other Officer or Non Commissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of, or to any Constable or Constables, acting or having Authority to act in the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and specifying in the said Warrants the Warrants to Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall, by virtue of such rpccify Places to Orders as aforesaid, be required to travel, which shall not exceed the Carr, aEe# Day's March of the Troops, as prescribed in the Order produced a travC'C* to the Magistrate, unless in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division or Precinct, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, ftTue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, as shall be most convenient for the Purpose9 aforesaid, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to make up such Deficiency:

And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same time to paydown in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sums herein after mentioned respectively, for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be damped) to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon,

Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for Officers forcing the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Waggons to tra-Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain,

Cart or-Carriage.to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Md- wa?rnc fpL*' j. gistrate's cifics, See.

6o 2

0* 108.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Rates pd for Carriages in Rogbnd.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

gistrate's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall fuflfer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Soldiers, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justice6 of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and for deducting the same out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Sums to be paid into the Hands of such Constable or Petty Constable in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be according to the following Rates; that is to say, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wag, ron with Four or more Horses shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine peace for every Mile any Waggon with Narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses respectively, or carrying not left than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horse6, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel $ and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile aay Cart or Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel, according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District, assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or Distririt, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates: Provided always, that in cases where the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation fall he made and paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided always, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace, fixi^w further Sum to be paid ior ihe Hire of Carries as to the ouf-

jH>d Six pence fier

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

603

[Proviso.]

signed by the Chairman orprefiding Magistrate, and One other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the same shall be made, shall, within Three Day* after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual unlef* a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided also, that in every case of any increased

Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Justice of the Peace granting or ligoing the Warrant shall insert, in hi* own Hand, the Amount of such increased Rate for each Description of Carriage as 0 authorized by the Justices at the Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non CommKfioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company,

Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of such increased Rate; and no increased Rate shall be demanded, but such as shall be so inserted by the Justice in the Warrant.

LXXIII. And Whereas great Inconvenience often arises from

there being no Justice of the Peace or Magistrate residing wear to Places specified in Routes at which Soldiers are to halt, and be billetted and quartered on the March, to issue Warrants for the

providing of Carriages j* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted,

That it shall be lawful for any Constable, Tythingman or Head- How Carriage*

borough, duly authorized for that Purpose by Warrant under the provided at

Hand and Seal of any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing nearest atto such Place or Place*, to make and give Orders for the providing R^def0f

of Ctrritges for the Baggage of Soldiers on March, and to appoint Justice of Peace,

Persons luring Carriages within their respective Liberties or Juris-

di&ioB* to provide and furnifti such Carriages, without having any

(pedal or particular Warrant for that Purpose; and all such Orders

ud Appointments shall be and be deemed to be as valid and effectual

in all roipe&i, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had

been made and given by the Justice or Justices of the Peace giving

[Proviso.]

such Authority: Provided always, that every such Justice of the

Peace shall, at the time of giving such Warrant and Authority, and thereafter once in each Year, or oftener, if necessary, cause a List or Lift* to be made out of all Persons liable to furiufh such Carriages under such Warrant, and of the Number and Description of Carnages belonging respectively to the Persons so liable to be re-wined to furnish Carriages for Baggage, or for Troops on the March j and such Lifts shall, at au seasonable Hours, be open to the Inspectkm of all Persons whose Names shall be inserted therein; tad all Orders and Appointments for such Carriages shall he made asd taken from such Lifts in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done, so as that the providing such Carriages shall be equally Attributed among the feversd Persons liable to furaifh the same under the Pavilions of this Act.

LXXIV. And Whereas, from various Local Circumstances,

the Rates of Carnage in Ireland cannot be regulated in the same

manner as the Rate in England fy Be it therefore ensued. That Rates of Car-the Sums to be paid into the Hands of any such Constable or Petty riagem Ireland. Constable as aforesaid in Inland shall be as follows; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight which the Owner or Owners of any Wfed Carriage shall take as loading on such Wheel Carnage the bmoiOf^fwf uad Own Siftth Pm of aPeany for every Mile or

reputed

1

C. 10 8.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

reputed Mile he or they shall therewith march, or according to such Rate as shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or DistriA, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates. c

LXXV. And Whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in* cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the

Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Ac- coutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of the

Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons 1 of and belonging to such Foroes: And Whereas it is expedient ' that Provisions should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to ' such Orders as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor in Ireland may in such cases think fit to issue, in pursuance of the Powers by Law vested in Him for the Advance- ment of the general Good and Public Welfare of the Realm; Be

In cases of it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Emergency Juf- tj)e for His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Gd-

iflbe Warrants0 vcrnor or Governors in Ireland, by His or their Order, distinAly for providing stating that such case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Se-Saddle Hones cretary at War, or if in Ireland by the Chief Secretary, or in his and Four-wheel- Absence by the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the t<? Hire^nd ilfo t'me to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Veflys.' Forces in any DistriA or Place, or to the Commissary in Chief of

Stores and Provisions at Home or Person aAing in that Capacity, to authorize such General or Field Officers or Commissary in Chief as aforesaid, or Person aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justice of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties and PrccinAs in England, Ireland, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Justice or Justices shall, 'when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Master, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and PrecinA, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpose, and also of Boats, Binges and other Vessels, tried for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, LimeyManure, or of Goods,

0. io&

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

6oj

cient time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages,

Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinct, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Divi-lion, Hundred or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by Officer, demand-virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Juf- "1g jJ* |!JrJa^ tices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, f*hVums as* Barges or other Vessels therein mentioned, of the Constable or Petty justices shall'Constable to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, direct, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats,

Barges and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service, or returning the te from); for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, Constable to the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a g, v a R^ceipr Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Per- o order* fons paying the same; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall Horses, toorder and appoint such Person or Persons having such Horses, be provided. Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furniffi such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly 5 and what tilings it shall and may be lawful in such cases to and for all and every may be conveyed Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose on such Car-Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horses, Carriages, riages'

Boats, Barges or other Vessels shall be provided in such cases, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the same respectively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment,

Troop or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants,

Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to the Came;

any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

but if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Officers forcing'

Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Vessel to travel or proceed Horses, &c. to

Wood the Dmance or Place to be allowed and specified in such ^nce^ci-

Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One fied in warrant

or $wre other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that bejialf, without Licence.

6o6 C. 108. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

What Weight Waggoni, ice. to carry.

Owners of Carriages in Ireland not obliged to take Loading till weighed.

and which Licence or Order One or more of such justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same Cofinty or Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinri, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division* City, Liberty or Precinct, and for deducting the same out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged by virtue of this Act, to carry above Thirty Hundred Weight; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Owner of any such Carriage in Ireland shall oe compelled or obliged to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Carriage, if he or they shall think fit, and if the same can be done in a reasonable time with-

out Let or Hindrance of His Majesty's Service; and if any Officer requiring such Carriage shall force or compel the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done in a reasonable time, as aforesaid, or (nail, contrary to the Will of the Owner of such Carriage, or his Servant, put or permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is herein after directed, either at the time of Loading or on the March, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Penalty. Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Party injured, upon such Proof and

in such manner as is hereinbefore appointed.

What Weight

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Carriage im-Carriages in Ire- pressed by Authority of this Act in Ireland shall be liable or cb-bnd bltged to to carry above Six Hundred Weight; and if the Owner shall

carr*' consent to carry above Six Hundred Weight on any Carriage he shall be allowed and paid at the Rate of One Penny One Sixth Part per Mile for every Hundred above the Weight of Six Hundred Pounds put on his Carriage, and the Owner or Owners of such Carriage or Carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such Carriage or Carriages unto the Sum of Seven pence per Mile or reputed Mile at the least, in case he or they shall be reduired to carry a less Weight on such Carriage or Carriages than Six Hundred Pounds Wright for each Carriage,

Notice to Lord

LXXIX. And be it further ebj^&ed, That Notice shall be given

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

607

of the said City, and so from time to time the said Cars are by Turns to be employed in carrying the Baggage of such Troops or Companies, at the Prices and under the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned; and it is hereby directed that no Country Cars or Carriages coming to the Market of the said City, nor any Cars or Carriages coming to any of the Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners, in carrying the Baggage of the Army on aify Pretence whatsoever.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Car- Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland shall be from riages for time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Troops in Ire. Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ in Proportion to the Efta- Lord'Lieu-blishment of such Troop or Company j and the Sums ordered to be tenJ, t. advanced as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the Lords Commissioner* of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrats of any City or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of such Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforesaid, and an Account of the same being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account shall have been certified by the Quarter Mailer General to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations prescribed by this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ConfhUes, \c. That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall wilfully neglect neglecting Duiy. or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horses,

Boats, Barges and other Vessels as aforesaid; or shall demand or receive for the Use of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains,

Carts, Can or Carriages, more than the Rates hereinbefore allowed respectively; or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable, or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish any Carriage, Man,

Horse, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to provide the Cwne j or if such Person or Persons, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wifully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Penalty, less than Forty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes adjoining to the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, as shall be fixed upon by the Justice or Justices by whom such Of-ence shall be enquired of, heard and determined: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be enquired of, heard and finally determined by any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace dwelling in or near the Place whero& such Offence shall be committed, wlw has hereby Power to cause the ibid Penalty to be levied by Dif- Distrefc. refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Constable or Rates paid be-Petty Constable to whom such Money shall have been so paid in fore Carriages is and ate hertfby required, before the Owner of any Car- on

riagt at Horse in Irtmd shall be compelled to take any Loacting, Marc '

or

6p8

C. 108.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Majesty's Service, exempted from Payment of Tolls. Exception.

or be forced to proceed in the March with his Carriage, to pay down in Hand to the Owner of such Carriage, or his Servant, the full Sum to which the Owner of such Carriage would be entitled for the March in the said Warrant directed to be made, according to the Rate at which such Con liable or Petty Constable shall have been so paid for the same as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And Whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions from Toll, expressly allowed by several Acts of Parliament for His Majesty's Forces on their March or on Duty, and for the

Horses and Carriages attending the m. Doubts have arisen whether

in all cases not so exempted the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages and Horses belonging, to His Majesty, or employed in His

Service, and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of TollsTherefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby

Officers and Sol- enabled and declared, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, diers, &c. on and their Horses, on Duty, or on their March, and all Carriages and I?utJr ^r' Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, and ployed in His" returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the -- - Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children or other Persons of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces on their Marches, or auy Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning therefrom, were and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses or Carriages, or any Baggage of any Troops embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay or Landing Place, or pafljog Turnpike Roads or Bridges, unless by such Act it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages and Horses, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Payment of Tolls any Boats, Barges or o.ther Vessels employed in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children or other Persons of or belonging^ His Majesty VForoes, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or any Military Stores, along any Canal, but the same shall be. liable to Toll in like manner as other Boats, Barges and Vessels are liable thereto.

LXXXIV. And Whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Act appointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding such Carriage, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, may not, in many cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expence of providing the same,

inforauch that the said Constablep ' may frequently be at great Qtfn^es over and above what is received

by them of the said Officers,to the great Burthen of the Town-of which they are Constables of else the Persons prodding

' such Carriages are grievously oppressqj P*For Remedy whereof and that the said Overplus Charge. n^y.berborpe by each County or Ridifig ai^tfce Qen^al Charge of iticM^yror Riding, be jj^rther ena.dedfry^t^A^hori ty aforesaidpva^aWff reasurer OT.^CV^irers - or Bii^pPgPthout

[Proviso.]

Treasuref of County to re-F3/ Constables

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

609

pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums extraordinary of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, Horses, Charges.

Boats, Barges and other Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, Horses,

Boats, Barges and other Vessels out of the Public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Direction, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall from time to time, during the Continuance of this A, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward); regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, are to travel and pass.

LXXXV. And, in case the said Public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels before mentioned, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, in the Money forth* General Quarter Sessions, shall have Power from time to time to raise Purpose how Monies upon the respective Counties qr Ridings, in such manner as ra, fed* they now raise Monies fof County Gaols and Bridges to satisfy tW said extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges aim other Vessels. T

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Officers, &c. That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in m

Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have ^a^s "n been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the time of its at union direct.

England; and that the Possess^rs of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the time of the said Union was provided; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for Carriages in the Service of the Forces from time to time quartered or marching Scotland, how in&dW, shall be provided in like manner, and at the Rates, and the Provided* Furaimer of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England'.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Troops How Troops to or Parties upon Command have Occasion in their March to pass regular Pay >n Passing Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may ^err!e, ^n be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pass over with his 5cotan

Party, as Passengers, or to hire the Ferr^Boat entirely to himself and his Party debarring others for that tithe in his Option; and in case he shall dfiufe to take Passage for himself and Party as Paflen-ers, he shall only pay for himself rad for each Person, Officer or Soldier under his Command, Half the ordinary Rate payable by Gng^ Persons at any such Ferry; and in case he shall hire the Ferry Boat for himself and Party, he shall pay Half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat, or Boats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, hut that all Passengers hire Boats at the Rate they

6 io

C. 108.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

LXXXIX. And, for the better Preservation of Game in or near such Place where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any time be quar-Officers or Sol- tered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and diers destroying after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hun-Game. dred an(j fjfteen> any Officer or Soldier shall without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill or destroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fiffi, or His Majesty's Game, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the same; that is to say, every Officer so offending Penalty. shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be

distributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Soldier under his Corn-Penalty. mand, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid and

distributed in manner aforesaid: And if upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within Two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Penalty. Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby de-

clared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

Receiving Enlist- XC. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ing Money receive Enlisting Money from any Officer employed on the Recruit-deemed enliste. gervjCC) or from any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party under the Command of such Officer, or from any Person employed on the Recruiting Service, he being an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be enacted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and shall, while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party, be entitled to be billetted and quartered as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service; Provided always, that every such Person so enlisted shall be entitled to all the Benefits herein enacted

Oath and Attest. ation of Service to His Majesty to be taken to his Heirs and Successors.

Relief of Persons hastily en-lifting themselves.

for the Relief of Persons hastily enlisting themselves.

XCI. And Whereas it is highly expedient that no Doubt should

remain as to Service of Soldiers, by reason of any Omission of His Majesty's Heirs and Successors in any Oath of Attestation; 9 Be it therefore declared and enacted, That any Oath and Attestation of Service heretofore or hereafter taken and made to His Majesty, is and shall be deemed and construed to be an Oath of Service to His Majesty's Heirs and Suefcifcffors, as the Sovereign of the Realm for the time being, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Words Heirs and Successors had been inserted in any such Oath or Attestation.

XCII. Provided nevertheleft^and it is hereby etaft^d and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty*" Jify O&e thousand eighthufiffied and fifteen, when and

Persons as a Soldier or Sol-

Land Servie&: $g^i&ey shall, witlmJ^Pbur

A.D. 18i$.

55 GEO. III. C. 108.

611

he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and acting for the Division or District where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Difient to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Such Person* Money, and also each Person so difienting paying the Sum of Twenty not paying En-Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with l'ft, nS and Sub-such full Rate allowed by Law for the Subsistence or Diet and Small Money

Beer fumiffied to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having time'deemed en-beeu enlisted, such Person or Persons so enlisting shall be forthwith listed; in which discharged and set at Liberty in the Presence of such Justice or Chief cate or if they Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, en!*ft> Justices to within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay such [{^certain* Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be en- Sections of the listed, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the Articles of War, said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall and administer declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, certain Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence to cause to be read over to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlisting and (wearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling if known, of such Person or Persons in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oatn in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the case of Recruits enlisted to serve either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Recruits enlisted Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty under ninth Year of the Reign of FJis Majesty, intituled An Act for better 39 3*

recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which case every serviCe"

such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the c-10 Oath Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.j to this Act annexed, of Allegiance, take the Oqth of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.j; and cx- Recruits en-

C. 108.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

Name and Residence of Re-emits taken down.

Justices may discharge Persons hastily enlisting themselves an paying Enlisting Money.

Magistrates to transmit to Secretary at War, Duplicates of Certificates of Name and Re. fidence of Persons receiving Enlisting Money ami itfangtig

Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering and billet ting such Men, and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which case every such Recruit shall, mstead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.l, and instead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, shall take the Oath directed to be taken by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.), and the Justice or Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (I.); and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that every Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall enlist any Recruit, shall at the time of such enlisting esquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the same down in Writing, or give the same to the Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same: Provided always, that in every case wherein any Person shall have re-. ceived Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded or have absented himself from the Party as aforesaid, so that it /hill not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and bring him "before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer the Party /hall

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

613

transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secretary at War, or if iu Ireland, the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary as aforesaid, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Fads of his having received Enlisting Money and having absconded may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter as having been duly enlisted.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Persons receiv-That if any Person or Persons shall receive the Enlisting Money from ing Enlisting.any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Private Soldier, or a^d ab*

other Person employed on the Recruiting Service (knowing it to deemed duly en-be such), and shall abfcoud, or refuse to go before such Justice or iift.ed.

Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such Enlisting Money as aforesaid, shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party with which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, under the Provisions of this Act, within such Period of Four Days aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be enlisted, and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if lie had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace that the true Name and Residence of the Person enlisted was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Person enlisted or left at his last usual Place of Abode of his having so enlisted.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall Persons con-enlist into His Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to cejl, ng lnfirmi-be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity which shall have been concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Garrii'on Vete-Justice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and mentioned at ran or Invalid the Foot thereof, maybe transferred into any Garrison or Veteran Battalions, or or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majesty's Marine Foroes, notwith- Marines.

Handing he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as shall be allowed by His Majesty by any Regulation made in that behalf, in lieu and instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall Persons making knowingly, wilfully and designedly make any false Representation of frlfe Represent-any Particular contained in the Oaths respectively marked (A.) and at, "nsfor P.ul[-(B.) and Certificates marked (C.) and (D.) in the Schedule to Bou, yJSiT* this Act respectively contained and annexed, before the Justice of of obtaining the Peart or Magistrate at the time of his Attestation, for the Pur- Money under pose of obtaining and shall obtain any enlisting Money or any Bounty false Pretences, for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be 3G*a* c. 24. deemed gudtjr.of obtaining Money under false Pretence, within the

the

C. 10S.

14

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual Punishment of P erf on: who shall attorn or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money by false or vntruk Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Hand Writing of the Justice of the Peace giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the time of his being attested.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two justices of the Peace or Magistrates before whom any Person shall be brought who has enlisted, and who shall be proved upon Oath before them and convicted of having wilfully concealed any such Infirmity upon being attested, or of having knowingly, wilfully and designedly made any such false Represen-tation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and such Person shall thereupon be subject to such Punishment as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues, Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates so convicting any such Person as aforesaid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Service of every Soldier, whether he shall have been or shall be enlisted for limited antecedent Service or ^or Life, shall as to the reckoning Years of Service, for DauofEnSt- Purpose of estimating any Increase of Pay or any Pension by reason of any Length of Service, under any Act or Acts of, or under any Regulations made by His Majesty, in relation to any such Increase of Pay or Pension, be deemed and construed to commence and be reckoned from the Quarter Days; that is to say, from the Twenty fifth Day of March the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Twenty fifth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December respectively, immediately antecedent to the Day of enlisting, and not from the Day of Attestation; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Regulation to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Soldier shall be entitled to receive any Pay for any Period preceding the Day of his actual enlisting.

XCVIII. And Whereas various Persons are in the habit of advertising for Recruits for Regiments of the Line, the Militia, or for the Service of the Honourable The East India Company; and also under the Pretence of procuring Substitutes for the same, to the great Detriment of the Service; Be it therefore further enacted. Adverting for That all Persons whatsoever, who shall after the passing of this Act Recruits without advertise, poll or disperse, or cause to be advertised, polled or dif-Authority. perfect Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recrttits or Substitutes,

or shall open or keep any Houses or Place&tff 'Rendezvous purport-in any manner whatever to be corititidfedSth the Recruiting for the L* -

Persons enlisting wilfully concealing Infirmity.

Punishment.

Service of Soldiers reckoned from Quarter Day antecedent

[Proviso.]

C.xo&

A.D. 1$r$.

55 GEO. III.

15

General, if for the Line or Militia, or of the Court of Directors, if for the Honourable East India Company's Service), or shall receive any Person or Persons as aforesaid at his House or Office under any such Bill or Advertisement on any Pretence whatever, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered on Conviction before a Magistrate, One Moiety to the Informer and the other to the Poor of the Parish, where such Information shall be laid; and on Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, at the Discretion of the Magistrate, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, and not less than One Month for each and every such Offence.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly bound as an Apprentice shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall (late to the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom he shall be carried, that he is not au Apprentice, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Correction, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, may be indicted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether such Person shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty's Regular Forces; and if, on the Eipiration of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken at a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

C. And be it further enacted, That no Matter in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound; and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the lead, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and unless such Matter shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule, to this Act annexed marked (L.)

Cl. And be it further enacted, That no Matter in Scotland shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enltfbnent, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed R r 4 thereon

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Apprentices en-lifting themselves.

Imprisonment.

30 G. a. c. 24.

 1, a.

Mailers in England in what case not entitled to claim Apprentices.

Oath.

How Mailers in Scotland shall proceed to recover Appren-

6i6

C. 108.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Proviso.]

Matters in Scotland in what case not precluded from claiming Apprentices.

54 G. 3. c. 22.

85.

Matters of Apprentices entitling consenting, entitled to receive Part of Bounty Money.

Apprentices claimed by Mailers carried before Justicend committed.

thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Matter, be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Matter shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace, and before such Justice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A'dl annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.): Provided always, that any Matter of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven Years in England, or Four Years in Scotland.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master in Scotland shall be precluded from claiming any Apprentice who shall hereafter enlist, by reason of the Contra& or Indenture not having been produced to a Justice of the Peace in the manner directed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the time therein limited, provided the same shall be produced to any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and be indorsed as therein directed, at any time within Three Months after the passing of this Act.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That any Master of any Apprentice who shall have enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Forces shall, upon his consenting to give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas, which shall be reserved in order to provide the said Recruit with Ne-ceflaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice, who shall be claimed by his Master, shall be taken from the Regiment, Troop or Recruiting Party with which he shall be, but under a Warrant granted by some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, and residing near to the Place where such Apprentice shall happen to be" when so claimed; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magiflxate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Troop or Company or the Recruiting Party with which such Apprentice shall then be, or some Non Commissioned Officer of such Recruiting Partfr-jpf such Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with such Officer or Non Commissioned Officer, f ft&dof. such Person b^nA^ Apprentice, and J

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

617

Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the Imprisonment.

County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, where

such Person shall be at the time when he shall be so claimed by his said Mailer, there to remain until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law, or, if not so required, to deliver such Apprentice

to his Mailer.

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justiresto ex-Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, so residing near to the Place where the Apprentice shall be claimed as aforesaid, except in Scotland as keep Indenture herein after mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall to he produced he so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alleged against on Trial, such person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and to bind over the Mailer claiming such Person and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after diretled to be had against such Person so offending; and the Production of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, with the Certificate of the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate that the same was proved before him, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Indenture of Apprenticeship.

CV1. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, ex- Offenders tried cept in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, may and shall be tried at at next Quarter the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Sessions of Oyer Sc, r, ons and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender's being brought before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, or the Sessions immediately succeeding such next Sessions, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial onjuftCause.

CVII. And be it enacted, That every such Offender in Scotland and in Scotland shall and maybe tried by the Judge Ordinary in such County or by Judge Or-Stewartry, in such and the like manner as any Person may be tried in d, nary*

Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler to whom Gaolers to give any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for Notice tnStcre-any Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Ex- ^xpiraUon of* piration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice to the imprisonment of Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Soldier*.

Absence to the Under Secretary for the Military Department, before the Day on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration of such Imprisonment.

CIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no No Person ex-Person whatever except an Apprentice who has enlisted or shall ceP' Apprentice enlist himself into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier as aforesaid, liable to l<e taken shall be liable to be arrested or taken out of His Majesty's Service^Breach of by reason of the Warrant of any Magistrate or Magi 11 rates, on Contradh account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement, to serve or work for any Mailer or Employer what foe ver.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- In whit case on who shall have been hired to serve any Matter for a Year or other- Servant* entitled wife, fluff* before the Expiration of his Term of Service under such "1

Hiring ing.

6i 8

C. 108.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Where Corps beyond Sejs relieved in order

choose may enlist, 5cc.

Hiring, enlist into His Majesty's Service, such Person shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magistrate shall think proper from his Mailer, for the time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall have failed, in consequence of such enlisting, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under such Hiring; and the Magistrate shall give an Order and take such other Steps as shall be necessary to enforce the Payment of such Proportion within Four Days after the Amount shall have been declared by such Magistrate.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Station or Place be-to return Home, yond the Seas, in order to their Return to Great Britain or Ireland, such of Men as it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station or Place respectively, to enlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to remain; and every Soldier so enlisted shall be and is hereby deemed to be discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served; and the Occasion of his quitting such former Corps shall be recited in the enlisting Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attested Copy whereof, shall be delivered to such Soldier, to protest him from being any ways molested upon Suspicion of his having deserted.

CXII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be

made for the enlilling and attesting of Soldiers desirous of re-en-

listing, and others desirous of enlisting Abroad j* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person duly authorized and appointed by His Majesty by any Warrant signed by the Secretary

Maje y at War in that behalf, and not being a General Officer nor holding

any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Soldiers desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into His Majesty's Service, and to administer such Oaths as are directed and required to be administered in that behalf by Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom in relation to the enlisting or re-enlisting of Soldiers, and any Person so authorized and appointed shall have all such Powers and Authorities in that behalf as are given to any Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom in relation to the enlisting or re-enlisting of Soldiers, and shall for all such Purposes as aforesaid be deemed and taken to be Justices of the Peace, any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed and taken to be so enlisted or re-enlisted under the Provision of any Act in force in relation to enlisting of Soldiers, and to the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, in like manner in every respect, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Oath had been administered, and such Attestation had been made, and enlisting or re-enlisting taken place before a Justice of the Peace in the United Kingdom.

Soldieri entitled

CXIII. And be it further enacted* Tiutt Vrary Soldier entitled to

"?"hn*r'-- or by^His Majesty,

Persons authorized by His

enlist or re Soldiers abroad.

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

6i$>

landed to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, at the Rate^er Diem fixed for victualling Soldiers on the March, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day's March; and every Soldier so entitled to his Discharge, who shall be discharged at any Place in the United Kingdom, other than that in which he shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like Marching Money, from the Place of his Discharge to the Place of his Attestation as aforesaid.

CXIV. And Whereas several Soldiers, being duly enlisted, do

afterwards desert, and are often found wandering, or otherwise

absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service It is

hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Con- Justices may liable, Headborough or Tythingman of the Town or Place where0mu Deler* any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tythingman can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier m His Majesty's Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Consession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other Public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or WtjhnMery or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, marked (N.), to the Secretary at War for the time being in London; or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction Regulations s or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall keepers * receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during Ga0 f*&c* the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that behalf; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or other Public Prison of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deserter, who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non Coramiffiofled Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on whi& shall have been taken, or some Order from the

Office

Fee.

C. 10?.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Reward for taking up Deserters.

Person con-feffing himself Deserter, deem>-ed duly enlicted.

Officer breaking open House without War-

[Penalty.]

What Officers rad Justices may grant Extension afEurlough/o

Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter, while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the March; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXV. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from His Majesty's Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain, where any Deserter shall be so committed, or in Ireland to the Collector or Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in the District where any Deserter shall be so committed, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or toarife in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and committed; which Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Foroes, or who, upon being apprehended for Desertion or any other Offence, shall in the Presence of the Magistrate confess himself to be a Deserter from any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioned Officer shall break open any House to search for Deserters without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace; and that every Commissioned Officer who shall without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Out Houses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall upon due Proof thereof forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CXVIII. And Whereas Soldiers absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are

foraetimes prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether in such

cases the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the c Peace be sanctioned by legal Authority, and effectual for preventing such Soldier from being apprehended; Opdn Suspicion of his

jde&ksed hi Regiment Be it further enacted, That any

C. io8.

62!

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier applying for the lame on account of Sickness or other Casualty, which shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extension necessary; and that every such Officer or Justice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the same, with the Cause of its being so; granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall belong; and that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be conllrued to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the same had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Justice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the District where such Soldier shall be.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all justices of Peace cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as afore- granting Exten-said in England, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Gnof Furlough, Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace granting the same, or where the same shall officers to ad-be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Vance Pay to Peace, upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from such Soldiers.

Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (0.), under his Hand, upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the same has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement of his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to the Parish Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed; and the same so authorized shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the Sums so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, Reilnburfedby upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Collector or Collectors of Excise of the District within which such Parish, Township or Place- bx<a e*

shall for same, on account of Sickness, &c.

Provifa

6 22

C. 10$.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Agents of Regi-tnents to repay Money advanced.

Proviso,

Justices of Peace granting Exten-fion of Furlough in Scotland empowered to order ColJedors of Excite to advance Pay to Soldiers.

Agents of Regiments to repay Money advanced.

[Proviso.]

shall he situated, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and ail Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England\ or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the same: Provided always, that if any Justice of Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall (late his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in Scotland, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the same, or where the same shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Collector of the Excise of the District wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall re-fide, or the Person officiating for such Collector, requiring him to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to date upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid and the Periods from and to which the same has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to such Collector of the Excise, or other Person officiating for him, the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed, and the Sum so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Dudes by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive;, the same: Provided always, that if any Justice -of the peace shaft 4$$ thfofc fit to makg.such Order for payfogjmr such Money a# ffoftapd*he shall state ]'n

C. 108.

623

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Extension of Furlough, and for the Re-imbursement thereof, as may be from time to time necessary for the carrying the same into Effect and ensuring the immediate Advance of such Money, where necessary, in Great Britain or Ireland\ and the due and regular Reimbursement thereof.

CXXII. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjiift or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Soldiers, whereby His Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is or shall be listed, or who shall lift and enter himself as a Volunteer in His Majesty's Service as a Soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action; and unless before the taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a Criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their behalf, shall make Affidavit before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court out of which Such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sumjuftly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be sued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at ieast, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals to discharge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier so arrested was legally enh'ftedasa Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable; for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs in case Judgment had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action.

CXXIII. And, to the end that honest Creditors who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entering into and lifting in His Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from fuingforthe same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion great Expence and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more easy and cheap Method, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so

entered,

cing Money in cases of Exten-fion of Furlough.

Volunteer not liable to Process unless for some Criminal Matter; or for Debt of aol.

Oath of Debt before a Judge.

Memorandum thereof marked on Back of Process.

Costs.

Plaintiff may flit Common Appearance.

6 24

C. 108

Ss GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

it

1,

Confined for Debt, not to receive Pay.

Soldiers taken Pril'oners to forfeit Pay, entitled on being adjudged by Court to have been fairly taken and ntied properly, Secretary at War may advance Pay if necessary with Consent of Court.

[Proviso.]

entered, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before such listing, to file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this Act, or any thing herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from the passing of this Act, no Soldier being arrested or confined for Debt in any Prison, Gaol or other Place, shall be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Arrest or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier who shall be taken Prisoner by the Enemy shall forfeit all Right and Claim to Pay during the Period of his remaining a Prisoner, and until he shall again return to His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that upon the Return of every Soldier to His Majesty's Service, due Enquiry shall be made as to the Conduct of such Soldier in relation to his being made Prisoner, and during the Period of his so remaining a Prisoner, and before Return to Service, by some General or Regimental, or Garrison or other Court Martial which shall be constituted under any Articles of War made by His Majesty for the Purpose of investigating such cases, and every Soldier who shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court by Oath of himself or others, or in such manner as such Court shall require, and which Oath every such Court is hereby authorized to administer, that he was fairly and unavoidably taken Prisoner in the Course of Service, without any wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any manner aided or assisted the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, shall thereupon be entitled to receive, either the whole of any such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, as shall be adjudged by any such Court: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland, for the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the I flue of such Arrears, or of any Proportion thereof, or of any such Pay, or of any Proportion thereof, as shall under all the circumstances appear to be proper, notwithstanding any such Forfeiture, and before any such In-veftigation, and from time to time to flop the Continuance of any such Issue of Pay, as the Case and Conduct of any such Soldier, in relation to his being Captured by the Enemy, and not returning to His Majesty's Service when enabled so to do, may require, and the Orders of the Secretary at War, or of such Chief or under Secretary for the Payment of any such Arrears or Pay, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for such Payment.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That act'Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts^ and also upon rtfrftttibg frtSm any Foreign thtf Otth describ^-Wi vcbe^e to this.A

the

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 10ft. $2$

Mailer General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Officers, ice. em-foid, That every Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of His bezding, &c. MajestVs Foroes, or any Storekeeper, or Commissary, or Deputy or Aflulant Commissary, or other Person employed in the Commis- Court Maniah lariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or for their Use, who shall embezzle, or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit ox suffer any Money, Provisions,

Forage, Anns, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores, to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be flooded or damaged, may be tried for the same by and before a Ueneral Court Martial; and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer, Storekeeper or Commissary, or Deputy or Assistant Commissary, or other Person, to be transporfced as a Felon for JLife, or for any certain Term of Yean, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Punishment. Dilmiffal from His Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, and every such Officer or Person shall in Addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loss and Damage sustained which shall have been ascertained by such Court MartiS; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any other Courts of Law having Jurisdiction, where any Person adjudged by a Court Martial to have incurred any such Penalties, or to make good any such Lodes or Damages, shall be resident after the said judgment dull be confirmed and made known; and after the said Sum Application of shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed Forfeiture, of as His Majesty shall dire (ft and appoint.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Non Commis-said, That every Non Commissioned Officer who shall be convicted fi"ed fficeJs at a General or Regimental Court Martial, of haying embezzled or nrifcpplied any Money with which he may have been entrusted, for reduced, &c. the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for enlisting Men into His Majesty's Service, shall be reduced to serve in the Ranks

as a Private Soldier, and be put under Stoppages until the Money be made good, and suffer such Corporal Punishment (not extending to Life or Limb) as the Court Martial shall think fit.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore- No Paymaster, said, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One &c- to make thopiand eight hundred and fifteen, no Paymaster General, or Pay- 0fVfficers*or mailer of the Army, Paymaster of the Marines, Secretary at War, Private Men's Commissary, Master Master, Paymaster of a Corps or District, or Pay. any Other Officer whatsoever, or their Under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Dedutftions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, winch shall grow due from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of Jme 0*e thousand eight hundred and fifteen, other than the usual Deductions allowed by His Majesty's Regulations; and such other Exception, ittrilfcy Pftjo^inns as shall from time to time be required to be 55 Geo. III. s a made

C. ro8.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Treasnry may issue out Money due for Clothing every Six Month*.

Pay matter Ge-

Paymasters, fcc. detaining Ofli-cers or Soldiers* Pay.

made under any Act of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or directed by His Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual.

CXXX. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every Six Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops and Companies: And the Pay-mailer General for the "*ra!to time being is hereby directed to notify the Receipt of the Money to

to Persons ha"?^Secretary at War, who shall immediately grant his Warrant for in? Alignments. the Payment of the proper Sum or Sums to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Assignment, from the Colonel or Commandant or Person authorized by him to make such Assignment.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Pay mailer. Agent or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, shall unlawfully detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Clothes and all other just Allowances being deduced), after such Pay shall be by him or them received; or if any Officers having received their Soldiers* Pay, shall refuse to pay each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier their respective Pay, when it shall become due, according to the several Rates established by His Majesty's Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, as aforesaid, to be for that Purpose duly held and summoned, every such Paymaster, Agent, Clerk or Officer so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Con vision before the said Court, One hundred Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier (if he demands it), shall be and he isliereby discharged from any further Service; any tiling in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXII. And, for enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders established, or to be established for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Garrisons, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, the said Agents are hereby required and directed to observe such Orders and Directions as shall from time to time be given by His Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for the time being, by His Majesty's Command, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland^ or by the Loft Treasurer Agentsdisobey- or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and if any ing Orders. Person being or having been an Agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such Orders and Directions, in relation First Offence. to his Duty as Agent, he shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information, for the Use of His Majesty; and* if still an Agent, Second Offence, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as Agent of the Garrison, Regiment, Battalion, Independent Troop or Company, in relation to which he shall have been guilty of jiich Offence, and be - utterly disabled to ha*4 Or hold such Employment thereafter; or if he shall have dHdfed O9 be such Agent shall, for the Second aild'fevery succeeditfff forfeit thU'Svm of

To^hnndredFotffidito be xecover^ffPlfe^ited.

'.ft*.'*' Vi* iwjMU!

[Penalty.]

Succeeding

Offences.

A.D. 1815.

5# GEO. III. C. 108.

627

CXXXIII. And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen to His Majesty's Service from Persons, not being authorized Agents of Regiment8, Troops or Companies, negotiating for the Purchase,

4 Sale and Exchange of Commissions in His Majesty's Forces, and much larger Sums than are allowed by His Majesty's Regulations are often given and received for Commissions, and great Frauds committed; Be it therefore enacted, That every Person, not being Persons acting an authorized Agent to some Regiment, Troop or Company of His Army Agents Majesty's Forces, who shall negotiate to act as Agent for and in w.'l^oul Autho-relation to the Purchase, Sale or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and every Person, whether authorized or Penalty, not, as Agent to some Regiment, Troop or Company, who shall take, accept or receive any Commission, Sum of Money or Reward, for any Negotiation relative to the Purchase, Sale or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, or who shall negotiate, bargain for or receive for his own Use or for the Use of any other Person or Persons any Sum of Money or other Consideration above the Amount of the Price allowed by His Majesty's Regulations for the Purchase, Sale or Exchange of any such Commission, or any Sum of Money or other Consideration, where no Price shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of Penalty, such Sum of Money or other Consideration as he shall negotiate, bargain for or receive above the Amount of the Price allowed by His Majesty's Regulations for such Commission, in such cases where any Price shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, or Treble the Value of the Sum or other Consideration negotiated, bargained for or taken and received in such cases in which no Price shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Autho- Paymasters, &c. rity aforesaid, That every present and future Paymaster, Agent or to account with Clerk, of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, who is or Executor8 shall be liable to account with any of the Executors and Administra-tors of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of such Officer or Soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Administrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Administrator of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such Officer or Soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such Executor or Administrator paying for the same, and shall account with such Executor or Administrator for the same; and that every such Paymaster, Agent or Clerk, of any Garrison, Penalty. Regiment, Troop or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to be recovered in like manner, as appointed by this Act, for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soldiers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers themselves.

CXXXV. And Whereas it may otherwise be doubted, whether the Officers and Persons serving in the Royal Artillery, and those hired to he employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers serving in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Persons laying, in Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, or the Matter

Gunners,

Officers, &c. of Trains of Artillery, &c. subject to Aft.

Innkeepers re-fuGng to receive Soldiers.

Troops raised or serving in His Majesty's Provinces, Sec. acting in Conjunction with His Majesty's other Forces liable to Martial Law. Employed on, Recruiting Service, and receiving regular Pay, subject to Provisions of Act.

Negroes purchased and serving in Forces deemed free.

C.to&. 5^ GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, 6e within the Intent end Meaning of this Act; it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, and Persons serving and hired to be employed, or Who shall serve and be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Engineers, and all Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or in the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and all Matter Gunners* and Gunners who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all times subject to all the Penalties and Punishments mentioned in this Act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act, during the Continuance of the fartie, and shall be quartered and billetted, together with the Horses employed for the Service of the said Corps, in the same Manner and under the same Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers* Soldiers and Horses, of His Majesty's other Foroes; and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Persons serving in the said Corps, and the Horses employed therein, shall be legally quartered, refuting to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers and Horses in His Majesty's other Foroes, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the case of His Majesty's other Forces.

CXXXVI. And Whereas great Mischief and Inconvenience may srife if it should be doubted whether Troops in Pay, raised or serving in any of His Majesty's Provinces, Governments, Colonies or Dominions, or in Countries, Colonies or Places in Possession of or occupied by His Majesty's Subjects, or any Forces of His Majesty, are, while under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately frofn His Majesty, liable to the same Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punishments, as His Majesty's Other Forces are subject to; To prevent such Mischies, and remove all Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops being muttered and in Pay which have been or are or shall be raised or serving as aforesaid, shall at all Times and in all Places be liable to Martial Law and Discipline ih like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty's Other Forces are, and shall be subject to the same Trial, Penalties and Puniffiswetit*.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend to all Serjeants and Non Commi(honed Officers or Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in refdfeft of such Service \ and all such Serjeants and Non Commissioned Officers and Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service, &aft he liable to Martin Law and Discipline, in like manner to act Intents and Purposes as His Majesty's other Foroes, and be subject to the same Trial, Pfeftal-Tfes nbd Punftfcukntt..-

CXXXVIfL And be it further That, from umLafter s piffing Of thts Act, all Negrtiei^uiftkded by or>n<*burtt and Mis

btfgSalid and aken ^t^Plifee, to

dstink Parpafts u&tiffty ia dig every

U - - a*respect

A.D. 1815.

S? GEO. III.

(5. 108*

629

respect as if fqeh NegTPW had been bprn free jn*any Pan of Hi

Majesty's Dominions j and that such Negroes shall also tq all Intents and Purposes whatever, be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily cnlifted in His Majesty's Service.

CXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nq- Proviso retyeft-thing iji this Act contained, as to enlisting for any limited, Periods of Service, or contained in any other Act ns to-any Rujes or Re- aCJOMniof HiT guktions for the granting apy Pension# or Allowances to any Sol- Majesty. diers di (charged, after certain Periods of Service, shall extend OT be downed or construed in any wapner to extend to any Negrqes purchased by or on account of His Majesty, his. Heirs and Successors, and faring in any of His Majesty's Forces.

CXL* And Whereas the Officers and Soldiers of the Grid*Troops, being taken Prisoners, are frequently sent oyer to Great Britain or Ireland in a very distressed Condition: And W-hereaf their Pay it not sufficient to provide them with necessary lodg^

ingi and Accommodations ? Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act it shall be lawful for Officers and Sol-the Constables, and other Civil Magistrates, within England* Ire- liers of fucJl land, Waltt and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* to quarter and en\over billet the Officers and Soldiers of such Troops in all such Houses hnd ' or re" as are liable by this Act to receive the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's other Foroes; and the said ConstableS and other Civil How quartered Magistrates are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers 9ml billelte(1* sad Soldiers of such Troops in the same Manner and under the same Reflations and Penalties, as are directed by this Act to bp observed in quartering and billetting the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's other Foroes; and all Persons on whom the Officer? and Soldiers of the said Troops shall be legally quartered, respftqg to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldier! of His Majesty's other Foroes, shall be subject to the same Per nalues as in the case of His Majesty's other Forces.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Aa not to exin this Act contained shall extend, or be any ways construed to tend to Militia, extend to concern any of the Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry pr Volun- lhan

teer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or ip Jersey, Guernsey, l^vs relating Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Islands thereto belonging, excepting thereto, only in such case wherein, by any Act or Acts, for regulating any of the Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland> the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take Place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; and nlfo except fp far as re- Exception, lates to the Mustering of the said Militia Foroes, according to the Prorifions herein after mentioned.

CXLII. And, for the better afen taming the Number of efteftive Men of the Regiments of Milkia, when embodied and in actual Service, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after Militia and F*o-the passing of this Act, every Regiment or Corps of Militia apd cible Menwheii Fenoble Men, when embodied and in actual Service, shall be regu- "ca reuaull^y' larly mattered by Commissaries appointed for that Purpose, in the mustered, &c. same manner and as often as the rest of the Army is usually muttered f and the Magistrates shall have the same Powers and Authorities,

C. 108.

Tn whit cases Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, See.

Perjury.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Suits brought in Couita of Record at Westminftwr, or in Dublin, or Court of Session in Scotland.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

rities, and both Officers and Men shall be subject to the lame Regulations, Restrictions and Penalties as are imposed on the Officers and Soldiers of the rest of the Army by virtue of this Act.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Islands oi Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and the Idands thereto belonging, as to the Clauses therein for muttering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny or Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be puniffi-able by the Sentence of a General, or Garrison, or Detachment, or Regimental Court Martial; and also to the Clauses which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to The King, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CXLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid (except in Scotland, as herein after provided), That if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit, shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Act, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General Issue, that he or they are Not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; which Special Matter being pleacted, had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge: And if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Dif-continuance thereof; that in every such case, the Justice or Justices or such other Judge before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action or Suit, against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court Martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any thing done by virtue or in: pursuance of such Sdfttence, shall be brought in same of the Courts of Record at WeJhMhtt or in Dublin, qr the Court of >&id&oavm{Sattia*dr and is aow Court whatfbereft*

j - -1. CXLVffittAod

- x <i -

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall I[ Scotland be raised or Complaint shall be preferred against any Person or Per- fcrred^/couit fons in 1Scotland, for any A Cl, Matter dr Thing to be acted; or done of session. in pursuance of this A A, such Action shall be raised and Complaint preferred in the Court of Session, and if such Court shall see fit to affoilzie the Defendant, or dismiss the Complaint, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them by the Treble Costs. said Court.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Harbouring, &c. Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter from His Deserter*. Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Slim of Twenty Pounds; and Penalty, upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more-credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justice of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be pad to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter did belong, and shall be credited by such Agent in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged shall be made to the Secretary at War by the Justice of the Peace by whom the same -shall have been imposed; and in case any such Offender con-Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods Defener*C' and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Imprisonment. Six Months: Provided also, that if any Person shall knowingly Receiving Arms, detain, buy or exchange or otherwise receive from any Soldier or &c. of Soldier* Deserter, or any other Person upon any Account or Pretence what- or^Deftrters> soever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to The King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; Penalty, or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Buying Oats, Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to &c; provided for His Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon or other Soldier knowing ^'rSv^efty*him to be such, or shall move, procure, counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds 5 and upon Conviction, by the Oath of Penalty.

One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Warrant.

Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the S s 4 Goods

c. 108.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of Fire Pounds to be paid to the Informed, and One Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter or Soldier did belong, who shall report the same to the Secretary at War and credit the same in his Public Accounts; and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of haring knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such. Meat, Drink, Beer, or other Provisions, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counfelied, solicited or enticed any Dragoon or other Soldier knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have fumcient Goods and Chat-tek whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties upon such Conviction, or give sufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four Days from such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender Imprisonment. to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise,

for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped at the Discretion of such Justice. Persuading Sol-

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-4t*$u> desert. yona any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, directly or indirectly, persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid* every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to His Majesty, his Heird or Successors, or to any other Penalty. Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender, so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and fhtisfy the same, or if from the Circumstances and Heinousness of the Crime, it shall appear to the Court before which the find Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, that any such Forfeiture is not a sufficient( Punishment for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any time fopwfonment. not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and also Pillory. to fomd in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour in some Mar-

ket Town next adjoining to the Place wherei^the Offence was committed in open Market there, or in the Mwket Town itself where the said Offence was Committed.: jarr

Manner offuing for Penthiei against JPerfbn* inducing Soldier# -1 co desert

CL. And be ito feather enacted^

Penalties by. this Act >C6a!U^

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 108.

<33

Wtfimnjttr; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sued for and recoverable in His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for any such like Offences as shall be committed in any other of the Dominions of His Majesty, shall and may be sued for and be recoverable in any Court of Record of His Majesty, in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and for such like Offence as -(bill have been committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey,

Ind for such Offences as shall be committed within the Island of Jer-

fej, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal

Court of Jerseys any thing contained in an Act passed in the First i G.i.Stat.2.

Year of King George the First to the contrary thereof in any wise c-47-

notwithstanding.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Penalties in Ire. Offences as shall be committed within that Part of the United King- hnd where sued dora called Ireland, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and for* be recoverable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Ides of Alderney and Sark, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Isle of Man? the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Istand, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Au- Limitation of thority aforesaid, That no such Action shall be brought or Profecu- Actions. tion carried ou by virtue of this Act, for the Penalties aforesaid, unless the same be commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

CLIII. And, in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to punishing Crimes and Offences committed against former Acts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the Came, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been Offences against committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and former Mutiny for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against j^dls punifoable any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the by A4t* same, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be enquired of, heard, tried and determined, adjudged and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished: And every Warrant for holding any Court Martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, not with (landing the Expiration of such Act, and all Proceedings of any Court Martial, upon any Thai begun under the Authority of such former Act, shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same, but it shall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any fetch Trial, and to

C. 108. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Offences against former Acts committed Three Years before issuing Warrant for Trial, <fcc.

Judgment into Execution in like manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Act.

CLIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts, or Articles of War, which shall appear to nave been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial; unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period; in which case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CLV. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That in case any Person shall be convicted of any Offences by which they shall become liable to any of the Pecuniary Penalties under this Act, the following shall be the Form of Conviction

Form of Conviction.

County of)T5 E it remembered, That on the Day

J*in the Year of our Lord at

in the County aforesaid, A B, came before me [or, us] One for,

Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, and informed me [or, us] upon Oath, that G. H. of

on the Day of

now last past, at in

the said County, did (here set forth the Sass in the manner described in the Statute); whereupon the said G. H. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me [or, us]

the said Justice [or, Justices] on the Day of

at in the said County, and having heard the

Charge contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the same being folly proved upon the Oath of /. K. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me [or, us] the said Justice [or, Justices], that he the said G. H. is guilty of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information. It is therefore considered and adjudged by me [or,

us] the said Justice [or, Justices], that he the said'G. H* be convicted; and I [or, we] do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid; and I [or, we] do hereby declare and adjudge that the said G. H. hath forfeited the Sum of

for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given, et cetera.*

Continuance of CLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the Twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and shall be and continue in forcewithin Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Iflexf-Mun^ and the Ifiandt thereto belonging, from the First Day.oIt July in the Year of our Lord One thousiwd eight hundred andfifem'until the First Daj&of ApriHa the Year, of our Lord One tJtftcfad eight hundred tarn $ and shall Jje^d cototinue in foitt*rithin the Gamfaygjp#- rtfaimnd In JjpA* and Portugal, from Twenty foftjEfcy of

C. 108.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

63a

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies, and North America, and Caps of Good Hope, from the Twenty fifth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and fifteen^ to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act Act altered, fcc. may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament

[Rates of Sub/i/lence, fxed, post. r. 154.]

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH, r do make Oath, That I am

(or, hare been, as the case may be) [fate Occupation, if any, or fate if none,] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish, Place, fcfr.] and that I am of the Age of Years j that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Period of [This Blank to befilled up by the Magistrate with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Person enlifing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Twelve. Tears, at the case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty: Provided always, that in the latter case the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten or Twelve, as the case may be] Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF OATH, v do make Oath, That I am, (or, have been,

as the case may be) [fate Occupation, if any, or fate if of none] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Par if, Place, &c.] and that I am of the Age of

Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve Hhi Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until I shall be legally discharged.

C. io8.

55 GEO. III.

ad. iai&.

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

(or, Chief Magistrate of )

do hereby certify that C. jD. appearing to be Years old,

Feet Inches high, Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

and Rated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, in the Regiment of commanded by and did engage

to serve for the Period of [This Blank to he filled up by the

Magistrates with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Perf on enlifiing is of the Agf of Eighteen Tears or upwards; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Twelve Tears, as the case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should so long, require his Service; and alfp for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Sewn, or Ten, or Twelve,] Years. Atid I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War again#: Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he tool the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to the said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (D.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

(or, Chief Magistrate of),

do hereby certify, That C. jD. appearing to be Years old, Feet Inches high,

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before.

me at, on the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and and Rated himself to be of the Age of Years,

and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, und no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had ypteStarily enlisted himself the Bounty of ^fd iftrve His Majesty Ehj&Gtorg*

C. 208.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

be legally discharged: And I do hereby certify, That in ray Preface the Third Md Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effect above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to thfc said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with ray Name.

637

SCHEDULE (E.)

Q*ti of Allegiance, 39 ^re.III. c. 109.

\A.fi. bc?ittg enlisted to serve, either in His Majesty's Troops or 1 in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, do swear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in ray Duty bound, defend-Him"in His Person, Crown and Dignity, against all HwFneoieij and that so long as I shall remain m His Majesty's Service, I wfll duly observe and obey His Majesty's Orders and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by His Majesty; and that if His Majesty shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over toe.

SCHEDULE (F.)

I J One of His Majesty's JuT-

To wit. j 1 ticee of the Peace of certify, That

aged Years,

Feet, Inches high. Complexion,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and > and acknowledge that he had voluntarily enlisted

himself for the Bounty of to serve either k His Majesty's Army or in the Forces of the East India Company, according His Majesty shall think fit to order. And I further certify, That, in nry Presence, the Third and Fourth Articles of the Seitfnd Section and the First Article of the Sixth Se&ioo of ike Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance prescribed by the Att of c. 1O9. to be taken instead of the Oath of Fidelity

mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth; and that he received the Sum of

on being attested,

SCHEDULE (G.)

I A.B. being enlisted to serve in the Infantry [or, Artillery, as the fitfe w] of the East India Company, do swear, That I will hafr brttfe Attendance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that to 1b fftfty ba $nd, defend Him in His Person, Crown and

Dignity,

C. io3.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Dignity, against all His Enemies; and I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

SCHEDULE (H.)

I A.B. do make Oath, That I am (or, have been, as the.case may he) \Jlale Occupation, if any, or state if of none], and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in \Jlate County, Parish or Place, 3*r.] and that I am the Age of Years, and

that I do not belong to the Militia or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines; and that I will serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, until I shall be duly and legally discharged [or if the Recruit enlijls for limited Service, then leave out the Words scored under, and insert] for the Period of Twelve Years [ if the Person cnlijling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Tears, as the case may he, and such Period to he inserted instead of Twelve Tears] provided the said United Company should so long require my Service*

SCHEDULE (I.)

t One of His Majesty's JuRices of the Peace of

[or. Chief Magistrate of ] do hereby certify, That

appeared to be Years old,

Feet, Inches high, Complexion, Eyes,

Hair, came before me at on the

Day of, and Rated himself to be of the Age of

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice legally bound so as to prevent his enliiung, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enliRed himself for the Bounty of to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of

[this Blank to he filled up by the Magistrate either until discharged or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of Enlistment] and I do hereby certify, that in myjPrefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section and the FirR Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War againR Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being atteRed, and that I have given to the said a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (&, )

FORM OF MASTER'Sf^QATH.

T of dan^ -Oath, That I*P by

Trade a -t and that fZ was bound tgJjtar^is

^prentice to me in the said. Indenu$^pfed, t^e

A.D. 1815.

C. 108.

55 GEO. III.

Day of for the Term of Years

and that the said did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit my Service without ray Consent, and that, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, the said is

aged about Years. Witness my Hand, at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this 1

Day of One thousand eight hundred > and.J

SCHEDULE (L.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of To wit.\ certify, That of

came before me at the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and and made Oath,

that he was by Trade a and that was bound to serve

as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture, dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did, on or about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Con-

sent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice ii aged about Years.

A.B.

639

SCHEDULE (M.)

FORM OF OATH.

J do hereby make Oath, That have

not applied any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the Private Use of any other Person, by way of Loan to such Person, or otherwise, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied to any other than Public Purposes, and according to the Duty of my

Sworn before me by the within named this Day of j

A. B,

Justice of the Peace for the County of [or, Commander in Chief, or Seoond in Command, &c. the Army serving in &c. at the case

may bc, -]

L

I

I

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of committed to Confinement at on the Day of

as a Deserter from the Battalion of the Regiment of

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of t Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District. Probable Date of Name, Occupation and Address The Particulars in Evidence against the Prisoner, and whether he

Feet. inches. Hair. Eyes. xvxflnci. Desertion, and from whence. of Person by whom apprehended. conreiieo runuoir to dc a Deserter in the Pro-fence of the Magistrate who committed him.

*Enquiry having been made as to the Prisoner's Health, ithas been reported to me that he in a fit State to be removed.

- Signature of Magi (Irate.

If any Military Medical Officer be at the Place, he will inspect the Deserter.

y, that the PHfoner has been duly examined timbre me, [faces herein stated, and has declared in my Prefencsflfaat i Defferter from the before mentioned Corps* "

- t----- Signature of Magistrate.

- Signature of Prisoner.

- Signature of Informant.

Ji91'(FV '111*020 '8*'D

A.D. 18i# 55 GEO. III. C. 108, 109/ 641

which shall come to your Hands, in respect of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of.per Day,

from the Day of to the Day of

both inclusive; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant, and pass as such for your Repayment under the Mutiny Ad.

Witness my Hand the Day of

C.D. Justice of the Peace for

CAP. CIX.

An Act to enable the Sheriff Depute or Substitute and Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmanan, to incarcerate Persons in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling, or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling.

[22d June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Persons against whom WarYV rants of Incarceration may be granted by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute or by Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmanati in Scotland, should be incarcerated in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling, or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling/* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Sheriff Depute it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and or Substitute or any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Clack-tnanan, to giant Warrant for incarcerating in the Gaol of the Royal Warrant foHn-Burgh of Stirling or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling, any carceration in Person or Persons in the County of Clackmanan, that ought by Law Gaol of Burgh to be incarcerated; and every Person and all Persons in the County of or.^.OUDt7 of Clackmanan, against whom any Warrant of Incarceration shall be St, r ms* issued by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or by any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Clackmanan, shall and may be incarcerated in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling, or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling, and shall and may be detained there, and otherwise dealt with according to Law, in the same manner as such Person or Persons would be in the Common Gaol of the County of Clackmanan, if such County had a Common Gaol, or as such Person or Persons would be if incarcerated by Warrant of the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Stirling.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Gaol of the Royal Burgh Common Gaol of Stirlingx or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling, shall be of County or the Common Gaol of the County of Clackmanan, until there shall be Bur&h the Com-a Common Gaol in tthis last County; and all Messengers at Arms ebekmanan. and other Officers of the Law whatsoever shall and may and are hereby required to ad in the Execution of any such Warrant, in such and the falne manner as if the same had been granted by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Jiiuice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Stirling.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Expence at- Burgh and tending or consequent upon any such Incarceration, or any thing County of Stir-to be done.in the Execution of this Act, shall be borne or defrayed lin8 free of Kx" by the Royal Burgh, or by the County of Stirling; but all such ^nce*

55 G*o. III. " Tt Exftuce

C. 109, no.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Expence shall be borne and defrayed by the County of Clactmanan, Rogue Money, and shall be paid out of the Rogue Money of the said County of Clackmanan.

CAP. CX.

47 G. 3. SelT. 1. c. 18.

Sch. (A.) (R)

Dutiet on Sweets made to cease.

New Duties of Excise.

An Act for charging certain Duties on Sweets or Made Wines in Ireland in lieu of former Duties.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Excise payable in Ireland upon all Liquors called Sweets or Made Wines, made in Ireland, and also the Countervailing Duties on British Sweets or Made Wines imported into Ireland, should be

decreased, so as not to exceed the Duties payable thereon in Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Duties of Excise payable in Ireland on Sweets or Made Wines made in Ireland, and all Countervailing Duties payable on British Sweets or Made Wines imported into Ireland under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, shall cease and determine; and that m lieu thereof there shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and in respect of such Sweets or Made Wines the several Sums of Money and Duties following; that is to say.

For and upon every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons of all Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines, made for Sale in Ireland, by Infuhon, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials, an Excise Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shillings British Currency, and after the same Rate for any greater or lets Quantity, to be paid by the respective Makers thereof:

For and upon every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons of British Sweets or other British Liquors, made by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredient whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Seven Shillings British Currency.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, or elsewhere, of any Irish or British-made Sweets or Made Wines, which shall have paid the Duties by this Act imposed, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Two Pounds Seven Shillings for and upon every Barred containing Thirty two Gallons in lieu and full Satisfaction t all.Drawbacks now allowed by Law for the same.*1*

III. And be it further enacted, ThaMh&faitf Duty of Excise

SmEr! vby this Act imposed on Sweets oc MrfdftdS&nes made for Sale in 0?SSfc Ireland shall be under the Managem^p^nmiissioners of j

Countervailing

Duty.

Drawback allowed on Exportation.

Duty under

A.D. 1815. C.nojiif. 643

granting unto His Majesty the federal Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or Made Wines, Mead and Vinegar; and for securing the Collection thereof; and as if all the Rules, Regulations, Clauses,

Matters and Things, in the said recited Act contained, for securing the Collection of the Duty granted by the said Act, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act with respect to the Duty of Excise granted by this Act, except only so far as relates to the Duration of the Licences in the said Act mentioned, and which Licences shall be in force to the Fifth Day of January in each Year; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duty Countervailing on Briffh-mzdt Wine imported into Ireland by this Act granted, Duty and Draw^ and the Drawbacks by this Act allowed, shall be raised, levied, back h?w lev'ed collected, paid, allowed, sued for and recovered in the same manner, and pa, d' and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, managing and allowing of any Duties, Taxes or Drawbacks, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign 14 & 15 Car. 2, of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for (*) c. 8. settling the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's 46 G. 3. c. 106. Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the &c* several ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Cmmtjfioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party -Appeal, or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Acts or any of them is or shall be provided.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for the better collecting and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the securing of the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Charges oti Stills and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of any Act or repealed;

Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the Quantity of Spirits proauceable wherefroifi any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any Still or Stills used by fiichDift filer, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, charges im-fiim and after the Commencement of this Act, every Distiller in posed accordinf Ireland 4hall, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day souring0 ^ul0 T t 2 N which"*

C. 111.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Officer to make Return and Duties, &c.

When Notice given of working Still with Turf, only Five sevenths of Charges im-pofad.

which any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Distiller shall continue or shall be presumed to continue working or shall be chargeable as working, under the Regulations or Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits (Milled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates specified in any Act or Acts in force, from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills; and that every such Distiller shall, over and above such several Quantities respectively, be charged with and shall pay Duty, in respect of each and every such Still or Stills, for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Acts specified, from all Pot Ale, Walh, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such to make several Quantities respectively; and the Officer or Officers in Charge /*S*rtS l^e Distillery of such Distiller shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gallons Content, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall insert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recommences to work a Still, ' or shall give Notice in like manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during Which any Still shall be chargeable as working, that such Distiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession during the next Succeeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid) from Five sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable, and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the lkid Rates, from all Pot Ale, Walh, Singlings or Low Wines, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weekr br Twenty eight DaySf over and above the Quantity pfoduceab!6'foom such reduced' Number of Charges of Singlings br Lp^'Wfea to aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it forthffieES6ffil> That if any Still

'v than

If during Notice of working with Turf only, Still' woj^dwith

conptai&t'*.

C. nr.

645

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

than Turf not charred, all and every Still and Stills in the Possession of such Distiller, not ft rapped down, taken down or displaced in manner

directed and appointed in and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of 50 G. 3. c. 15.

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty *2>3*

Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn; to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of licensed Distillers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland; shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of the said Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall CV*1, &c.fmnvl

have given such Notice that he proposes to work any such Still or Diflilhry

Stills in his Possession during any Period with Turf only not charred, f^/'using Turf, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, it shall not

be lawful for such Distiller, having given such Notice, to have or

keep within hia Distillery or any Premises connected therewith, at

any time during such Period, any Coal or other Fuel than Turf not

charred; and it, during any such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel

than Turf not charred, shall be found within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within any Premises connected therewith, all such Coal or

other Fuel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller, Forfeited.

within whole Distillery or other Premises such Coal or other Fuel

shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and Penalty.

such Distiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Distiller charged

Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the said Period, for and in fu!J, Num"

respect of every Still in his Distillery, which shall by Law be con- er 0 rges*

fidered as working, without any Allowance whatever for or in respect of the Use of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been worked

with Coal during such Period.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much and such Parts of an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An 54 G. 3. C.

AS to amend several Acts relating to the Revenuest Matters and

Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and

Tort Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes

in Ireland; whereby it is enacted, that it shall not be lawful for 

any Distiller in Ireland, within any Period of Four Weeks during which such Distiller shall work or shall be chargeable as working any Still or Stills, to charge any such Still or Stills with any greater

Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings than such Distiller.is or may be

required to do within any such Period, by any Law in Force at the time when such Distiller shall he so working or chargeable as working

any such Still or Stills, nor to make or distil in any such Still or Stills any greater Quantity of Spirits than such Distiller is or may be

by Law chargeable within respect of the Number of Gallons Content

of such Still or Stills, and in respect of the Number of Charges of

Sin or Low Wines in such Still or Stills within such Period of

F01 eks; and also so much of the said recited Act whereby any  Chanje of Double Duty or Penalty is imposed on any Distiller for any such Excefs; and also so much of the said recited Act, whereby  aa. Provision is made in case any such Excefa of Spirits shall not be greater than the Quantities therein respectively mentioned; and also so much ff tfcfaddtecited whereby Provision is made with respect to any

C. in.

55 GEO. ID.

A.D. 1815.

repealed.

Stills set up in lieu of others to be of like Di-menOons ami Contents as former.

48 G. 3. c. 8r.

Ante, C.IJ.

113-

[Penalty.]

Spirits not ware-hoofed at any Strength Icfs than aS per Cent, over Proof.

Spirits forfeited if found under Strength.

Notice that any Distiller intends, within any Period of Four Weeks, to distil any greater Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines than such Distiller is or may be required to do by Law, and with respect to any Charge and Payment of Duty in consequence of such Notice, and whereby any Double Duty or Penalty is imposed on any Distiller in respect of any Charge of any Still contrary to such Notice, or in respect of any Quantity of Spirits distilled by such Distiller, or for which such Distiller may be chargeable, greater than the Quantity mentioned in such Notice, shall extend and be construed to extend to such Stills only, the Content whereof shall not exceed Two hundred Gallons; and that as to all Stills the Content whereof shall exceed Two hundred Galions, the said Enadments and Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep any Still, shall, under the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits dtjlilled in Ireland, or of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Dif illation in Ireland, to the Warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits dt/HUed, and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, set up or ered any Still in the Place and Stead of any Still which such Distiller shall have been or shall be licensed to keep, such Still so set up and erected, shall be of the like Di-inensions, and upon the like Plan, and of like Content as the Still in the Place or Stead of which it shall be so set up and erected; and that if any Still so set up and erected in the Place and Stead of any other Still, shall be of a Plan or of Dimensions different from the Still in the Place or Stead of which it is set up and erected, or shall exceed by Four Gallons or more the Content of the Still in the Place or Stead of which it is so set up and erected, such Still so set up and erected shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Distiller in whose Distillery any such Still shall be so set up and erected, contrary to the* Provisions of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Spirits made or distilled in Ireland shall be permitted or allowed to be secured in Warehouse in Ireland\ without Payment of the Duty of Excise payable in Ireland thereon, unless such Spirits shall be of the full Strength of One to Four or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof; and if on the Removal of any such Spirits from any Distillery for the Furt>oie of being ware* housed, or if on the Arrival or Receipt of any-wh'Spirits at such Warehouse, any Deficiency shall be tound by any

Officer or Officers of Excise, in the Strft$gtl$$foch Spirits below such Strength of One ttt Fopr or Twtfitp^B^pkt9Gentum over Hydrometer Proof, theft ilnd in every Spirits, together

With the of Vefly, or Package^wM^he same.

C.iii*

rWsh

'kid

tfpede; i Note, Daa

tear

info

gsn!

ictti

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

647

more than Three per Centum below the said Strength of One to Four or Twenty five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall be sent If Spirits sent or delivered out of the Distillery or Store of any Distiller (except out of Distillery such Spirits which shall be sent or delivered to any of His Majesty's

Warehouses or Stores, pursuant to the Provisions of any Act or houie) without Act in Force for the Warehousing of Spirits), upon which all Payment of the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid, or which shall Duty, not have been accompanied by a legal Permit granted by the proper Officer to such Distiller, every such Distiller, for every such Offence, Penalty, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also a Sum equal to double the Duty which would be by Law chargeable on a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity which shall have been so sent or delivered out, and whereon it shall appear that the full Duty had not been paid; and upon the Trial of any Information for any such Offence, the Proof that all the Duties on the Spirits sent or delivered Onus proband* out had been actually paid before such Spirits were sent out or delivered, or that the Spirits sent or delivered out were accompanied by such legal Permit as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall lie on the Distiller, and not on the Officer or Person prosecuting such Information.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Duties Collectors im-payable by any Distiller shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties powered to difare or shall be by Law due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Sp^rits^c^m65* Collector of the Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection Stoc^ J, f Distii. of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be ler or in Ware-situate, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Collector or house.

other Officer respectively, to impower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads and Worms, and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, and all Malt,

[Proviso.]

Com and other Materials for distilling in any such Distillery, or in any Store or Place thereto belonging, or lii the Use, Custody or Possession of any such Distiller, and also all or any Spirits which having been warehoused by any such Distiller in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, shall be in any such Warehouse or Store (any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding), and to taule the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days pre- Sale by Audio*, vious Notice thereof; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, and also the Duties on such Part of the Spirits which shall have been warehoused and distrained and sold as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking and distraming and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and pad to such Distiller or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller or his Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for removing all or any Part of such Spirits, upon paying to the Collector or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of all such Spirits as shall be required to be removed; and the same may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall on due Appli-citfcn bfc'given for the same, in like manner as if no such Distrqfs had fozrtnade.

C. hi.

Upon Trial of Information lor Penalty for lmy-ing, &c. illicit Spirits, Defendant convicted, unlel's Proof of Payment of Duty, or that Spirits were received from liceufed Person and legally permitted.

Clauses, &c. of former As securing Collection of Duties extended to A

55 Geo. ur.

A.D. 1815.

Act conllrued as one.

Recovery and Application of Penalties as under

14 & 15 Car. l. (I.) Sess. 4 c. 8. See.

Appeal.

Commencement of Ad.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Trial of any Infer-mation for Recovery of any Penalty by Law imposed on any Person in Ireland, who shall knowingly buy or receive, or permit or suffer to be bought or received, for his, her or their Use, any Spirits in any Quantity whatever, the full Duties chargeable whereon had not been paid, or any Spirits whatever in any Quantity requiring a Permit by Law, which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permit to the Buyer and Receiver thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Information shall be convicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants, that the full Duty on such Spirits had been duly paid, or that such Spirits were bought by or for such Defendant or Defendants, and received from a licensed Distiller or some Person licensed to fell Spirits, or that the same were attended with proper Permit or Permits to such Defendant or Defendants; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, provided, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Colledionof the Duties on Spirits diddled in Ireland, shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Redridions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts, or any of them, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or any other Act or Acts; and that the said Acts and this Act shall be condrued together as One Ad to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency; and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted, or in or by any other Act. or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and ejsprefiedand re-enacted in this Act, with like remedy of Appeal tqi^qr the Party or Parties

who shall think him, her pr themielve by the said Acts, Ad or

I or-injured, as in and Ireland, relating to

K A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 111, 112.

which any Charge shall be made under this Act, shall be chargeable as working by Law: Provided also, that no Charge by this Act im- Proviso, posed shall take Effect with respect to any Still or Stills which shall be chargeable as working on such Monday Week next after the passing of this Act, until after the End of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days' working of such Still or Stills as shall have commenced before such Monday Week next after the passing of this Act, and that this Act shall as to such Still or Stills commence and take Effect immediately after the End of such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days as aforesaid.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such Distiller being of the several Contents following; that is to say.

Contents of the Still. Number of Charges.

3, 000 Gallons and upwards.84

under 3, 000 Gallons and not less than 2, 750 86

- 2, 750 2, 50c 88

- 2, 500 2, 250 92

- 2, 250 2, 000 96

- 2, 000 I7599

- 11750 1, 500 103

- 1, 500 1, 250 109

1, 250 1,000 117

- 1,000 750 130

750 500 144

500 400 165

400 3 185

' - 300 - 200 207

under 200 and exceeding 100 230

Not exceeding 100 and exceeding 65 90

Not exceeding 65 and not less than - 44*120

CAP. CXII.

An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS lt* expedient to provide for the better regu-

W lating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper

made in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, an Act made in the Forty seventh o. 3. Sess. 1. XearofHitgrefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend c. 38. except,

several 5X

C. 112.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

 IO.  II.

repealed.

Exceptions.

several Acts for regulating and fituiring the Collection of the Dutiee on Paper made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much of an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty as relates to Paper Hangings, printed, painted or Jlained in Ireland; and also an Act 49 G. 3. c. 77. made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for feeuring the Duties on Paper 54 G. 3. c. 120. made in Ireland; and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; as provides for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable by Paper Makers in Ireland, nnd as authorizes any Three Commissioners of Excise to make any Abatement of any Charge of Duty against any Paper Maker, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed, except so far as the said first recited Act repeals any Part of any Act relating to the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and also except so far a* the said first recited Act makes perpetual an Act therein recited relating to the Duty on Paper Hangings, printed, painted or stained in Ireland; save so much of the said lait mentioned Act as may have been or shall be altered by any Act (a) of the present Session of Parliament; and also save and except so far as the said Acts of the Forty seventh, and Forty ninth, and Fifty fourth Years aforesaid, relate to the charging, recovering, levying and paying any Duties on Paper made in Ireland, or any Arrears of such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the same, or for making or allowing any Abatement of such Duties which shall or may be incurred or become due on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all and every the Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be and* remain in full Force and Effect, for the charging, recovering, levying and paying the said Dutiesr and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and for making or allowing any such Abatement as if this Act had not been made.

(a) [See ante, cc. 12. 104. ill.]

II. And be it further enacted, That all Paper (other than Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage only without separating of extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and witfidut Mixture of any other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot-preffers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board, which shall be, made in Ireland) shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the First Class within the Meaning of this Act, and of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for granting or feeuring the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and that all Brown Paper made of Old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch.eg Tar or any Part there-

Paper how elafled.

from, and without any Mixture of ot of such Old Ropes or Cordage mixedrj g are not fit for making any Paperj

therewith, or madfe

C. i ix

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

and Scfcleboard, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Shearing or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-preffers, so to be made, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Paper of the Third Class within the Meaning of this Act and the said Ada} and that all Paper which shall be made in Ireland shall be <Wfed and denominated accordingly; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of any Charge under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on any Paper Maker in respect of each and every Engine and Vat or Wet Press kept or used by such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall for and in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort or Kind whatever, or which shall be employed in preparing any Stuff for making Paper of any Sort or Kind whatever, be charged with and shall pay for each and every Calendar Month in the Proportion and at the Rate of Ten Shillings Brtttjb Currency, for each and every Cubic Foot of the computed Contents of each and every such Engine, taken according to the greatest Length, Depth and Breadth thereof without any Allowance or Deduction whatever, for or on account of any Peculiarity of Shape or Form of such Engine, or of any Machinery which shall or may he contained therein or on any other account, and which said Rates or Sums shall be charged and chargeable and paid and payable, as and for the Duty according to the Weight of such Quantity of Paper, as may be produced from any such Engine within each such Month as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Duty chargeable by Weight on the Paper made by any Paper Maker within any such Month as aforesaid, shall in any case exceed the Rate or Sum hereby directed to be charged for any such Month in respect of each and every such Engine, then and in every such case, such Paper Maker shall be charged with and pay such Excess of Duty on the said Paper according to the Quality and Weight thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in Charge of any Paper Mill, of any Paper Maker in Ireland, shall, within Ten Days after the Twenty fifth Day of the Months of September, 0Sober, November and December, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and in like manner within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month while any Engine or Engines of any Paper Maker shall be working or shall be chargeable as working, make a Return to the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Paper Miii- shall be situate, of the Amount of the Monthlj Rates or Sums hereby directed to be charged for the Month ending on such Days respectively* in respect of aff and every Engine or Engines kept or used by such Paper Maker at any time in each and every such Month, and also of the Quantity, Quality and Weight of all Sorts of Paper, which shall have been weighed at such Mill by such Officer in the course of such Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon by Weight, and every such Return shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker to the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Som$aipb)fe^nde*tfcis; Act in respect/of all and every such Engine

or

651

Instead of present Mode of Charge, Paper Maker shall pay Monthly for each Engine used by him, after Rate of 10s. for every Cubic Foot of Contents of Engine

If Duty by Weight exceed Monthly Rate, Excess charged.

Officer to make Return of Monthly Rates and of Weight of Paper to Collector in manner herein mentioned.

52

Excefe of Duty in respect of Weight Charge n Paper Maker.

112.

is0 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Default in Payment of Duty. Penalty.

Officers not leaving Copy of Return.

or Engines, and every such Paper Maker shall be deemed to have made within such Month such Quantity of Paper as shall be subject according to Weight to a Duty equal to the Amount of the Rate or Sum so charged, and every such Paper Maker shall pay the Sum so charged and returned; and in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper of every Class, Denomination and Kind, specified in such Return as weighed within such Month, shall exceed the Amount of the Rate or Sum payable in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines, then the Return of the Officer shall be a Charge on such Paper Maker for the Amount of such Excess, over and above the Amount of the Rate or Sum chargeable in respect of such Engine or Engines as aforesaid, and such Paper Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Fourteen Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every such Paper Maker shall for every Default in Payment of any such Duty forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Sura so returned and charged; and every such Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand,

with every such Paper Maker or at such Paper Mill, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons in Ireland to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper after the Commencement of this Act, every such Person or Persons requiring such Licence shall, before the same be

[Penalty.]

Before Licence {ranted to Paper Maker he shall deliver in to

Officer of Dif- w

trift an Account granted, make out, (ign and deliver to the Collector or other Officer of Mill, &c, in charge of the Collection of the District in which the Mill or Mills of such Person or Persons shall be situate, an Account in Writing to be entered and registered in the Office of Excise of such District, containing his, her or their Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where such Mill or Mills shall be situate, and specifying every Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place, by him, her or them respectively intended to be used in or for the making, drying or keeping of any Paper, or any Materials proper to be made into Paper, and the Situation thereof respectively, and also specifying the Number and Situation of all the Engines, and of all Vats, Wet Presses, Uten fils and Vessels respectively by him, her or them used or intended to be used in or for making any Paper, and the Number of Cubic Feet in every such Engine computed as aforesaid; and in such written Account the Person making the same shall diltin-

fuiffi every such Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse or other lace, and every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel, by separate Numbers relating to each in Arithmetical Progression,

Numbers painted on Door of Mill and on Utensils.

Account registered in Excise Office.

beginning with Number One; and upon some visible Part of every such Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel, and upon the Door of every such Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop,

Room or other Place, shall paint or cause to be painted with Oil Colour in Black upon a White Ground, or White upon a Black Ground, and shall keep them so painted in a visible and legible manner the Number of each such Engine, VaL Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel, and of each such Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place respectively, in conformity with such Account; atwULu the Surveyor of Excise withia whose Survey such Mill shall be situate,

shall

C.ut.

*53

ball be deemed tob Paper as shall be & be Amount of tit is Maker shall paj ikSa uty chargeable iji^e rery Ciais, Deoocsa gbed within feci M n payable in respedu'i! he Return of tkOfa or the Affioaotb Rate or Sosdzp Foresaid, asdic ftp nch Retail edCkrgt ourteen Dip tie d Charge 111 btb t every Defalt a Pn-wenty Poocdi, toftlk ( f the Sum ii> roos id Ik s Iwebr requs

rOmiiaca in ib doing. iurLkaiceiiillbf

jkeepaM^lof Mills

this Act, esery such

btfatt tit iiK he dor or otkr Oi

kh the MiR or

ctMiat in Wrssf

t r ti

beufediaw^

pt&rdy.ii^

xginei, and of

r by biaij ber or

tY["&

ifdaiferewi

[m

fjjoaieorotkr ^|jai Vessel, I ProgressioD, Vt of every d upon tii wide, Shop,

: A with (S x>n aBbtl nblews^ ill or VA

ifeer^

mi fab lie fa*? (hill

A.D. 1815. 55ft GEO. III.

shall at the Bottom of* every such Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, certify such Account by signing his Name thereto, and thereupon the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Didrift shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof, signed by him, to the Party who delivered such Account, and before any such Licence shall be granted, at any time after the Commencement of this Act, such Certificate shall be produced to the Person empowered to grant such Licence.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any six Days' No-Paper Maker shall from time to time intend to keep or make use of dee given to Ex-any Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, Wet Press or Wet Presses, in jfj Office when Addition to or in the Stead or Place of any Engine or Engines, Vat change made ia or Vats, or Wet Press or Wet Presses of which such Account as afore- Enginei, fcc. said shall have been delivered, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper

Maker so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Mill of such Paper Maker, and upon an Account being made out, signed and delivered in manner aforesaid, and registered as aforesaid, and specifying the Number of Cubic Feet contained in any such Engine, and also all such other Particulars as are required as aforesaid, Six Days at the least before such Paper Maker shall make use of any such Engine, Vat or Wet Press, and such Paper Maker shall in such Notice and Account respectively hereby required to be given of such other Engine, Vat or Wet Press, express that the same is or f are an additional Engine, Vat or Wet Press is f or are intended t Sic. to be kept or used in the Place or Stead of a former Engine, Vat or Wet Press, and such Engine, Vat or Wet Press shall be numbered, in manner before directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall make Making Paper any Paper of any Sort or Kind whatever, or shall make use of any beforei licenced, Mill, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place, or any

Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil or Vessel for the making, drying onMilCEn-or keeping of any Paper whatever, before such Person shall have gines.&c, made out, signed and delivered such Account as aforesaid, or without being duly licensed according to Law, or shall omit to paint or cause to be painted in manner hereinbefore directed, or to keep painted in a visible and legible manner upon each such Mill, Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place respectively, the Number thereof respectively, in conformity with such Account, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum Penalty, of One hundred Pounds; and that all Paper of every Sort or Kind whatever, which shall be found in any Mill, Warehouse, Workhouse,

Storehouse or other Place, and for which a Licence in force shall not have been duly granted, or of which such Account shall not have been made out, signed and delivered as is by this Act required, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of Excise in Ireland; and that if any Person requiring such Licence as aforesaid shall omit to make out, sign and deliver such Account as is by this Act directed, of the Number of Cubic Feet in each and every Engine, or shall make or deliver any false Account of the Engines, Vats, Wet Presses,

Uhttfik and Vessels, or of the Cubic Feet in any Engine, every such Person

C.IISU

54

[Penalty.]

Six Days' Notice given to Officer before commencing or recommencing to work Engine,

jjOEo.ni.

a.d.i8ij.

i

[Penalty.]

Periods of giving Notice of Commencement or Recommencement.

Period between Nov. ay. and Jan. 5. 1816, deemed Calendar Month.

After Notice for commencing Engines presumed to be kept at Work till Notice given of DUcontinu-ance.

Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with each and every Engine, Vat, Wet Press, Utensil and Vessel whereof no such Account or any false Account shall have been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall, before commencing to work any Engine, at any time after the Commencement of this Act, or at any time within any Year for which such Paper Maker shall be licensed to use any Mill for the making of Paper, and so in like manner before recommencing to work any Engine after any Discontinuance in such Year as herein after provided,

; ive Six Days* Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of Inland

Sxcise and Taxes in Ireland, and to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Mill of such Paper Maker, distinguishing each such Engine by the Number and Dimentsions thereof, as the same is described in the Account by this Act required to be made out by such Paper Maker, and setting forth the Day and Hour when such Paper Maker intends to commence or recommence so to work any Engine; and any such Paper Maker who shall make any Paper, or shall have any Stuff or Materials in Process for making the same into Paper, without having given such respective Notices in manner by this Act directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice of Commencement or Recommencement to work any Engine which shall be given after the Commencement of this Act and previous to the Twenty sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, than the Twenty sixth Days of the Month of August, September, October or November, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and no Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice which shall be given after the Twenty sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen other than the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year for which such Paper Maker shall be licensed to use any Mill for the making of Paper, and no Paper Maker shall, after the Commencement of this Act, commence or recommence working, except on such Days and Times respectively.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Period between the Twenty fifth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall be deemed and taken to be a Calendar Month, within the Meaning and for all the Purposes of this

XI. And be it further enacted, That every n^nrwE^ie t?ay.

mentioned in any Notice for commencing or recommencing to work, shall be presumed to be kept regularly at Work, from that Day up til the End of the Year for which the Paper Maker shall be licensed, and shall be chargeable and charged accordingly, unless the working of any such Engine shall be, discontipucj} JU manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Pq^jMWter shall, at anytime between the ?$ftb D*yof May anj^tj^JSw Day of November in aqy, Yiear. so^w such such Paper. licensed, be de&eut

qtjlffconri

C. 112.

5S

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

for such Paper Maker so to db, provided that such Paper Maker Period and

(kail give Notice in Writing of such Intention to discontinue such Manner of

working to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in /re- SSoIStSSS?

land, and to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Col- work#

lession of the District in which such Paper Mill is fittiate, and to

the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of such Paper Mill, Six Days

at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinu-

ing the lame as herein provided, distinguishing each such Engine by the Number and Dimensions thereof respectively, as the same shall

hare been or ought to have been set forth in the Account required

to be made out by such Paper Maker under this Act, and specify-

ing the Hour of the Day at which such working is so intended to

be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day shall be men- proviso.

honed in any such Notice for such Discontinuance, except only the

Fifth Days of the Months of May, June, July, August, September

or 08ober respectively; and that the Hour of the Day specified in

such Notice shall be tome Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon

on such Day, and at the Day and Hour specified in such Notice

the Officer in Charge of such Paper Mill shall attend and fee that such Engine is no longer at work, and the Officer in Charge of the

Paper Mill shall not charge the Paper Maker with any Duty in respect of such Engine so discontinued as aforesaid, for any Month

between the said Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Day of November,

in which the working of such Engine shall be discontinued in manner

aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in any officers to fiftm such Notice of Discontinuance it shall and may be lawful for any Engines on No-Officer of Excise in Charge of such Mill, and he is hereby required dee of Discon-to fallen and lock each and every Engine, the working of which shall bnuance.

be intended to be discontinued, in such manner as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and issue such Orders and Directions as they shall think expedient to the several Paper Makers and Officers for the fastening or locking of any Engine, and all and every such Orders and Directions shall be complied with and obeyed by every such Paper Maker and Officer; and if any Paper Maker shall refuse or neglect

paper Makers

to comply with or obey any such Orders or Directions which shall not complying.

be so made and issued, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit for every Penalty.

such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall be Obstruction

prevented by any Person at such Mill from fattening and locking Officer from any Engine, the working of which shall be so intended to be discon- frftemng En-tinued, or in consequence of such Mill being locked and no Person not 108

appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or if any such Engine frftened.&c. shall in any Event not be fattened or locked in mariner aforesaid, or

if atanvtime subsequent to the time any such Engine shall have been fanened or looted, or by any of the Provisions of this Act ought to have been fattened or locked, any such Engine shall be found not fattened and locked piirfdant to the Directions of this Act, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses shall be found in anyfwhd&gifte* unkfs due Notice shall have been given pursuanMo

6$6

C. 113.

ft* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

the Directions of this Act, of the Intention again to work fgch Engine, every such Paper Maker shall, in each and every the respectiv< Penalty. Case and cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Roller, &c. of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Engmc removed paper Maker shall discontinue the working of any Engine, such

on Nnnre heinir

on Notice being paper Maker shall, before the time specified in any Notice for dif*

given to discontinue working.

continuing the working of the same, displace and remove, or cauic to be displaced and removed, clear out of each and every such Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brafles belonging to such En-

fen<'

[Penalty.]

Working Engine after time men.

rine, and shall within Six Days then next following fend or convey such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses, to the Excise Office of the District in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be situate, there to be kept until the same shall be returned to the Proprietor thereof, on his or her giving Notice pursuant to this Act of his or her Intention to work such Engine; and if any Paper Maker (h^ll not before the time which shall be so specified in any such Notice displace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed in manner aforesaid, every such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brades, or shall not fend or convey the same to the Excise Office as aforesaid within the time aforesaid, every such Paper Maker shall, for such Default or Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time subsequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in any such Notice of Discontinu-

'fDU'conU101106 ance> Engine, discontinuing of the working of which such

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Fattening* provided by Paper Maker.

Notice shall nave been given, shall be worked or used in any manner whatsoever in the Process of making of Paper (unless under a Notice of Recommencement of working in manner herein after mentioned), the Paper Maker in whose Mill the same shall be so worked or used, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable with all such Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to-have been charged with under this Act, in case no such Notice of Discontinuance had been given in manner aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise whatever, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of any Month in which it shall have been or shall be discovered that such Engine was worked or used contrary thereto, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be situate, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with for the Period or Periods from the time mentioned in the Notice of the discontinuing the working of such Engine to such Fifth Day of the Month in which it shall have been discovered that such Engine was so worked or used, and such Return shall be a Charge on ev.ery such Paper Maker who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable within Fourteen Days next after such Return shall have been made, or in Default of such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Duty so returned and charged.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall from time to time provide such Fastenings or Locks and Keys to each and every Engine in his or her Mill, and shall keep the lame in good and sufficient Order in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge of such Mill, or shall pay for such Fattening, Locks and Keys a6 shall be provided by such Surveyor

C.-II2.

Ml?!}

igain to work JiM E* icd every ihc idjpeos )ne hundred Peek in all cases wta v; of any Eogioe, la in any Notice hi x and remote, arcs: h and eitryiachfa-belonging to fid t llowingmum heEtctfcOkoftx erMbebtmkt the PropratetW 5 Ad of fasorbt Paper MaierSfUost

id rmored a idBn&s, or Uuutt ii ilortiid \rtk lit, kfodMake

: d

KjtExfi Majnt otice of Discoimu-

trhing of whi^ such, rnfedn any Buner nlrfs unde ate

ifo worked cr'i4, and klhilo k

ninth under m bid beam in

f a; tracer irth Day of any raid tk such ike j Return to Moo of tk: h Sum or She lie vnli for tk rice of the SI' to Dis of tk '}EofBem on ertrj such h Return to such Return shall forfeit il to double

taker U

id Keys m ep the&e

A.D. 1815.

Sf GEO. III.

<557

veyorj and if any such Paper Maker shall neglect to provide, repair or pay for such Fattening, Locks and Keys within such time as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence. en* ty'

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker who Paper Matters shall have discontinued the working of any Engine in manner afore- iutendinBt0 re-/aid shall intend to set at work again any such Engine so discontinued,

such Paper Maker shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Inten- tjcBem manner tion to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes irt Ireland, and herein directed to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Officers in Charge of the Paper Mill of such Paper Maker, Six Days at least before the Day on which such Paper Maker shall intend to recommence thejworking or using such Engine, distinguishing the same by the Number and Dimensions as set forth in the Account by this Act directed and required to be made out and delivered by such Paper Maker, and specifying the Day* and Hour on which such Paper Maker intends so to recommence the working or using any such Engine, which Day shall be the Sixth Day of some Month in the Year and such Officer shall attend on such Day and Time, and open the Locks and Fastenings of such Engine accordingly, and ffiallj charge such Paper Maker in respect of each such Engine from the Day mentioned in such Notice for the Recommencement of the working of such Engine in manner aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Engines discon-Paper Maker, who shall have discontinued the working of all or any hnued working Engines or Engine in the Mill of such Paper Maker in manner au- period Officer to thorized by this Act, shall not give Notice for the Recommencement make Return of of the working of any and every Engine, the working of which shall Duty for have been so discontinued, so that any and every Engine shall be Months of at work on and from the Sixth Day of November in every Year, December and until and upon the Fifth Day of January following, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer of Excue in charge of such Paper wor^.

Mill, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of December and the Fifth Day of January next ensuing such Sixth Day of Novem-lert to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be situate, of all such Sums or Sum of Money, and Duty, as such Paper Maker would be chargeable with under this Act for the respective Months ending on the said Fifth Day of December and Fifth Day of January respectively in respect of each and every such Engine, if f any and f Sic.

every such Engine were or had been actually at work, and as if any and every such Engine had been so actually at work; and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days after such Return shall have been made, or in Default M such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to Penalty, getherwith a Sum equal to double the Duty so returned and charged.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Paper Maker menceoeot of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Maker of not 10 make UP Paper to make up any Paper or any Quires of Paper into any Bundle or Bundles, or to inclose or tie up any Bundle of Paper in t^mintowy any Cover or Wrapper; and if any Maker of Paper shall make up Cover or fyPqfcf.dt any Quota of Paper into any Bundle or Bundles, or shall Wrapper.

G*o. III.

Uu

inclose

C.II2.

65

Pentlty.

38 G.3, (I.) c. 29.

Maker's Name, Class and Date of making, &c. put on every Cover or Wrapper before l'sper weighed.

JS* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Pasteboard, &c. how marked.

inclose or tie up any Bundle of Paper in any Cover or Wrapper, every such Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for the Officer to stamp or mark any Cover or Wrapper containing any Bundle of Paper; any thing in an Act made in* the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That on every Cover or Wrapper, in which any Ream of Paper of the First Class, or of Paper of the Second Class, shall be inclosed before any such Paper shall be brought or produced to any Officer of Excise to be weighed, there shall be marked, written or printed by the Maker thereof, or by his or her Servant, in large and legible Characters, and in Words at length, the Name and Surname of such Paper Maker, and the Words " First " Class,* or " Second Class,* distinguishing the Class of Paper inclosed in such Cover or Wrapper, and according to which the Duty in respect; of the same is chargeable; and upon every such Cover or Wrapper shall also be written the Day of the Month and Year, denoting the Month and Year in which such Paper shall have been made, and after such Date there shall be written in Figures the true Number of such Ream of Paper according to the Numbers of such Reams of Paper of each such Class made by the Maker thereof at the Mill in which the same shall be made during such Month, such Number to be in Arithmetical Progression beginning with Number One, according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Class made at such Mill in such Month; and that on each Parcel of Paste-board, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, there shall in like manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to the Officer to be weighed, be marked, written or printed, in large and legible Characters and in Words at length, the Name and Surname of such Maker, and the Description of such Pareel, and whether such Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel with the Date of the Month and Year and after such Date there shall be written in Figures the true Number of such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according to the Numbers of such Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board respectively, made by such Maker at such Mill during such Month as aforesaid, such Number to be in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One, according to the Number of Parcels of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, made at such Mill in such Month; anddfrstoy Maker of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or; 43)*dPaper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, ButtonPaper

C. 112.

55 GEO. III.

65^

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Paper, Pasteboard, Paper, &c.

Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper,

Button Paper or Button Board, made in the Mill or Manufactory pilryVithm of any Paper Maker in Ireland, shall be produced and brought to four Days after the Officer in charge of such Mill or Manufactory to be weighed and being tied up. charged with Duty, and shall be weighed and charged with Duty accordingly, within Four Days after such Taper or Pasteboard shall hare been inclosed in Wrappers or tied up in Parcels as directed by Law; and that if any Paper or Pasteboard shall be found in any Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker which shall have been inclosed in Wrappers or tied up in Parcels for any longer Space of timer than Four Days, and fltoll not have been weighed and charged with Duty, and indorsed by the Officer accordingly, all such Paper and Pasteboard shall be forfeited and may be seized; and the Paper Maker in whose Mill or Manufactory the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in the Paper Mill of Minute Book every Paper Maker there shall be safely kept such Minute Books as k!?l.at M, !1in shall be from time to time delivered to such Paper Maker by the Engines^Tin0-Officer in Charge of such Mill, in which Books such Paper Maker ferted, Quantity shall from time to time make or cause to be made true Entries of the tf Paper made Number of Engines, Vats and Wet Presses in such Mills, and the whel) weighed time when the same shall be at work or discontinued, as also of the and le^tou.tind Class, Denomination, Kind and Quantity of all Paper and Paste- j^r articu* board, from time to time made by such Paper Maker at such Mill, '

and when the same shall be put up in Reams or Parcels to be weighed, and when the same shall be weighed and the Weight, Class, Denomination and Kind thereof, and the Duty chargeable thereon, and of the Days and Times when any Paper shall be sent out of any Mill, and in what Pareels, and to whom and for what Purpose, which Minute Books shall be kept in such manner and according to such Form as shall be from time to time ordered and directed by the Commissionera of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, and shall contain all the Matters and Things aforesaid, and also all such Matters and Things as shall from time to rime be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to be inserted in the lame; and in case any Paper Maker to whom the said Book shall be tendered by any Officer shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the same shall refuse to make or cause to be made such Entries therein, from time to rime as are required by this Act, or shall be directed to be inserted therein by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate or alter such Book or any Entry therein, or shall cause or procure or suffer the Came to be torn, defaced, obliterated or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any false or untrue Entry therein, every such Paper Maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Maker Minute Book shall constantly keep or cause to be kept every such Minute Book in open for inspec-the M of such Paper Maker, for the Inspection and Examination t1!n, of

of every Officer of Excise, until the same shall be delivered to the Maker*

Collector of the District in manner herein after mentioned; and if on Demand of any Officer of Excise at such Mill, such Book shall not be produced to such Officer, or if ftjscji Officer shall not be permitted ioinfpedt and examine the fame^djjr shall be hindered or pre- i

1 U u a vented i

[Penalty.]

Minute Book delivered Quarterly to Collector of District.

[Penalty.]

Paper Maker to make an Entry at Excise Office monthly, of Paper made by him, giving Particulars herein mentioned.

C. m.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

4PO.3. (I.) c* fa

vented by any Person from inspecting and examining the same, such Paper Maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Som of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker who shall be furnished with such Book shall, on every Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, Fifth Day of October and Fifth Day of January, or within Ten Days after each of the said Days respectively, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be situate, all and every Book and Books used in the Mill of such Paper Maker, in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with every Entry therein, legible and undefaced, or in Default thereof shall, for every Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Maker shall

Monthly, that is to say, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of every Month, make a true Entry at the Excise Office of the District in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be Iituate, of all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, made by or for the Account of such Paper Maker, into Quires or Reams, within the Month, ending on such Fifth Day respectively, which Entry shall contain the true Classes of all such Paper according to the Three Classes in this Act mentioned, denominated and described, and the Number of Reams of Paper, and the Real Weights thereof of each Clasa, and also the real Number of Pareels, and the Quantity and Weight of all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard* Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is or shall be by Law imposed, and every such Paper Maker shall, in every such Entry, (late and set forth that no Paper was sent or delivered out of the Mill of such Paper Maker, within such Month, which had not been duly weighed and charged with Duty by the proper Officer in charge of such Mill, and every such Entry shall be verified by the Oath of such Paper Maker, or his or her Chief Clerk or Workman to be made before the Collector or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, or any Surveyor of Excise of such. Districfc, or by any Person authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to administer Oaths in Revenue Matters, and which Oath every such Collector or other Officer aforesand, Surveyor, or other Person is, hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and every such Paper Maker for every Neglect or Default of making. such Entry verified upon Oath as a fore said, ffiallLQrfeifcithe.-Siunof Fifty Pounds, and every such Entry shall be in, baA.and -ffiffiwd of the Entry which any Paper Maker is oc may make every

Six Weeks or every Month, under k$l&Q^said recited Act njade in Ireland w> the Thirty gCi His present

Majest;

made

oft Paper Focticth Year

C.ui.

I

AJfciSij. GEO. III.

66*

Mill} and if any Paper Maker or his or her Servant shall not, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise at such Mill, or at the Dwelling House of such Paper Maker, admit such Officer and Officers into-such Mill, or shall not permit such Officer and Officers to view, measure and take an Account of all and every such Engines, Vats and Wet Presses as aforesaid, or if any Paper Maker shall not, on the Demand of any Officer of Excise, clear or cause to be cleared all Stuff and Materials out of each and every Engine which such Officer may require so to be cleared in order to enable him to measure the same, every such Paper Maker shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal by him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Paper not refer any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Paper or any moved without Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, perm, t' Sheating of Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manufactory of such Paper Maker, to any Paper Stainer, or to any Stationer or Dealer in Paper, without a Permit for the Removal thereof, signed by the Officer in Charge of such Mill or Manufactory; and that every such Permit shall be written or Permit to con-printed in plain legible Characters, and shall contain such Particulars tain certain as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Inland Part'cil, ars Etcife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and also the several following Particulars; that is to say, the Date and Number of such Permit, and the District from whence issued, and the Place to Which such Paper or Pasteboard as before described therein mentioned are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quality and Denomination or Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the same is commonly and tifually called and known, so intended to be conveyed under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Names and Surnames, and Place of Abode, and the Situation of the Mill or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending such Paper or Pasteboard as before described, and the real Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Paper Stainer, Stationer or Dealer in Paper, to whom such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid is intended to be sent, and also the Place to Which such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be intended to be sent; and in every such Permit shall be expressed and set forth the Date of the Month and Year when such Paper or Pasteboard was weighed and charged with Duty by the Officer; and if any Ream Of Paper Or Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard* Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Beard, shall be conveying or carrying, or carried or conveyed from the Mill or Manufactory of any PapeV Maker, to any Paper Stainer,

Stationer or Dealer in Papek, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, unless the Carrier or Person converting the same, or the Person in whose Possession the same shall be, (had, <jn Demand made by any Officer of Excise, produce a Permit unto the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise, authorizing the Removal' of such Paper or Pasteboard respectively; and upon the TriM Afihy Information for the Forfeiture of any such Paper or V&fec&ttly, which ftmflbe found conveying or conveyed, wfthoftt foefc Permfe as aforesaid, the Proof of the Person from and 0nu* Protn& tom andwfctofc such Paper or Pasteboard U d 3 aa

112.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

If Paper not carried within time limited, through Accident, Permit ft ill to remain in force.

as aforesaid shall be conveying or conveyed, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not on the Officer or Person prosecuting such Information; and in case any fictitious Name or Names, or the Name of any Person from or to whom such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid mentioned in any Permit shall not be intended to be sent, shall be inserted in any Permit or Permits, or in case such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be delivered from or to any other Person, or from or at any other Place than from or to the Person or from and at the Place mentioned in the Permit, such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid mentioned in such Permit shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and in every such Permit shall be likewise mentioned some reasonable limited time for such Permit being in force for the Conveyance of the Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid therein mentioned from one Place to another, and after the Expiration of such limited time, such Permit shall not be in force for protecting the Conveyance of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid, and the same shall be forfeited and raav be seized by any Officer of Excise; and every such Permit in which there shall he any Erasure, Interlineation or Alteration, shall be null and void, and the Paper or Pasteboard conveying or conveyed for the Protection of which any erased, interlined or altered Permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise $ and no such Permit shall be granted by any Officer, unless a Request Note or Requisition in Writing, duly stamped according to Law, shall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring such Permit; and every such Request Note or Requisition shall contain the Name and Surname of the Paper Maker, and Situation of the Mill or Manufactory of the Paper Maker fending such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid, and the Name and Surname of the Person to whom intended to be sent, and specifying whether such Person is a Paper Seller, Paper Stainer or Dealer in Paper, and also the Place to which such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid is intended to be sent; and such Requisition or Request Note shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, Quantity and Denomination of such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scale-board or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, according as the same is commonly and usually qfclled and known, and the Date of the Month and Year the same Was respectively weighed and charged with Duty. i;

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases phere the Carriage of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scafeboard IfeGlazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Pabor or fijtton Board, shall by means of any Accid^t he <prevented.-strom song performed within the time limited bythod^QI&dt* that fully proved to the Sadsfadion of the Coiw^fi^K^MBland Ex-

die and Taxes, or any Three of them, missioners of Excise in their respr*J fiMtinue and be in force for the

Sub Corn-Permit shall or Paste* such time

A.D. 1fliJ.

55 GEO. III. C. 11 a.

663

shall be found, of the Loss of such Permit, and by the Paper Maker who shall have sent the same under such Permit, before any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise, that such Permit was taken out and was not used or intended to be used to his Knowledge or Belief fraudulently to cover or protect any other Paper or Paste-board whatever, but was taken out for the particular Paper or Paste-board as aforesaid so seized, in such case the Entry from such Permit in the Books of the proper Officer, or a Copy thereof duly attested, shall be Evidence of such Permit having been taken out, and such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall thereupon be restored to the Owner or Proprietor thereof: Provided always, that if the Carriage of any such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall be prevented from being fully performed within the time limited in such Permit by any unvoiaable Accident, then on Notice being immediately given by the Owner or Carrier of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid to any Officer of Excise, and a Rest or Stay being made of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid at or near the Place where such Accident shall happen, the Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall be given shall without Delay repair to the Place where such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid shall then be, and if such Officer shall find upon View or Enquiry that such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid were flopped or delayed in their Carriage by Accident, then such Officer shall thereupon, by Endorsement on such Permit, enlarge the time for the Carriage of such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid to the Place of their first Destination j and if any Officer of Excise shall wilfully or negligently omit or refiife to do his Duty therein according to the Directions aforesaid, such Officer shall, on Proof being made thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer-granting or renewing any such Permit to examine upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer, any Person or Persons applying for such Permit, whether the Duty was actually paid for the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, for which such Permit shall be so demanded, and as to the Identity of Inch Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid, and to all such Matters as shall appear to such Officer or Officers jiece/Tary to satisfy him or them that the Duties payable on such Paper or Pasteboard as aforesaid had been duly paid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time counterfeit or forge any Permit or Let-pass for the Carriage of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or shall counterfeit any Impression, Stamp or Mark provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes or Customs and Port Duties for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to be put to or upon such Permit or Let-pall, or shall make use of any such counterfeit or forged Permit > or Let-pt/i with such counterfeit Impression, Stamp or Mark, knowing the fetne to be counterfeited, such Person or Persons being thotof leg&f conv&ed shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and flail bft^ni&fportied for the Space of S?vcn Years,

Tv* T?.: u u 4 XXXII, And

Where Carriage of Paper prevented by Accident, Notice given, and t; me enlarged by IiidorlenKiit cU 1'eriniu

Officer neglecting Duty.

[Penalty.]

Officer granting or renewing Permits to ascertain whether Duty on Paper paid.

Forging Permits, fee. '

Transportauoiu

<564

Covers, See. used before, found conveying forfeited, &c.

Duties how levied.

[Proviso.]

Abatement of Duty made in cases of Accident.

[Proviso.]

fl,

- -

C. 112.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any stamped, marked or labelled Cover or Wrapper which had before contained any Paper shall be found conveying or conveyed, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and all and every Carriage in or on which any such stamped, marked or labelled Cover or Wrapper which had before contained any Ream or Bundle of Paper shall be found in the Course of Conveyance, and every Horse or Beast of Burthen attached to any such Carriage, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officer* of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Paper Maker shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties are or shall be by Law made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the Distriffc in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, and all or auy Engines, Vats, Wet Prestes, or other Utensils for making Paper in any Paper Mill or other Place used by any such Paper Maker, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice ^hereof; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Maker, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Paper Maker or his Representativea: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker or his Representatives at any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them upon his or their paying to the Collector or Officer in charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, together with the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the same maybe delivered up accordingly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Paper

Maker in Ireland shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been prevented from working any Engine kept by such Paper Maker during the Whole or any Part of any Month for which such Paper Maker shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irtr land, or any Three of them, on Proof on Oath, made ta their Satisfaction, that the Fatality or Accident was UQwpifoifa* apd not owing to any Default or Negligence, to makelvapy proportionate Abatement of any Charge of Duty which; ffi^J^-hpen returned against such Paper Maker for and ia Jagiue which such Paper Maker shall be so preveBt^r|5ft^|i^ing; Provided always, that any ftmb Abateinept * % d*.

C.na.

55 GEO. III.

66$

cd, si

iedff

m

Qk; ii

32fa

Lite

jfi*

ids fr QSo

De

tiki

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every thing in this Act Act to ex-contained relating to any Paper or Pasteboard or to any Paper Maker, tn<j l Papers shall be deemed and construed to extend and shall extend to all Paper 0 a Sortl* of every Sort and Kind, and to all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard

and Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufacturer of every Sort and Kind of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board, and that every thing id this Act contained relating to any Paper Mill, shall be deemed and construed to extend and shall extend to every Manufactory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be carried on or in which any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, shall be dried or kept as fully as if such Matters and Things had been repeated and expressed throughout the Body of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall Perjury* take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act required to be

taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, any such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to (wear or affirm falsely in any such Oatn or Affirmation, Subornation of any such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning Perjury* shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and DHabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Pro- Powers of cer-visions, Ruin, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clanses, Matters tain Acts exawl Things, contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, intended to Act. the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Collecton of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, 38 G.3. (I.) and to prevent Frauds therein; or in an Act made in the Parliament c-9-of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for 40 G. 3. (I.) continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth c*7 Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be applied in Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposea, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with the Provisions of this Act, and except so nr as the same are expressly altered or repealed by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That all Penalties and Penalties, &c. ia

forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Cur- British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, fired for, recovered ncy*,

and applied in such Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, ap[[ecl^ie on and by loch Ways and Methods, and according to Inch Rules and

Directs as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of aBf Penalties or Forfeitures m and by an Act made in Ireland in 14 & 15 Car. a. the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles (I.) Sess. 4- c. 8. the Second; htmnbd Ah AB for fitiUng the Extife or new Iitipqfl 46 G. 3. c.xo6.

fmOfrAi euuri9u*tgbr*,

: Rates

A.D. 18n

Appeal#

Commencement of Ad.

t

t

49 G. 3. c. 63.

13-

31 O.3. c. 69.

1*

51 G. 3- c' 77*

 1

C. 112, 113. 55 GEO. III.

-Rater therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty fixt Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide so the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Mallet and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs an Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes i Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, re lating to the Revenue of Custoras and Excise, or either of them, a fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same wer herein repeated and re-enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal, t< and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said reciter Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty Kint Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from the Twenty fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and not before.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for altering certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Glass5 for exempting Irish Glass Bottles from the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for exempting the Leather and Glass of Carriages belonging to certain Persons imported from Ireland for Private Use from Duty.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, a Drawback of One Pound Sixteen

Shillings and Nine pence is allowed for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether fla/hed or < otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either bythe Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, and exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and

by another Act made in the Fifty first Year of the said Reign, among other things, for repealing the Duty on the Materials med i in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the Day

therein mentioned, other Duties in lieu thereof, a Drawback of f Two Pounds Nine Shillings is allowed for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively made in Great Britain,

' and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland [ as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, among other things, for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, PSal and Crown Glass, an additional Drawback of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence is allowed for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported directly into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize,

' and

66j

A.D. 1ii;

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 113.

Fstytc

jmkk

hjsnsi

filial

fibers

fere

jxst

and so m Proportion for any greater or less Quantity 5 and an act- 1. ditional Drawback of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny is allowed for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass lo made, paid Duty for, and exported, not being Spread Glass, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity$ and by another Act made in the Year laic aforesaid, among other 5*0' 3* c-94 things, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, a Drawback of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Three pence is allowed for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass respectively made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain$ and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, and in the same Proportion as to any greater or less Quantity; and a Drawback of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny is allowed for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, and in the same Proportion as to any greater or less Quantity: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Drawbacks, and to allow such other Drawbacks as are herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said fereral Drawbacks shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, in part repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Following Draw-Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall, hacks allowed, in Consideration of the Waste anting from the cutting of Tables of Crown Glass into Panes, be allowed the following Drawbacks; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, not being Spread Drawbacks. Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported in whole Tables, or Half Tables, or Quarter Tables, a Drawback of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight, dr such Whole Tables, or Half Tables, or Quarter Tables, calculating the said Drawback upon the Weight of the Whole Table exported, although the same may be cut into Half or Quarter Tables for the Convenience of Exportation

For eVfery Hundred Weight of Panes of Window Glass, not being Spread GWfs, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called'pr known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet G&s* made & Great Britain, and for which all the Duties

668 C.T13. 5jtGED; 0I. A.D. 1815.

imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, 01 the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, such Panel being in regular rectangular Figures, not being of less Dimensions than Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth, nor containing any Part of the Bullion or thick centre Part of the Table from which any such Panes shall have been cut, a Drawback of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Panes.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, respectively, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported to Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, a Drawback of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Flint Glass or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, and for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils, or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils respectively, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, a Drawback of Six Pounds Three Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Flint Glass or of Phial Glass Wares, Vessels or Utensils.

Drawbacks paid

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Drawbacks by this subject to Rcgu- Act allowed shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise lations herein by Law imposed for or in respect of Crown Glass, Flint and Phial mentioned. Glass respectively, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, contained and provided in a6 G. 3. c. 77. an(l by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His $3. present Majesty, among other things, for the Amendment of the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback, save and except that in lieu and instead of the Oath required by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid to be made by the Exporter, that he believes the Duties upon the Materials to have been fully paid, the Exporter shall make Oath that he believes the said Glass to be entirely of British Manufacture, and that the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass respectively intended to be exported, to have been fully paid (and which said last mentioned Oath the proper Surveyor or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise, is hereby Perjury. authorized and empowered to administer); and any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any case in which the said last mentioned Oath is required to be taken by: virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which ! Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury. mm- n-  *

IV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty second

1 Year of the said Reign, among other things, for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass, a Counter- vailing Duty of Seven Shilling* and Ten pence Halfpenny is

imposed

GoO^lc

AM

A.J?, 1815.

jlj' GEO. III.

C.ii3< 66$

aide

Idd'

Ixife

Dcciit

; <m; j

TOG'

arPtt.

a or is

fife

fitttV,

H*

ka-

H

fc

b

1*5

0

i:

Tu

n-

4

SI

impoffd for every Hundred Weight of Window Glass (not being

Spread Gfafs) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and

commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the said last mentioned Act a Counter- vailing Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence is also imposed

for every Hundred Weight of Flint or Phial Glass made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain: And Whereas

4 by the said Act made in the Fifty second Year of the said Reign, 5* G. 3. c. 94.

among other things, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Sch*c*

of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, an additional Countervailing f Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny

is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and

commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the said last mentioned Act an additional Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Three pence is also imposed for every Hundred Weight of Flint

Glass or Phial Glass, made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Countervailing Duties of Seven Shillings and Ten pence

Halfpenny, and also Sixteen Shillings and Three pence, and also Seven. Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny, Part of the said Coun-

tervailing Duty of Two Pounds Four Shillings and Seven pence

Halfpenny, and also Sixteen Shillings and Three pence, Part of the said Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds Five Shillings and

Three pence Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Countervailing said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Juries repealed.' said recited Countervailing Duties, and Parts of Countervailing Duties,

shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may on that Day remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto.

V. And Whereas by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of 19 C. a. c. xa.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, among $3*

other things, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, it was enacted, that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should make or cause to be made any Glass in London, or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, should Monthly and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons who should make or cause to be made any Glass in any other Part of Great Britain should once in every Six Weeks,

make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise for the said Duties, of the true Quantities of the Metals and Materials mixed and used in each respective Making of Glass within such Mquth or Six Weeks respectively, and that the Entries should be msdftupon Oath by the Makers of such Glass, or by their Clerk,

1 Workman or Servant, employed in making the same, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Clerk,

4 Workman or Servant should be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Clerk, Workman or Servant to the fane Eiod, in case he, she or they ftpuld be a known Quaker*

4 bo. taken inst^adof such Oath j and thft

;Entries,

C.II3-

JS'

Geo. nr.

A.D. 18tj

3JG.3. c. 114. 16.

Glass Makers in London Monthly, and elsewhere in O. B. every Six Weeks, to make Entry of Weight of Glass on Oath.

Entries, Oaths and Affirmations to verify the same, should b

made with and administered by such Persons respectively, as

in that behalf directed in and by the said Act: And Whereas th

Duties for or in respect of the Materials or Metal, or other Prd

parations made use of in the making of Flint Glass, or Enamel:

Stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, Spread Window Glafl

commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, and

Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or other-

wife manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the

Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, are by the several Acts of Parliament in those cases respectively made and provided;

repealed, and other Duties are by the several Acts of Parliament in ' that behalf imposed on Flint Glass, Phial Glass, Spread Window

Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass

and Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, in lieu of the said Duties on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made

use of in the making of the said last mentioned several Sorts of

Glass; and by an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, the Weight of the Common Bottles or other ' Vessels or Utensils made of Common Bottle Metal by Makers

delivering such Declaration as is in the said Act in that behalf mentioned, and making the same under the Regulations by the saidAd in that behalf prescribed, is to be deemed and taken to be the

Weight of the Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations fromwhich such Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils respectively shall have been made; and it is therefore expedient, that in lieu of the said recited Oath or Affirmation, so far as the same respectively extend to the Materials above mentioned, such other Oath and Affirm-

ation as herein after mentioned should be made Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Dav of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever who shall make or cause to be made in London, or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, or any such Window Glass, or who, under the said Declaration and Regulations in that behalf prescribed by the said Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, shall in London, or within the said Limits, make or cause to be made any Common Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, shall Monthly and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons who shall make or cause to be made any such Glass in any other Part of Great Britain shall once in every Six Weeks, in lieu and instead of the said recited Oath or Affirmation respectively, make a true Entry at the next

Office of Excise for the said Duties of of all such.

Flint Glass, Enamel, Stained or Glass, and.

also the Weight of all such Spread T or known by the Name of Broad C dow. Gla/s not being jSpread

AM

; to8k irij;

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 113. 671-

Six Weeks respectively, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect of Entry the Sum of One Hundred Pounds; which Entries shall be Penalty, made upon Oath by the Makers of such Glass, or by their Clerk, Oath.

Workman or Servant employed in making the same according to the belt of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker,

Clerk, Workman or Servant be a known Quaker; and the solemn

Affirmation of such Maker, Clerk, Workman or Servant, to the same Effect, in case he, she or they be a known Quaker, shall and

may be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths and Oaths, &c.

Affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such Entries, Oaths and where m*c*

Affirmations as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with and administered by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in

England, or the major Part of them for the time being, who shall

attend at the General Excise Office in London for that Purpose

and for all such Entries, Oaths and Affirmations, as shall be made

in all other Parts of Great Britain, with or by their respective

Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which

Inch Glass Houses shall be lltuated, without any Fee or Charge

whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who P tory.

shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath or Affirmation in any case in which an Oath or Affirmation is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

1 VII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Yeare G. 3. c. 77.

of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among

other things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, it

4 is enacted, that the Exporter of such Glass, as in the said Act is 3-

in that behalf mentioned, shall, before the shipping the same, give such Security as in the said Act is in that behalf directed, that the particular Quantity of Glass intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be (kipped and exported, and shall not be un- Hupped, unloaded or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship 1 or Vessel in Great Britain, Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted: And Whereas no time is by Law limited within

which Glals entered for Exportation on Drawback shall be shipped,

and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after

mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Security under Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, every such^conditioned Security shall be conditioned that the Glass, for the shipping and "J Exportation whereof such Security shall be given, shall be shipped Month. W within One Month next after the Date of such Security t Provided always nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any1 Three or more of them, being satisfied that the (nipping of such Glass, within the time specified in the Condition of any such Security, has been prevented by unavoidable Accident, to grant and give such further time not exceeding Three Months for the shipping thereof: Provided also, that no such granting or giving of further Commissionew time shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to annul, vary1 of Excise may or alter the Condition of any such Security or the legal Interpretation .!Ve tr Effitd thereof,; hut the fatale shall remain in full Force and Effect me*

and

C.U3"

jj' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

No Addition made to Glass after it is packed up and sealed.

No Drawback allowed for Old Qlass, 4cc.

Placing Iiifli-made Flint, &c. Glass in Package containing British Glass for Exportation.

[Penalty.]

54 O.3. c. 97.

S3.

and be valid and effectual to alllrttents and Purposes, as if no Power or Authority had been given to the said Commissioners of Excise to grant or give such further time for the shipping of any such Glass, lave and except in any case where the Commissioners of Excise shall in their Judgment and Discretion forbear to put any such Security in Suit for any Breach of the Condition thereof; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Person or Persons who shall tiave given such Security as aforesaid, and any Glass shall have been packed up in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, as or for the Glass mentioned in such Security, and shall have been secured with such Fastenings, and sealed with such Seal or Mark or Seals or Marks as by Law required, no Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to make any Addition of Glass thereto, for the Purpose of making up any Deficiency which may be discovered in the Quantity or Weight of such Glass below the Quantity specified in any such Security, or for any other Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for or in respect of any Glass which has been used and commonly called or known by the Name of Old Glass or Second-hand Glass, or for or in respect of any Lumps of Glass, or Cane Glass, or Glass of any Kind, other than Vessels, U ten fils, Window Glass, Plate Glass, Lenses, Lamps, or other Articles of Household Furniture; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And, for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lay, place or deposit, or cause to be laid, placed or deposited any Irish-made Flint, Phial or Crown Glass in any Calk, Box, Chest or other Package containing British-made Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass respectively, packed or packing for Exportation on Drawback, or shall lay, place or deposit, or cause to be laid, placed or deposited any Flint Glafo, Phial Glass or Crown Glass made before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any Calk, Box, Chest or other Package containing Flint Glass, Phial Glass or Crown Glass respectively packed or packing for Exportation, in order to obtain the additional Drawback granted by this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Calk, Box, Chest or other Package, and all the Glass contained therein, shall be forfeited.

XI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Bang George the Third, among 4- other things, for granting an Excise Duty on Common Glals Bottles imported, an Inland Duty of, Right Shillings and Two pence is imposed for every Hundred) Wdght of Common Glass Bottles (the same not being Phials) i^j^ted mto Great Britain i 4 And Wfteueat itd* expedient

WthC

cm

ized by VjC

AM

ifooAc

ite)

ickfci:

SeoP: i

ffl er jfws itkp sdi

*U

srAi

C3JT

iG*

fir

jpis 3! & k!i b i

T

1 -: j

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 113, 114. 673

in Ireland, and imported from thence directly into Great Britain,imported ex-shall be and the same are hereby exempted from the said Duty, and empted km _ from the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions by the said uty un er Act established or prescribed.

XII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and 39*

4 Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George rt*

the Third, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ire- c 4 land, and other Acts now in force, certain Countervailing Duties

are imposed for Leather manufactured and actually made into Goods

or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain,

and on Irish Glass imported into Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Countervailing Duties the Leather actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other wheel Carriage of and belonging to any Officer of State in Ireland, or any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, for the foie and entire Use of such Officer of State,

or Member of either House of Parliament respectively, and not as

Merchandize or for Sale, and also to exempt Irift) Glass actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing 4 a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or

other Wheel Carriage; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and No Counter-after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and va, lir'|Dut/ fifteen, no Countervailing Duty shall be paid or payable for or in ther or Glass respect of the Leather actually worked up and employed in the employed in cer-Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, taiu Carriages, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage as aforesaid, nor for or in respect of the Glass actually worked up, and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach,

Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Ex- Repealed Duties cife in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of ilot collected them respectively, shall and they respectively are hereby authorized Of^r{[edf0Ut and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall nul  have been charged as such Duty or Duties for or in respect whereof the Duties by this Act repealed, and which shall not before the passing of this Act have been actually collected, received or paid, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to augment the Salary of the Mailer of the Rolls in Inland, and to enable His Majesty to grant an additional Animity to such Mailer of the Rolls on the Resignation of his Office} and to regulate the Disposal of the Offices of the Six Clerks iii the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

r.[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a farther Augmentation 4 W*; ffidoldbe made in the Salary of the Mailer of the Rolls in Ireland, and that further Provision Should be made for Persons 55 Geo. III. X x*holding

I

C. 114.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

holding the Office of Master of the Rolls in Irelandin the Even*of their quitting the said Office We, Your Majesty's most dutifi and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Orec Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly befeec Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by Th King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confen of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen Addition 10 Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, fron "2 faller and after the passing of this Act, there shall be issued and paid anc payable to the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, out of and chargee

and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, such further and additional annual Sum aa shall make up the whole Salary, Fees and Pecuniary Profits belonging to the said Office of Master of the Rolls, the annual Sum of Four thousand three hundred Pounds free and clear of all Taxes and Subject to Re- Deductions whatsoever; to be issued and paid Quarterly, in the like iiG*(U K) m*nner and fuBjed to the like Accounts, and to all such Provisions, 'Rules and Regulations, as are directed by an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the belter Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls in that Fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office; the First Payment of such further and additional Sum to be made on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Allowance to

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Master of the His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under Rolls, n Refig. t^e Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person who, AnnAn addition Baying executed the said Office of Master of the Rolls in Ireland, to Sum given by shall at any time after the passing of this Act resign the said Office, 40 G. 3. (I.)'a further Annuity or yearly Sum of Six hundred Pounds Irish

c. 69# Currency; which said Annuity or yearly Sum shall be in addition

to and in Augmentation of the Annuity or yearly Sum allowed to be given and granted to the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, under the rtovisions of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Yiar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Mcfter of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas dnd Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Coufl of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and AJfistant Barristers of the several other Counties, on the Resignation of their respective Offices; and to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His frefent Majesty, intituled An Act for increasing. the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom; and in like manner to commence from and after the Period when the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Suni of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall rc-iign his laid Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during th^ natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as 15*afore-

Commen cement.

A: D. t&Vj.

j^GE'anr.

C.iiV

575

tkeEe

10ft dad B0f (rfS jlrbette

rfljlk

dC*

ids'

m

m

ak

ti

iSffi

bfc

jsi

fife

afoftfaM; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of and shall be charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and the said last recited Act of Consolidated the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all Clauses, F"nd-Provisions and Regulations therein contained, so far as the same are ^6 in/r e applicable, and are not hereby altered, shall be in force, and be ap- c' m urce* plied to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act in respect of the said additional Annuity.

III. And Whereas the Six Clerks in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland have been accustomed at all times to fell their Offices: And Whereas it hath been customary that One Fifth Part 1 of the Consideration of such Sale should be paid to the Use of the Master of the Rolls, or the Keepers or Guardians of the Rolls:

4 And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His pre- 49 G. 3. c.n6. 4 sent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Prevention 

of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices, it was, among other things,

enacted, that it should be lawful for the Persons then holding the

Offices of Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, so to proceed touching the Disposal and Appointment of their said Offices, in such and the like manner to all Intents and Purposes as had been accustomed; but that from and after the Death, Resignafion or Removal of each of them, and the actual Appointment 1 of any Perfdft in the {lead of the Persons so dy ing, resigning pr being removed, the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth YeaH of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, against buying and selling of Offices, and of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, should be applicable and

applied to the Offices of Six Clerks in the said Court of Chan-

eery: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of 53 G. 3. c. 129. 4 His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery ij>

Ireland, it was enacted, that nothing in the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign contained, for preventing the Purchase; Sale, Exchange or Brokerage of Offices should extend to any Purchases, Sales or Exchanges of any Office or Offices of a

4 Six derk or Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland: And Wherefas it is expedient to make new Provision for the Appropriation1 of such One Fifth Part of such Purchase Money: And Whereas'if fifeh Master of the Rolls were to refuse appointing the Person who {half agree for the Purchase of such Office, without.

4 afGgning any Cause for such Refusal, the Six Clerks might be prevented from obtaining the Benefit of the said recited Act For Remedy whereof, be.it enacted, That, from and after the parting of six Clerks rosy this Act, it shall sjmdftiay be lawful for the Six Clerks of the Court of fell, &c. Offices, Chancery in Ireland, from time to time respectively, tofell, transfer Purchaser being and dispose of their Offices in the said Court to such Person and approved oif by Pflrfons as shall Be qualified to execute the Duties of such Office, R0ns*and paying every such Person being approved of by the Master of the Rolls for o, e Fifth Part the time being; and every such Person shall pay into the Bank of into Bank, to Ireland, to the Credit and Account of the Teller of His Majesty's Account of Exchequer in Ireland, One clear Fifth Part, without Deduction or cJh^gr*Defalcation, of the entire Consideration or Purchase agreed to be paid* or received upon every such Sale, Trantfer or Disposal, or in case /*' X x 2 the

SA O.3. c. 83.

In case of Refu-rl of Master of Rolls to approve Person appointed, Clerk may petition, with Appeal to Lord Chancellor who may finally approve.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for Vacancies by Death supplied by Mailer of Rolls without pecuniary Con-G deration.

Transfers of Six Clerks* Offices by Deed indented and inrolled In Chancery.

the Consideration of any such Transfer or Disposal shall not be a pecuniary Consideration, every such Person shall pay as aforesaid the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds; and the Teller of the said Exchequer, upon Production of a Certificate, or accountable Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank, shall give a Receipt for any such Sum, according to the Directions contained in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and issues of His Majesty's Treasury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants tn Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master of the Rolls shall refuse Or unnecessarily delay to approve of any Person to whom any Six Clerk hath agreed or shall agree to sell and dispose of his Office of a Six Clerk, for want of Qualification or any other Cause, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for such Six Clerk to present a Petition in a summary way to the Master of the Rolls, verified by Affidavit for the Purpose of obtaining such Approbation; which Petition such Master of the Rolls is required to hear moved in open Court with all reasonable Dispatch, and thereupon to make such Order, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act as shall appear fit; from which Order such Petitioner may and shall be at Liberty to appeal to the Lord Chancellor or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland; and in case an Order shall be made on such Appeal, approving of such Person, the Master of the Rolls shall without further Delay, and he is hereby required to nominate and appoint the Person so approved of, to be a Six Clerk in the room of the Person so felling or resigning: Provided always, that a sufficient Acquittance shall be produced to the Master of the Rolls for the time being, for the Payment of the Money hereby required to be paid into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, before any Person shall be permitted to enter upon or exercise any such Office of a Six Clerk upon any such Sale, Transfer or Disposal as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to Vacancies by Death in any Office of a Six Clerk in the said Court of Chancery, or to prejudice the Right of the Master of the Rolls, in the Event of a Vacancy by Death as aforesaid, to appoint and fill up such Vacancy without any Money or pecuniary Consideration for so doing.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That before any Six Clerk shall be actually appointed in consequence of any Sale or Transfer under the Provisions of this Act, a Deed indented shall be duly executed between the Parties to the Contract for such Sale or Transfer, containing fully and truly all and every the Terms of such Contract; and that the Truth thereof shall be verified by the Affidavit of the respective Parties thereto, to be fwtan before one of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery, and tP h fiM in the said Court; and that such Deed shall be inrolle4jg|4^ Court, upon producing the attested Copies of such AJ$Craph

CAP. CXV.

An Act to carry into effect a Convention made between Hrs Majesty and the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of all the Ruffins.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS by a Convention signed at London on the Nine-V V teenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, between His Majesty on the One Part, and the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of all the Ruffias respectively on the other, the following Articles, among others, were agreed upon 5 that is to say, His Majesty the King of the Netherlands thereby-engaged to take upon himself a Part of the Capital, and Arrears of Interest, to the First of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, of the Ruffian Loan made in Holland through the Intervention of the House of Hope and Company, in Amsterdam> to the Amount of Twenty five Millions of Florins Dutch Currency; the Annual Interest of which Sum, together with an Annual Payment for the Liquidation of the same as thereinafter specified, should be borne by and become a Charge upon the Kingdom of the Netherlands; and His Majesty engaged on His Part to recommend to His Parliament to enable Him to take upon Himself an equal Capital of the said Ruffian Loan, videlicet. Twenty five Millions of Florins Dutch Currency; the Annual Interest of which Sum, together with an Annual Payment for the Liquidation of the same as thereinafter specified, should be borne by and become a Charge upon the Government of His Majesty; and the future Charge to which His said Belgick Majesty and His Majesty should be respectively liable in equal Shares on Account of the said Debt, was to consist of an Annual Interest of Five^rr Centum on the said Capitals, each of Twenty five Millions, together with a Sinking Fund of One per Centum for the Extinction of the same, the said Sinking Fund being subject however to be increased, on the Demand or the Ruffian Government, to any Annual Sum not exceeding Three per Centum, the same to be payable till the Capital of the said Debt should be fully discharged, when the aforesaid Charge for Interest and Sinking Fund should wholly cease to be borne by His said Belgick Majesty and His Majesty respectively; and His said Belgick Majesty and His Majesty respectively bound themselves, on or before the usual Day or Days in each Year on which the Interest on the said Debt should be due and payable, to deposit with the Agent of the Ruffian Government in Holland, their respective Proportions of the said Interest and Sinking Fund, as above specified: Provided always, that previously to the Advance of each successive Instalment so to be paid, the said Agent shall be authorized to furnish a Certificate to each of the said Two High contrafting Parties, declaring that the preceding Instalment had been duly applied in Discharge of the Interest, and izi Reduction of the Principal of the said Debt, together with the corresponding Payments on account of the Ruffian Government, on that Part of the Debt which should remain a Charge on the said Government; and it was further agreed, That the Ruffian Government should continue as heretofore to be Security to the Pieditart for the whole of the said Loan, and should be charged; X x 3 4 with

Convention. London, 19 th May 181$.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 18 if.

Money issued out of Consolidated luud.to pay Interetl and jinking Fund, conformably to Convention.

Accounts laid before Parliament.

with the Administration of the same; the Governments of the Kinj; 4 of the Netherlands, and of His Britannic Majesty, remaining liable and bound to the Government of His Imperial Majesty, and for the Punctual Discharge as above of their respective Proportions of the said Charge: and it was thereby understood and agreed between the High Contracting Parties, That the said Payments on the Part of the King of the Netherlands, and of His Majesty as aforesaid, should cease and determine, should the Possession and Sovereignty 4 (which God forbid) of the Belgick Provinces at any time pals or be fevered from the Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, previous to the complete Liquidation of the same; and it was also understood and agreed between the High Contract ing Parties, That the Payments on the Part of the King of the Netherlands, and of His Majesty as aforesaid, should not be inter. 4 rupted in the Event (which God forbid) of a War breaking out between any of the Three High Contracting Parties; the Government of His Majesty the Emperor of all the Rujftas being actually bound to its Creditors by a similar Agreement; And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom have resolved that Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to defray the Expenses which may be incurred in the Execution of the said Convention; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, for the time being respectively, shall be and he and they is and are hereby empowered from time to time, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to cause to be issued such Sums of Money as shall be required for the Payment of the Interest on such Part of the Capital of the said Ruffian Loan as is agreed to be borne by His Majesty as aforesaid, and also for the Payment of a Sinking Fund of One Pound per Centum, or not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum, a* the case may be, on the said Part of the said Capitd, for the Extinction of the same, as and when the same may from time to time respectively become payable, and so long as the same should be payable conformably to the Tenor of His Majesty's Engagements, a* specified in the said Conventions respectively, and also such Sums as may be required to pay and satisfy all the Expences attending the Execution of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within Twenty Days after the Commencement of every Session, an Account up to the Thirty first Day of December then next preceding, of the total Suras which shall from time to time have been issued and applied by virtue of this Act for paying and satisfying the Interest on the said Part of the said Loan so agreed to be borne by His said Majesty, on all or any of the said Securities, and towards paying and satisfying the Principal thereof (in case the Principal of any of the said Securities shall then have been paid) and also for paying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and the Sinking Fund for the Extinction of the f^me; and such Account shall also

<579

A.D. 181j. J5" GEO. III. C. 115, ii<5.

spedfy how mnch of the said Part of the said Loan has been discharged, and how much remains to be discharged.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury may laid Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or appoint Officers, any Three or more of them for the time being, to appoint such Officers and Clerks as they may deem necessary for carrying this Act intio Execution; and to grant such Salaries and Compensations to the said Officers and Clerks, for their Trouble and Labour therein, as they may think fit and reasonable in that behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act altered, Scc, varied or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to make further Regulations for the Registry of Ships built in India.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the a Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation

And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of7 0.3. c. 19. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enforce and render more tjfcftual several Acts passed in the Twelfth Tear of she Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And Whereas another Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the 34 G. 3. c. 62. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of British Manners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas it is necessary to make further Provision for the Execution of the Provision s of the said Acta, in the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, and other Territories belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for Collector of any Collector of Duties payable at any Port to the East India Com- Duties at any s pany, or other Person of the Rank in the said Company's Service of >* S-Semor Merchant, or of Six Years* ftahding in the Service, being d, "to r^i?, 'rr respectively appointed to act in the Execution of this Act by any of " ports where the Governments of the said East India Company in India, in any no Collector or Pprts in which there shall be no Collector and Comptroller of His Comptroller of Revenue of Customs, to register, and grant Certificates of Customs.

& Registry of all Ships and Vessels built in any Territories, Counties, Islands Or Places, under the Government of the East India Company, or belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Obiter of the said Company, and belonging to such Ports respect-iv<ly, which are by the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, required add entitled to be registered; and all such Officers and Persong rtfspectively are hereby authorized and required to do every Act, Matter and Tiling, in relation to such Registers and Certificates*

^Tr9rffifey8 of Property of such Ships and Vessels, iand act J&niish registered Ships, in the said Acts required to be done Xx4 by

C. 11

JJ* GEO. III.

A.D. 18ij.

Ships not forfeited for want of Registry, un-leis returned to Port before limited time, and departed therefrom.

What Ships do not require Registry.

by any Officers respectively of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and the said Governments of the East India Company, and all Governors and Lieutenant Governors of any Territories, Islands and Places, belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, are hereby authorized and empowered to do all Acts, Matters and Things, and make all such Orders in relation to the Registry of any such Ships or Vessels, and as to the Periods within which Ships built before the passing of this Act may be registered, and the Ports at which any such Ships or Vessels may be registered, and aB to all Matters and Things relating thereto, and to any Transfers of Property in any such Ships or -Vessels, as any Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs are by the said Acts or any of them authorized or empowered to do in relation to Ships and Vessels built before or after the passing of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid; and all Powers and Authorities given in the said Acts to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Culloms, or any Officers of the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain respectively, in relation to the Registering of Ships and Vessels, as to any Act, Matter or Thing, relating thereto, or as to any Penalties qr Forfeitures, or the Application thereof, and as to the ieizing of any Ships or Vessels as forfeited under the said Acts for want of Certificates of Registry, shall be used, exercised, applied, enforcedandput in Execution, in relation to all Ships and Vessels built in any Territories, Countries, Islands or Places, under the Government of the said East India Company, or belonging to His Majesty within the -Limits of the Charter of the said Company, either before or after the passing of this Act, and required and entitled to be registered under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and all such Ships and Vessels shall, when so registered, be deemed and taken to be British-bui\t Ships, registered under the said recited Acts, and entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of Ships built in the United Kingdom, and registered as such; except as in this Act herein after excepted.

II. And Whereas it is necessary to give sufficient time for the Registry of Ships and Vessels \* Be it therefore enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel, carrying on Trade between India and the United Kingdom, or within the Limits of the Charter of the said East India Company as aforesaid> shall become forfeited, or subject to Seizure as forfeited, for want of a Certificate of Registry, until after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and before the said First Day of July, have returned to the Port or Place to which she shall belong, and afterwards departed from such Port without bang duly registered under the Provisions of the said recited Acts'v -

III. Provided always, and be it further ena^ro, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts or in contained, mail

subject any Ship or Vessel, built or toi^5|tfwtMn the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, 1 of Three hundred and fifty To the Limits ofi*

A.D. 1815.

C.ii6.

55 GEO. III.

68x

the Cape of Good Hope; or any Ship or Vessel which now is or at anytime before the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen shall be building within the Limits aforesaid, on account of any of His Majesty's Subjects within the said Limits, and shall be employed in Trade solely within the said Limits, including the said Cape of Good Hope, to any Penalty, Forfeiture,

Disability or Impediment by reason of such Ship or Vessel not being registered, and not being 2?r/7//2>-built, or to affect the Property or any Transfer of Property in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid which shall not be registered.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ships India-built Ship* or Vessels, built in any Countries, Territories, Ports or Places under although duly the Government of the East India Company, or belonging to His re?*rtereci, not Majesty within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, and vUw/of Britiiih-registered under the Authority of this Act as British-built, and built Shi)*, but*owned by Subjects of His Majesty, and navigated according to Law, those specified in shall be entitled to the Privileges of British-built Ships, owned, re- former Acts, giftered and navigated according to Law, in any Voyages or Trade

beyond the Limits of the said Company's Charter, other than and except such as are specified in an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of 53 0-3* c.i55. His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter; and in another Act passed in the last Session of Par- 54 G* 3* c*34 liament, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company; any thing in this Act, or in any or either of the said recited Acts, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con- NottoafieftVef-strued in any manner to affect the Privileges of any Ship or Vessel reSllIered. already registered as British-buHt, or to affect the Right of any Ship

or Vessel now built or building to Registry as British-built.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Asiatic Lascars and Na-Sailors, Lascars or Natives of any of the Territories, Countries, tives of India not Islands or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Mari?er8 Company, although born in Territories, Countries, Islands or Places rfiJ

under the Government of His Majesty, or of the East India Company, shall at any time be deemed or taken to be British Sailors, Seamen or Mariners, within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year aforesaid, or of any other Act or w Aftaof Parliament relating to the Navigation of British Ships by Siijefts of His Majesty, for the Purpose of entitling any Ship or Vessel to be deemed to be a British Ship navigated according to Law, and to have the Privileges and Advantages of British Snips, having the Matter and Three fourths of the Mariners British Subjects j any thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year aforesaid* or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Provifr.

Ship or Vessel belonging'.to any Port within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company} or usually navigated by such Asiatic Sailors,

1 ,: \.Lafcara

C.irtf.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Prorlfo.

Proportion of British Seamen to Tonnage of Snip, partly by Lai cars, sufficient, although not amounting to Three fourths of Crew.

In cases where, in India, a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be obtained, Governors may license Ship to fail for Europe.

Lascars or Natives aforesaid, 'as Mariners, shall, while carrying on Trade to and from India to the United Kingdom, forfeit any Privileges or Advantages of a British-\>\idt Ship, to which she may be by Law entitled, by reason of having any Proportion of such Mariners, without the due Proportion of British Mariners, until the Expiration of Twelve Months of continued Peace after the Conclusion of the present War: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation, upon or after the Commencement of any Hostilities, to permit all Merchant Ships, or any other Trading Vessels, and all Privateers, to be manned wholly, or in any such Proportions as shall be specified in any such Proclamation, with such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives aforesaid, for and during such Periods as shall be specified in any such Proclamation as aforesaid.

VII. And Whereas Lascars, and other Natives of the East, are not deemed to be equal in Strength and Use to European or other Seamen; and the requiring the Proportion of Three fourths of British Seamen, in Ships having, as Part of the Crew, Lascars and

Natives of the East, would compel such Ships to carry a larger

Number of British Seamen than other Ships, or to employ a fmatler

Number of Lascars and Natives of the East, than would be suffi-

cient to make a proper Crew Be it therefore enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel, so duly registered, and carrying on Trade to and from India and the United Kingdom as aforesaid, and Manned in Part with Lascars or Natives of India, and which shall be commanded by a British Master, and navigated by Seven British Seamen as Part of the Crew, for every One hundred Tons of her registered Burthen, and so in Proportion for any Part of a One hundred Tons, shall be deemed, construed and taken to be navigated according to Law, as to the Crew of any such Ship or Vessel, although the Number of such British Seamen shall not be equal to the Proportion of Three fourths of the whole Crew of such Ship or Vessel; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4.

VIII. And Whereas it may not always be possible to procure the due Proportion of British Seamen, at Ports in India, for Vessels

failing from India; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Governments of the East India Company in India, or for any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Colony, Territory or Istand, belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the said Charter, and they and he are hereby required, on Application made by the Owner or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, and after having ascertained, by due Enquiry, that a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be procured for the Crew of any Ship or Vessel failing from India, within Ten Days from such Apphc^rion to certify the same, and licence such Ship or Vessel to faiLyjith-.a less Proportion of British Seamen than required by LaW ^, every such mip, having on board such Licence, shall \x cording to Law, notwithstanding such j until her Arrivals the font cr

tpTbe navigated jc-

Aftnattor*- -

lilt A.D. 1Jiy.

55 GEO. III.

C.n6, 117.

683

extend or be construed to extend to require any Number of British Seamen on Seamen to be on board, as Part of the Crew or Mariners of any board Vessels Ship or Vessel employed in Trade only between Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company including the n{jetp0*

Cape of Good Hope; or to prevent any such Ship or Vessel, while Jo employed, being manned and navigated wholly or in any Proportion as to Asiatic Sailors, or Lascars, or Natives of any Territories, Countries, Islands.or Places, within the Limits of the said Company.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, A & altered, &c, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session Parliament.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Great Britain wd Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the 43 G.3. 0. 153*

vY Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit

during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity

with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize: and ' to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Expor

expedient

much of the said Act as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize in this Act

enumerated, should be continued Be it therefore enacted, by The fang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for Wool and cer-any Person to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain tain Goods im-all Sort* of Wool, and also Cotton Wool; and to import into that P0*

Pt of the United Kingdon called Ireland, all Sorts of Barrilla, tra e Jejuiu Barlf, Linen Yarn, Hemp, Indigo, Cochineal, Wool and Cotton Wool, from any Country or Place whatsoever, Ifi any Ship or Ve4 belpngW to any kingdom or State ip Amity with HlS sleirs and Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen 5 Eqftojn oy Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

\ be it further enacted, That* irqm and after the paging Italian Organ-h rt ftjfdl b$ lawful to and for any Person or Persons to lined Thrown United Kingdom from any Port or Place in*

I wmfy m m or V(#lwh#tfeeys,

tinea

C. 117-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18r$.

iW.tM, SelT.i. c.$>.

Not to extend to certain Silks.

[Penalty.]

Silk allowed to be imported brought to Cof-tom House in London.

[Penalty.]

Flax or Flax Seed imported in Foreign Vessels.

zined Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production [of Italy; any thing contained in an Act made in England, in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, or in any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof nothwith-standing: Provided always, that this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to give Liberty to import any Italian Thrown Silk that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof known and distinguished by the Uame of Third Boionia, nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram of the Growth of Italy, nor any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Persia, East India, or China, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be brought over, and imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

III. And, for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silks not Organzined, be it further enacted and declared, That all such Organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, if landed in any Part of Great Britain, shall be brought to His Majesty's Custom House at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Duties, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, in any respect, as such Flax and Flax Seed would by any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in -0^eett Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable t# &me had been imported in Foreign Ships or Vessels jol Place of which ltich Flax or Flax or Manufacture: any thine: in

Person* free of Turkey Cotp-p*ny im-

of the Countiy or Growth, Production fts of Parliament in

SnJrtnoi

rdkp

J3j S sianr.b

tsiie te 2. 1I: Got taiilWi

3a tr Murif vtJsHtS

liiikfi

Ea5ffl4

m* A

zn'itEn ft jit pal

liter, tb

late Eng 'site 01

^15X31

S'-kiril

*itfePort

BlU

tdiuvfl

A.D. 1815.

C. 117.

685

55 GEO. III.

trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the port Goods from Name of The Turley Company, to import into the United Kingdom Se^ 10

any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been im-^VesselsT ported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions*of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the same Duties if imported in British or Irish-built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British or Irish-built Ships directly from the Place of their Growth,

Production or Manufacture, but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been (ubjeA and liable to if this Act had not been made; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in the United King-lorn, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Entry No Entry of shall be fuflered to pass at any Custom House in the United King- Goods permitted lom, for any such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture Regulations STurtejm Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand teigmor, as, before the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty 43 0.3. c. 153* bird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be imported nly from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are 'ithin the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which ould have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties when not nported direAly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and hich by the Authority of this Act are permitted to be imported in anner aforesaid, until the Person importing or entering the same shall -oduce to the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's uftoras in Great Britain, and to the proper Officer of the Revenue Ireland, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, cer-ying that such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has id the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and s conformed in all respects to the Rules and Regulations of the d Company relative thereto: Provided always, that all Goods, Provisofor ares and Merchandize, of the Produce of Countries within the Duties< vant Seas imported into Great Britain under the Authority of this 1, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant mpanyin like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, been imported into Great Britain directly from Turkey.

/II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Goods Goods imported Min pursuance of this Act be.imported into the United King- In Foreign Vef-n in any Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be subject and liable to all *tie Pace ord ties in the same manner as they would be liable to by Law, if such \n^\l % aCCr " ps were of the Built of the Country of which the Goods are of Growth, Product or Manufacture.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and fuhje& to Merchandize, when so imported as aforesaid, shall be liable to all Regu-

es of Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all Rules, Re-t, ons' lions and Condittpns, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the

Breach

C.-M7, U8. 55? GEO. III. AiBCittif. m

Exportation of Copper prohibited.

Importation of Goods in Neutral Vessels from Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, permitted.

[Continuance of Act.]

Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland; atfcordingtd' any Law or Laws in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

IX. And Whereas the Public Safety may require temporary Re- strairrts upon the Exportation of Copper Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act shall and may be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, by Proclamation or Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Pro* clamation or Order in Council, whenever it shall seem expedient, t<r prohibit the Exportation of all Copper capable of being converted into a Naval Store, from any Port or Place within thf United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to any Port or Place within the1' Limits of Europe.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful by Order in Council, or by Licence to be ligrted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Authority of an Order' in Council for that Purpose, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant* or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Order in Council, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit any such Goods, Wires or Merchandize as Should be specified in any such Order or Licence; tO'be imported from any Port or Place belonging to any Kingdom or State not in Amity with His Majesty, in Ships belonging totne Subjects of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty; any Law now in force in the United Kingdom or in Great Britainur Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of" Parliament.

[Sde as to Sessions i  8. of thir jiff, ante, r.8. which jiff is EXP.]

iaiRoft

BiEEJtl

&12 Oil folk it fesbOiil acker Ehr&i, itrhrce. c; ta til

aiBjk i^tiitio*as?bcfu iaic P

<n k

2^

Commissionera injy permit

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to regulate the Clearance of Vessels, and Delivery of Coast Bonds, at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain: for exempting certain Ships and Vessels from being licensed by the Commissioners of Customs (a); for authorizing Officers of the Customs to seize Spirits (#) removing Iwithout Excise' Permits; and for preventing Frauds in ovdrloiding': Keels; and other Carriages used in conveying Coah for Ekpofta'tfbti^; or to be carried Coalbvrle. 4 815.5

'\X/r^REj^S H is <*pedient to permit' the'^iylnwatda hnd'W Clearance Outwards, at Creeksi Basins of

- '*trade, wffich

Be It

Great Britain, of Ships and Vessels in, intend to lade and discharge theiriCarg6f|?* t

therefore enacted by The King's Mc&. with the Adviice and Chnfent of and Comfbotf&iin thik present Par] tin of!

C. 118-.

I

t' A.D. 1815. s*0 GEO. III.

66 y

j. Four or, more of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scot- lan.l to enter

C land, or any Three or more of them, whenever and so long as they may Creeks

deem it proper, to permit Ships or Vessels arriving from Ireland to 3pU e

J- enter Inwards at such Creeks, Harbours or Basins of Great Britain, poilued.

where a principal Coast Officer or Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, shall have been 'appointed and llationed, j and before whom it shall be lawful for the Mailer of any such Ship or

jj Vessel to make Oath (which Oath they are hereby authorized and re-

?[uired to administer) of the Built, Burthen, Contents and Lading of uch Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers and Contents of every Parcel of Goods on board such Ship or Vessel, instead. of proceeding to the regular Custom House of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins belong, for that Purpose; and also to do at any such Creek, Harbour or Basin, every Act, Matter and Thing, in relation thereto, conformably to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, under and subject to such and the uke Penalties and Forfeitures as such Entries upon Penalties.

Oath are now by Law required to be made, openly in the Custom House, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the And may permit said Commissioners respectively, whenever and so long as they may ^learanJc deem it proper, to permit the Mailers of such Ships or Vessels as may ^h^Creeks t intend to lade and clear outwards at any such Creeks, Harbours and irei3nd.

Basins, for any Port in Ireland, to enter such Ships or Vessels with the principal Coast Officer and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Culloms, instead of proceeding to the regular Custom House of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours and Basins be-lopg, for that Purpose; and to make Oath before them ( which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer) to the Truth of the Content of the Lading of any such Ship or Vessel; and the t Mailer thereof is hereby required to answer such Questions concerning such Ship or Vessel, and the Voyage on which lhe is about to proceed, as shall be demanded of him by the said principal Coast Officer and Comptroller, or other principal Officers of the Customs, under and fubied to the like Penalties as are provided in such cases by the Laws Penalties.-in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect to such Oaths and Questions.as. are now required to be taken and answered before the Collector, or other Chief Officers of the Port to which such Creeks, Harbours or Basins belong.

III. And Whereas Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting*Trade of this Kingdom frequently take in their Lading at Creeks,

' Harbours, Basins and other Out Stations, where there are no Officers of the Customs authorized to take the Coast Bond required by*Law, and great Inconvenience has arisen to the Merchants and Traders, and to the Mailers of such Ships and Vessels in confe- quenct thereof; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall Officers of Cuf-and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, toms to taJcc. or any fonr of them, and the Commissioner, of the Customs in Scot* Qg^onds m land, or lay Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear to them to be. nettj&ry and proper for the Relief and Accommodation of the

Coasting Tttde of this Kingdom, to authorize and require any Officer or Officers of the Customs stationed at any Creek, Harbour, Basin or Oiit at. 3vhich jiny Goods,. Wares, Mer-

chandize

- v

C. ii8.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Licences not re-quired from Commissioners of Customs for navigating square rigged Vessels of aco Tons, or Vessels of Description herein mentioned.

[Proviso.]

chandize or Passengers, may be shipped, in order to be carried Coast-wife within the same, to take the Coast Bond or Transire, or other Documents required to be given for the Clearance of such Vessels, and for the Delivery and Discharge of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Passengers, in the Port or Place for which the same shall have been entered, or in some other Port or Place in Great Britain, as the case may be; and for returning to the proper Officers of the Customs of the Port where such Bond or Transire, or other Ddcu-, ment8, shall have been given, the Certificate or other Document which in any such case may be required to be produced to them from the Officers of the Customs of the Port, Member or Creek, Harbour or Basin, where such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and 'Passengers, are intended to be landed and discharged, certifying that such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Passengers, were there landed and discharged accordingly; and every Coast Bond, or Transire, or other Documents, taken by and in the Presence of any such Officer, shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if taken at the Custom House, by and in the Presence of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port to which such Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out Station may belong or appertain; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Navigation of { square rigged Ships and Vessels exceeding the Burthen of Two

hundred Tons, and other Ships and Vessels of fair mercantile Con-

strudion, without requiring the Owners thereof to takeout Licences for that purpose from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Licence shall be required from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, for navigating any square rigged Ship or Vessel exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred Tons by Admeasurement, nor for any Ship or Vessel the Breadth whereof is not less than in the Proportion of One Foot to every Three Feet and an Half of the Length of such Ship or Vessel, nor for any Ship or Vessel where the Difference between the Draught of Water forward and aft shall not be greater than in the Proportion of One Inch for every Foot of the Breadth thereof, such Draught of Water forward and aft being ascertained when the Ship or Vessel is light loaded or in failing Trim, and when the Bow-sprit is run out in case such Ship or Vessel shall have a running or a Aiding Bowsprit, and no such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed liable to Seizure or Forfeiture under any Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, on Account of her Length, Built, Construction, Denomination or Description: Provided nevertheless, that if such Ship or Vessel. IhiA be intended to be armed for Refinance, or to be navigated greater Number of Men than is allowed by Law in Fr6pfot$fl 'jp the Number of Tons of her Admeasurement, or (halier other. Account; nothing in this Owner and Owners^ofeyery such !8

e licensed on any f shall exempt the from taking out a

licences granted let Navigation

C* itfi.

A.D. 18i$.

GEO. III.

6*9

of England, Scotland or Ireland, or by the Lord High Admiral, or of Vessels de-

the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, for the pVeer^sUhe^inm

Navigation of any Ship or Vessel exempt from being licensed under mentioned.

+the Provisions of this Act, shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Periods hereafter mentioned; that is to say, if such Ship or Vessel was licensed for the Coasting or Fishing Trade only, such Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Period of Two Months from and after the passing of this Act; or in case the said Ship or Vessel was licensed for trading to Parts beyond the Seas, then the said Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within Six Months from and after the passing of this Act; or if such Ship or Vessel shall then be at Sea, such Licence may be (delivered up

at any time within Two Months from and after the Period of her Arft

Arrival at any Port of Great Britain or Ireland) as the case may

be; or in case the Licence shall have been loft or taken by the Enemy,

satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall within the same Periods

respectively be made before the Collector or Comptroller of the

Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer, and in oafe such

Licence shall not be produced and so delivered up, and no such

Proof shall be made within the said Periods respectively, the Owner and Owners, and also the Master of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds if of the Burthen of Fifteen Penalty.

Tons and under the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons: and One hundred Pounds if of the Burthen of One hundred and Fifty Tons or upwards, to be sued for, recovered and disposed of, in like manner and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty incurred for any Offence against the Laws of the Customs, may now )e hied for, recovered and disposed of, according to the Laws in orce on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of 39 G* 3* c* 78. the Reign of His present Majesty, and other Acts, the Officers of $ 9*

Excise are empowered to seize Vessels and Boats, Horses and other Cattle and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance of Spirits, liable to Forfeiture for being removed without Permit (a), and it is expedient that the Officers of the Customs ould have the like Power \* Be it therefore enacted, That any Officers of Cuffficer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs shall have the like toms empowered nver to seize and prosecute any Vessel, Boat, Cart, Carriage and all ^..^oving* ittle liable to Forfeiture by the recited Act, or any other Act, for Spirits, in like ing employed or used in the Removal of Spirits, without the same manner as fixing accompanied with a true and lawful Permit as is granted by c, fe Officers, y Act or A fts of Parliament to any Officer or Officers of Excise.

(a) [gtf ? See the Title of 39 G. 3. c. 78. by which it appears that the whole of the Act -relates to Scotland.

1 VII. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made to prevent Frauds upon the Revenue by overloading Keels,

3oats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, Coups or other Vessels or Carriages wed in the Conveyance of Coals and Culm, in order to e laden* on board Ships and Vessels for Exportation to Foreign arts, or to betawiedCoaft wife; Be it therefore endftgd, 'That Keels, frc. over-55 GSO. III. Yy if loaded with

6\)o C. n 8, 119.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Coals or Culm if upon Examination of any Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart,

for Exportation, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage, employed in the Conveyance of

01 m IJ. mm^V. 1. J A- ! 1 f..T?

Coals or Culm for the Purpose of being laden or shipped for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, or to be carried Coastwise, and which shall have been admeasured, weighed, numbered and marked, in the manner directed by the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, there shall be found any greater Quantity of Coals or Culm than such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage, is allowed to carry or convey according to the Numbers, Nails or other Marks set thereon, whether such Number, Nails or other Marks, denote the Quantity by Weight or by Measure, every such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup or other Vessel or Carriage so overloacted, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Custom6; and such Forfeiture, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution, shall be divided, One Moiety to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall seize or sue for the same, in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it might tend greatly to the Preservation of the several Turnpike Roads within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, if the Trustees acting in Execution of the several Acts for the maintaining and repairing thereof, were enabled to grant certain Privileges and Abatements of Tolls to all Waggons, Carts or other such Carriages, having the Axletrees thereof horizontal, and the Wheels thereof (landing perpendicular on the Ground, with flat and level Fellies, and of particular Breadths; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Trustees of by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to Roads empow- and for the respective Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, erl to exempt acting in Execution of any Act or Acts of Parliament for maintaining WheeS^De-8^repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in that Part of the fcripiion herein United Kingdom called England, at any of their respective Meetings mentioned from to be holden in pursuance of such Act or Acts, and they are hereby Tolls imposed authorized and empowered, by Order to be made at any such for Overweight. ]^eetings (in case they shall think it proper and expedient), to

_____i. L.___a. 1__n_______ a. - f. 11 mm. Umm*

exempt from the Payment of all or any Part of the additional Tolls for every One hundred Weight of One nundiedand twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart, of other such Carriage,

CAP. CXIX.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 119. 691

Britain called England; and for other Purposes, imposed and granted by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining and altering an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weights and Payment of Toll in particular Cases; provided such Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage, shall have the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, or of Nine Inches, or of Sixteen Inches or upwards, and be Cylindrical; that is to say, of the same Diameter on the Inside next the Carriage as on the Outside, so that when such Wheels shall be rolling on a flat or level Surface, the whole Breadth thereof shall bear equally on such flat or level Surface; and provided that the opposite Ends of the Axletrees of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, so far as the same shall be inserted in the respective Naves of the Wheels thereof, shall be horizontal and in the continuance of one straight Line, without forming any Angle with each other; and so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriage, the lower Parts, when resting on the Ground, shall be at the same Distance from each other as the upper Parts of such Pair of Wheels: Provided always, that no such Exemption from such additional Tolls or Penalties for Overweight, or from any Part or Parts thereof, shall be allowed or granted foe or in respect of any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Six Inches and upwards in Breadth, and less than Nine Inches in Breadth, notwithstanding the Wheels and Fellies thereof shall be so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid, in case such Overweight shall exceed Eight hundred Weight; nor shall any such Exemption be allowed or granted for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Ninelnches and upwards in Breadth, and less than Sixteen Inches in Breadth, notwithstanding the Wheels and Fellies thereof shall be so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid, in case such Overweight shall exceed Six hundred Weight; nor shall any such Exemption be allowed or granted for or in respect of any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Sixteen Inches and upwards in Breadth, notwithstanding the Wheels and Fellies thereof shall be so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid, in case such Overweight shall exceed Thirty hundred Weight.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, acting in Execution of any Act or Acts of Parliament for maintaining and repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, at any of their respective Meetings to be holden in pursuance of such Act or Acts, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think it proper and expedient, to reduce any Part or Parts of the Toll or Tolls payable by virtue of such Act or Acts, for or in respect of each and every Y y 2'Waggon

14G. 3.C. 82. i.

Cases where Exemption not allowed.

Trustees may reduce other Tolls.

76$i Clip, 120. GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Proviso.]

To)l* not reduced without Consent of LiiTea.

Waggon, Cart or 'otKer such Carriages, or the Horse or Horsei, Peal: or TBeafts, or other Cattle drawing fufti Waggon, Cart or other "Carriage, having the Wheels and Fellies so made, and the Axletrees thereof so formed and fixed as aforesaid: Provided always, that Nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to 'enable such Trustees to reduce such Toll Or Tolls more than One fourth of the Toll or Tolls that might otherwise be demanded and taken for or in respect of each and every such Waggon, Cart or Other such Carriage, or the Horse or Horses, Bead or Beaista, Or Other Cattle drawing the same.

III. Provided always, and be it erracted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to reduce any such Toll or Tolls, or any of such Penalties for Overweight, during the Continuance or Exigence of any Lease or Leases thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Lessee or Lessees first had and obtained for that Purpose.

Account taken of Number of Persons in Ireland by Persons appointed.

Copies of Act delivered by King's Printer to an Officer appointed by Chief Secretary, and by such Officer Cent to Clerks of Peace, 8cc. for Distri-budOrt under Act, with Forms of Account, St Cm

CAP. CXX.

An Act to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for the ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provisibn for the taking

an Account of the Total Number of Persons from time to

time within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland Be "it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comindns, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the manner herein after mentioned to take the Accounts required by this Act, shall, at the times and in the manner herein after directed, severally take an Account of the Nutaber of Persons who shall he actually found, at the time of taking such Accounts, to be within the Limits of the several Parishes and Places within the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of ToWns, in Ireland respectively, according to the Provisions in this Act contained.

II. And, Fdr the riiore speedy and effectually obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient'Number of printed Copies of this Act /shall from titne to time be delivered by His Majesty's Printer in Ireland, to rin Officer to be'appointed'by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other ChlSLGoVemor or Governors of Ireland and which OfficferTuAJCbfl(f Secretary is hereby authorized and empowered txj^ppldnt^for digesting and

arranging the several Returns to.whenever the said Printer shall the said printed Copies shall, by t theufeveAl?Clei, ks of the F

^pflrludnt to this Act, btf^heTaid Officer; and, be transmitted to

C. l; % Oi

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

6pj

this Act, shall be prepared by the said Officer uqdpr the Directionj of such Chief Secretary; and printed Copies of fuel) Instruction*

and Forms shall he transmitted by such Officer so to be appointed

by such Chief Secretary, to the Clerks of the Peace and Town

j Clerks in every County, County of a City and County of a Town

in Ireland, who shall distribute the same to the Chairman or Assistant-

i Barrister in every County at large, and to the Recorder of every County of a City and County of a Town, and to the several Magistrates assembled in Sessions for the several Counties of Cities-and Counties of Towns in Ireland respectively, and under their Direction to the several Persons to be appointed to carry this Act into effect in the several Parishes and Places in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said Officer so to be appointed by such Chief Secretary, shall from time to time communicate with the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks, and with such Chairman,

Assistant Barristers, Recorders and Magistrates when qecessary, in furtherance of the Purposea of this Act } and the said several Clerk of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required to acknowledge the Receipt of this Act, and the said Schedule of

Iuftrudions, and othpr Forms; and shall with all convenient Speed cause the said Act, and the said Schedule of Instructions and other.

Forms, to be distributed in manner directed by this Act, within their, respective Limits.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Chairmen, or Magistrates on Assistant Barristers of the several Counties, and the Recorders of g^ttary, to* the Cavtjral Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, hold Special together with the Bench of Magistrates in such Counties, Counties Sessions for ap-of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively, upon receiving a pointing Persons. Precept from the Chief Secretary to the Cord Lieutenant or other in each ?and* Chief governor or Governors of Ireland (which Precept such Chief counTof Popu-? Secretary is hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to Ution, and to issue, together with the Instructions for carrying the same into Effect), make Returns shall from time to time cause a Special Sessions of the Peace to be to Adjournment fwmooed, and balden from tiipe to time, for the Purposes of this* Seir, ou'*

Act, within their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, within such Period and at such Times as shall be named in such Precept; and shall at the Firil Meeting of such Special Sessions name and appoint, according to such Instructions as shall accompany the Precept of the Chief Secretary as aforesaid, in and for each Parish within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or in and for any Barony, Half Barony, Townland, District, Division or Place within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, as to such Special Sessions shall feera fitting and practicable,

One fit and proper Person, residing in each such Parish or Baroqy,

Half Barony, Townland, District, Division or Place respectively, ap they /haft in their Discretion think ftt to appoint, for the Purpose of taking the Account required by this Act, and shall thereupon make Qut a List of the several Parishes or Baronies, Half Baronies,

Tow^wds, District*, Divisions and Places, in and for which Persons shall kt so named and appointed, and the Christian and Surname of every (tyfe Person so named and appointed, and shall transmit such.

Lift u> the Officer to he appointed by the Chief Secretary as afore-?

(j& tad having so done shall adjourn such Special Session, to such shall be directed and appointed by the Precept or I -M* Y y 3 Instruct-

C. 120.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

In case of Death, &c. of Person making Returns, Lord Lieutenant to appoint another.

In what manner Persons appointed, shall take Account of Population in each Parish, tc.

Instructions of such Chief Secretary; and at such Adjourned Sessions such Chairman or Assistant Barrister or Recorder, and Bench 0 Magistrates shall proceed, according to such Instructions as theyma receive for that Purpose, to order and direct every such Person ft appointed to take an Account in the several Paristies, or in thi several Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Districts, Divisions 0 Places, respectively, of the several Matters and Things required b] this Act, and to make a Return thereof to the said Sessions, at fuel Adjournment of such Sessions as shall be mentioned in such Order.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person so to b( appointed to take such Account shall happen to die without taking such Account and making such Returns as is required by this Act, for the Parish, District or.Place, for which such Person shall be so appointed, or if any such Person shall be incapable of acting, or shall neglect to ad in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint another fit and proper Person in the Room and Stead of the Person so dying or being incapable of acting or neglecting to ad, and every such Person so appointed shall in all respects perform the same Duties and have the same Powers, and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as the Person originally appointed, under or by virtue of this Act; and Notice of every such Appointment shall be given (by the Officer to be appointed by such Chief Secretary for the Purposes of this Act) to the Chairman, Assistant Barrister or Recorder of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, within which such Person shall be so appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Persons so appointed

to take the Account required by this Act, whenever they shall consider it necessary, shall and may take to their Assistance and employ the Churchwardens, Constables and other Peace-Officers within each Parish, Barony, Townland, District, 'Division or Place respectively, as also the Sub Constables and other Persons employed in applotting and collecting the Grand Jury Assessments within the same respectively; which said several Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting herein; and all such Persons so appointed to take the Account required by this Act, in the several Paristies, Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Divisions, Districts or Places Respectively, shall, either by themselves, or with such Affiftarfce as aforesaid, if they shall consider it necessary, within such time as shall be directed by such Order of Sessions as aforesaid, proceed to take aft Account of the Number of Persons at that time within the Limits of the respective Paristies, Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Districts, Divisions or Places, in which they shall have been so as aforesaid appointed, and to inform themselveg of all Particulars relating to the Matters of which an Account is required to be given, according to the Form to be tran Knitted to thwriJ for that Purpose, by proceeding from House to House, a^ by^continuing such their Examination from Day to Day, withd^n^tion, or negligent Or wilful Delay, until the same shall folly completed $ and from such Information as aforesaidprepare an Anftfer o* Return, containing all Matters ^H|^ Account is r^gtired 4k km to the I HfsBimitted > to dBSfc for

after sign the same, with their Names and ordinary Designations and Places of Abode, and shall attest the Correctness thereof on Oath before the Chairmen, or Assistant Barristers in Counties, and before the Recorders in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns and Bench of Magistrates respectively, at the Adjournment of the said Quarter Sessions to be specially holden for that Purpose, at the Day and Time mentioned for that Purpose in the Order of the said Sessions; and the better to enable all such Persons to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, such Persons, and their said Assistants and Persons by them employed, are hereby authorized and empowered to ask all such Questions of all Persons within the respective Parishes, Baronies, Half Baronies, Townlands, Districts,

Divisions and Places, in which they shall take the Accounts required

by this Act, respecting themselves, and the Number, Age and

Occupation of the Persons conflicting their respective Families, as

shall be necessary for dating the Particulars required to be Rated

concerning them, in the Answers and Returns aforesaid; and that Refuting, 8cc.

ev$ry such Person refuting to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer answer, $cc.

to such Questions, or any of them, shall for every such Refusal or

false Ani fwer, on Proof thereof being made before any Justice of the

Peace of the County in which such Persons shall relide, on the Oath

of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discre- Penalty.

tion of the said Justice before whom the Complaint thereof shall have been so made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several original Accounts Accounts and so taken in Writing, and attested as aforesaid by the Persons so ap-ftus pointed as aforesaid, together with all Answers and Returns prepared seJJy and thereupon, shall be from time to time transmitted by the Chairman AWtradtpre-or Assistant Barristers of Counties, and Recorders of Counties of pared and laid Cities and Counties of Towns within One Calendar Month after the before Parlia-Receipt of the same, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the evwr7 Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, c: on*

a Copy thereof having been previously made by the several Clerks of the Peace of the Counties, and Town Clerks of the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, wherein they were respectively taken, and lodged among the County Records; and which Copies such Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks are hereby strictly required and enjoined to make or cause to be made, and safely to keep and preserve in their respective Offices, and to deliver over to their Successors in Office respectively; and that such Accounts, Answers and Returns so transmitted to the Office of such Chief Secretary, shall be digested and reduced into order by such Officer as such Chief Secretary shall from time to time appoint for the Purpose; and that an Abstract thereof shall be from time to time laid before both Houses of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein Returns In case of

shall not be made in pursuance of any Precept from the Chief Neglect or De-Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or turnT&c.Chkf Governors of Ireland pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or Secretary may where it shall appear that the Returns made are defective or inac- direct Precept curate, and whenever it shall seem expedient to the Lord Lieutenant for new Re* or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland foe the time being* turns-that Returns should be made under this Act* it shall and may be Y y 4 lawful

C. 120.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

of Act.

lawful for such Chief Secretary for the time being to issue his Precept to the Chairman or Assistant Barrister of any of the Counties in Ireland, or to the Recorder of any Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns in Ireland, forthwith to proceed to cause due Returns to be made in any County, County of a City or Town, or in all or any Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places named and specified in such Precept, under the Provisions and Powers of this Act. Compensation to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and arties employ. alJowe(]> for the Trouble and Expence of the several Persons em-m xecuuou pj0ye(j in tj, e Transactions aforesaid, for the Returns which shall be so made pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; that is to say, to the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for every Return which shall be made, and a Copy thereof lodged in his Office, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and also a further Sum not exceeding Six pence for every Seventy two Word9 and Figures contained in every such Return; and to the several Persons so to be appointed to take the Accounts, and make the Returns required by this Act, a reasonable Compensation, to be estimated by the Chairman or Assistant Barrister and Bench of Magistrates in Counties, and by the Recorders and Magistrates in Counties of Cities and Towns; and that such Compensation shall be calculated according to the nature of the Work performed, and the Quantity of time employed, to which shall also be added the Expences (if any) incurred by every such Person in the Execution of this Act; and that such Work and Services shall be duly certified by the Chairman and Assistant Barrister of Counties* and Recorders of Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns* and the Bench of Magistrates in each of the said Counties respectively, and shall also be approved of by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* for the time being; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collectors of Excise in their respective Districts in Ireland* to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so certified and approved as aforesaid to the Parties producing such Certificate and Approbation, and also to pay all such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to be requisite and necessary, and as he or they shall order to be paid for any reasonable Expences incurred by any Person in the Execution of this Act, to such Persons as shall produce such Order, and all Sums so paid by such Collectors of Excise shall be allowed them in their Accounts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets containing the Accounts of Returns of Population as aforesaid and all other Communications relative to this Act, coming to or from the Officer so to be from time to time appointed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other; Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as aforesaid, shall be carried, and conveyed by means of His Majesty's Post Office and dekvaiSpd without Postage, or any Charge being paid or payable

X. And be it further enacted, so to be appointed as aforesaid* to take the by this Act,nd

every Churchwarden* Constable, oAr .'Person whfetederr

Packets free of Postage.

Officers, ke. neglecting nr making Default in Rxccution of Act.

C. 120, 121*

A.D. 1815. 5 GEO. III.

69.7.

required of them respectively in this Act, shall, for every such wilful

Negletft, Default or Falsification, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pnby.

Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, before whom such Person shall be convicted of such Offence, on the Oath of One or more

credible Witness or Witnesses; and that the several Forfeitures and ?Penalt'es> fcc.

Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied Ieco'9fe '

by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue

of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace*

having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the.

said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress.

and Sale shall be deducted; and in case such fumcient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such.

Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Imprisonment. Mainpriie for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said.'

Forfeitures shall be paid One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Collector of Excise for the District wherein the said Offence shall be committed, to be by him applied in Aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining ana, keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpose of Military Communication -9 and for making more effetluai Provision for maintaining and repair- ing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[28th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the 54 0* 3* <?. 104,

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges, which requires to be amended and explained in some Respects

^ Be it therefore evaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in place of levying Three Fourths of the Mode of levying Moaey expended in repairing and keeping in Repair the Roads and AfleCment de- Bridges in any County described in the said recited Act in the manner ^c.r.nVne.tl therein directed, it shall and may be lawful for the Freeholders of Head*Coim. any County, excepting the County of Inverness, at the ensuing MU thadmat Head Court, or at any Meeting of the Freeholders and Coanniflwners of Supply, which shall be held in any County for thi* fpcdal Purpose within Two Months thereafter, to order and direct the way and manner in which such Asseffmenl shall and may he made and levied daring the Continuance of the said recited Act, in such Cauety, in each and every Year, either {Separately or along with any other

6p8

C. 121.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Order transmitted to Commissioners of Supply, for Guidance.

Pro', iTo in case no Order made.

Assessment when made.

[Proviso.]other A (Te Ament in such County: Provided always, that any A(Te(

ment for the Purposes of the said recited Act shall be borne and d< frayed by the several Counties of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland an Caithness respectively, and not by any particular District or District within such Counties.

II. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Order thereupon t< be made, signed by the Prefes of such Michaelmas Head Court 0 Meeting, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of such County, and the same shall be laid b) the Clerk of Supply before the First Meeting of the Commissionen of Supply which shall be held thereafter; and from and after the Receipt of such Order, the Commissioners of Supply of such County are hereby directed to proceed accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That unless and until such Order shall have been made and transmitted as herein directed, the Commissioners of Supply shall make the Assessment in the manner directed by the said recited Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case such Order shall be transmitted to the Clerk of Supply of any County before an Assessment shall have been made, in the manner directed by the said recited Act for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County to assemble, upon Twenty Days* Notice from their Clerk, which he is required to give, for the Purpose of making an Assessment, or otherwise providing the Sum due for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in the way and manner directed in such Order; provided that Six Months* Interest, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, be added to the Amount of the Sum due, and be therewith transmitted to the said Parliamentary Commissioners, or their Agent at Edinburgh^ in manner directed by the said recited Act.

V. And be it enacted, That every Royal Burgh and Burgh of Regality shall be assessed with the County in which it is situated for the Purposes of the said recited Act; provided nevertheless, that in making such Assessments regard shall be had to an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majestyt for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of 44.0. 3. c. lxxv. Scotland; also, to an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and also, to an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing., altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His present Majesty as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and levying a Contribution of Money in lieu thereof and otherwise regulating, making and repairing Highways and

Bridges

Burghs afl=(TecI with County.

45 G 3* c-!

4? G. 3. c.cv.

C. 12 r.

699

AM.

sab

ibis

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

J4 G. 3. c. 104.

Bridges in the said Shire; and all Pari (Ties and Parts of Parishes, and Places, and Lands, and Estates, mentioned in the said Three recited Acts shall be assessed for the Purposes of the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the same manner that such Parishes, Parts of Parishes, Places, I*ands and Estates are directed to be assessed for the Purposes of the said Three recited Acts.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the due Proportion Proportion of of the Money expended in the repairing the Roads and Bridges described in the said recited Act, shall be raised in every Year in every ra County in which an Assessment is directed to be made by the said recited Act, and shall be transmitted to the said Parliamentary Commissioners, or their Agent at Edinburgh, as therein required.

VII. And Whereas it is provided by the said recited Act, that 54 G. 3. c. 104.

the Sum of Assessment to be levied in any Year in any County, shall  "

not be higher than the Rate of Three Half-pennies in the Pound

upon the Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax in such County, under Schedule (A.) of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions,

4 Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty ffth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions,

4 Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties: And Whereas the Commissioners of Supply of any County are empowered to appoint a 4 fit Person to be a Surveyor and Clerks, or other Officers, as they shall think necessary for the due Execution of the said recited Act,

with such Salaries or Allowances as the said Commissioners of Supply shall think fit: And Whereas in Counties where the Assessment amounts to the Sum of Three Half-pennies in the Pound upon the Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax as aforesaid, the Expence of such Surveyors, Clerks and Officers, is thus

thrown upon the said Parliamentary Commissioners, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted, That the Salaries and Allowances of such Surveyors, Salaries, &c. of Clerks and Officers, shall in all cases be borne and defrayed by the Surveyors, &e. County or Counties in which they are appointed respectively, except Pald by Coun-in so far as the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of the said lles*

recited Act shall think fit to permit.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act shall have 54 G. 3. c. 104. Effect and remain in force in all respects, except in so far as regards force, the Alterations made by this present Act.

C. 122.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18: 15.

53 G. 3. c.i5?.

Trees cut down within 12 Months after Date of Award under

S3 G. 3- c-158. 10.

[Proviso.]

53 G. 3. c, ij8. 43-

His Majesty's

Private fcftates within Forest fold or exchanged.

CAP. CXXII. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Yea* of His present Majesty, for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of W'mdfcr Forest, in the County of Berks; and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[28th June 1815.]

YYJ WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the.

V\ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vejling

in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest, in the County of

Berks; and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest; and some of the Provisions of the said Act require

to be amended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successore, and all and every Person and Persons entitled to any Timber or other Trees (landing and being on any of the Waste Lands intended to be inclosed by the said recited Act, at any time within the Period of Twelve Calendar Months after the Date of the Award directed by the said Act to be made by John Nash and John Dams, Commissioners named and appointed iii and by the kid recited Act, or their Successors, instead of within the Space of Two Years from the passing of the said Act, as in the said Act is directed, to fell, cut down, grub up, remove, fell*nd dispose of such, Timber and other Trees; apy thing in the said Act to the contrary no twitbilanding: Provided always, and tlje said John Nash and John Dams, and their Successors, are hereby required and directed to make and execute their said Award within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from and after the passing of this Act, in the same Manner and Form and under the like Regulations ip ah respects as in the said recited Act is directed.

*11. And Whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvenpnt

of the Estates and Property belonging to His Majesty, within the

Limits of the said Forest, in His private Capacity, if the Powers

in the said recited Act contained, ip relation to the Sale or Exchanges of Allotments made to His Majesty in Right of such

Estate3, were extended to all such Estates and Property j* Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities, Prqvjfk^ps and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, for audiQriaifig the Commissioners therein mentioned and uamed &vd appointed by the said therein recked A & of the Fifty second Y*?* fkh? JR.eign of His present Majesty, to sell or exchange any Qr Allotments of Waste Land made to His fyfcj?fty Laid recited

Ad of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, shall b construed

to extend to authorize, emppw?r and W npentiooed

Commissioners to sell or exchange all or iny bfcw Messuages, Cottages, Timber, Orchards, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, belonging to His Majesty, within thr Limits and Boundaries of the said Forest as His Majesty* Boyate Property, in case the said Commissioners shall deem any {tiCofpdLts or ExchangesJfe be expedient and benecial to the ER^RjSdflis Majesty 5

be lawful for the said Commilonerl|^te any such,

y

Construed as one Act.

53 G. 3. C. 58.

1, a.

Majesty, do in some Parishes exceed the proportionate Share of< Nine Thirty Seconds intended to be given to His Majesty under the same Act, as far as relates to the Waite in such Parishes, and no Provision is contained in the said Act for making Compensation to (och Pantoes.; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful Compensation for the said John Nash and John Davis, and their Successors, and m, de to ^rilhes they are hereby required to ascertain the Amount and Value of such, ems wceed Excess in every such Parish as aforesaid, and the respective Amounts proportionate of the Value of such Excess shall thereupon be paid to the respective share belonging Parishes entitled thereto, out of any Money to be raised under the to His Majesty. Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, by the Sale of any Lands authorized by the said Act to be sold for the Payment of the Expences of inclosing the Lands and Allotments which are by the said Act given to or may be awarded to His Majesty; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Commissioner in all such cases to mark out for Sale any additional Quantity of such Lands for the Purpose of raising the Amount of such Compensation to such Parishes respectively as aforesaid; and the Amount of the Value of every such Excess in each Parish shall be paid to the Commissioner or Commissioners under the said Act for the Parish for which the Compensation shall be given, and shall by such Commissioner or Commissioners respectively be applied in the Payment of any Expences already incurred or which may hereafter be incurred in the Execution of the said Act in such Parish by the said Commissioners respectivehr in the respective Parishes, or their Clerks, or any Surveyors or Assistants, or in any other Costs or Charges incident to or incurred in the Execution of the said Act, and the Overplus, if any, shall be divided among the 'Proprietors of Estates in the Parish for which the Compensation is paid, in Proportion to their several legal Rights of Common therein, and shall be included in the Award of the Commissioner or Commissioners of such respective Parishes: Provided always, that the Sale Provifa f all Lands for the Purposes aforesaid shall be made in such Manner "and Form and under such Regulations in all respects as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said Act of the Fifty second Year of 5a G. 3. c. I. the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the said recited Act respectively, or as near thereto as the circumstances of any Sales to be roade in pursuance of this Act will admit.

IV. And Whereas it is enacted by the said recited Act of the 53 G-3* c.tji. 4 Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty that certain 

4 Pftrts of the Waste of the said Fore ft therein particularly mentioned and desertbed should be allotted to His Majesty; and it is expedient that1 Power should be given to inclose the said several Allot-and such other Allotments tobe made to -His Majesty as

may

55 GEO. III. C. m.

changes under the Powers, Authorities and Regulations in the said Act contained in relation to Allotments, in like manner in every tefpeft as if such Powers, Authorities and Regulations were hereby repeated and re-enacted, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Messuages, Cottages, Timber, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had been included in the said recited Act; and the said Act and this Act shall for that Purpose be con-ftmed together as One Act.

III. And Whereas it hath been found that the specific Allotments required and directed by the said Act of the Fifty third '* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be given to His

70 2

C. 122  125.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Allotments to 11 is Majesty in-doled befo e Award made.

28 G. a. c. 1.

may adjoin or be contiguous thereto, previous to the Execution

the Award to be made by the said John Nash and John Davi/,

' their Successors, as by the said recited Act is directed; Be therefore enacted, That when the said Allotments so directed to I made to His Majesty by the said last mentioned Act, and such othi Allotment or Allotments as may adjoin or be contiguous thereti shall have been made and set out to and for His Majesty, it shall an may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forest and Land Revenues, by and with the Consent and Approbation the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the tim being, immediately or at any time thereafter to inclose from time t< time the said several Allotments, and to continue the same so inclosed, freed and discharged of and from all Common Rights of whal nature or kind soever, although the said John Nash and John Davis or their Successors may not have made or executed their said Award in relation thereto at the respective Periods when such Inclosures shall be so made.

CAP. CXXIII.

54 G. 3. c. 43. An Act for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments taken for erecting Works at and near Portsmouth and Hilfeay in the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

[28th June 1815.]

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities.

[28 th June 1815.]

- [See ante, c. 74. post. c. 169.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

[29th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal ' Hospital at Cheilea: And Whereas the Payment in Advance to ' Out Pensioners under the said recited Act has, through the Improvidence of such Pensioners, been found to produce great Inconvenience, and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be

amended in relation to such Payments; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

 a. in part repealed.

Coramifljonen to make Regu-

That so much of the said recited Act as be made to Out Pensioners of the remain] current Half Year upon Admission Half-yearly Payments, shall be ai

IX. And be it Anther eroded, fourth Bay of that Payments (h^ll>er of Days of die T in Advance in

latum, for Pa, jfo.

m A-D>l8, J-

55 GEO. III. Cj2, 126. 703

iEmtai

k;

faafoi

diiin

safes

Hlklto

rjoect 'it fa

3B0

1'^E*

: jfe

Regulation in relation to the Payment in Advance to Out Pensioners, m^nts in Ad-upon their first Admission on the Pension Lift, of any of such Pro- ^inc* to ut portions of their Pensions at the time of Admission as thp said Com- ^dm^on* and missioners shall see fit, and for the Payment of the Residue of such Jor Payment of Pensions for the current Quarter upon the Arrival of Pensioners ResidueonAr-at their Places of Residence, as shall in the Judgment of the said riv.datReli-Commissioners appear best adapted to prevent the improvident Ex- dence* penditure of such Pensions, and the consequent Distress of such Pensioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby further authorized Paid Quarterly, and directed to make all subsequent Payments of such Pensions by Quarterly Payments in Advance instead of by Half-yearly Payments; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See as to Relief of Out Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital, pofi. c. 136.]

Urn

fa

si

1

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers, Allowances equivalent in Amount to the Half Pay given to British Officers under the like Circumstances.

[29th June 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the 34 G. 3. c. 43. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled yin Ail to enable ' SubjeSj of France to enl'tjl as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the*Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and re- ceive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Rejlriaions: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty 44 G.3.0. 75.

fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enitfl as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissans to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers,

under certain RefriQions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to cnlijl any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid; And Whereas an Act passed in the ' Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 46 G. 3* c- 21*

4. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of ' Foreign States to enli/l as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second 5* G. 3. c. 15 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service;

and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British. Officers under the like Circumstances: And Whereas the said recited Acts of the Forty < fourth and Forty sixth Years aforesaid, have been extended and t amended by an Act [a) passed in this Session of Parliament: And 1 Whereas it is just and expedient that Provision should be made for t authorizing the granting to Foreign Officers, serving or who have t served under any of the Provisions of the said Acts, Allowances equal in amount to the Half Pay of British Officers in His Majesty's t Service under the like circumstances f May it therefore please your (a) IAnte, r. 85. 1.]

74

H.iH Pay to Foreign Officers.

Allowances already made, valid.

[9*10W. 3. C. 4X. x, a. 4>

5. 8.

9 G. 1. c. 8.

17 G- a. c. 40.  io.

C. 126, 127. 1 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18IS

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King1 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tb Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parli< ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall b lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, to allow to any Foreig Officers in His Service, serving under any of the Provisions of the fail recited Acts, upon the Reduction of their Corps, or the Expiratio of the Period for which their Corps engaged to serve, Allowance equal in amount to the Halt Pay of British Officers of JiJce Rani in His Majesty's Service, and payable in the like manner and unde; limilar Circumstances and Re ft nations as Half Pay is or may be allowed and granted to any Officers in His Majesty's Service by ant Law or Regulation now in force, or which maybe hereafter, made am established in relation to the Half Pay of Officers who have held Commissions in His Majesty's Service; any thing in the Paid recited A6P, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Allowances as may have been already granted by His Majesty to any such Foreign Officers upon the Diifbanding or Reduction of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or under such and the like circumstances as would "have entitled any British Officers to Plalf Pay, shall be deemed andaken to be well and effectually granted, and shall be paid in like ^manner, in every respect, as if the same had been granted after the passing and under the Provisions of this Act; any thing in any Act -or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to Tepeal an Act of the Fifty third'Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores; and to extend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, to all other Public Stores.

[29th June 1815.]

*\]17 H'EREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Atl ' for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Stores

of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in pay ing Sea-

menfs Wages; and by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the ' 'Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for continuing> same Lavas, and reviving others therein mentioned; for exempting

Apothecaries from fencing Parish and Ward Offices, and srpon Juries

and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamen's Wages; and the Preservation of Naval Stores of War; and concerning the Mili-

tin and Trophy 'Money; and against clandfhne Punning of unac-

cUftomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds relating 1 to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuff to be exported; 1 and by another Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign ' -of King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue the several { Lavas therein -mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Nor- them Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked

and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice

for

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 127. 705

for continuing T<po Clauses to prevent the cutting or Ireaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting Hopbinds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons nalieiously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or heating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests> Chafes or Parks; and for granting a 4 Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies direct, to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain,

and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating 1 to the Prof edition of Offenders for embezzling Naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England

without Licence; and by another Act passed in the Fortieth Year 3940 G. 3.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the letter c. 89.

preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and

Victualling Stores; divers Provisions were made for preventing the

Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling

Stores: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty second 52 G. 3. c. 12.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores to Ireland, the said recited Acts, so far as the same severally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein respectively mentioned, were extended to Ireland: And Whereas by

another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His 0.3. c. xi6.]

present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores of War to all Public Stores: it was enabled, that the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third should extend to all Public Stores

whatsoever: And Whereas by reason of divers Omissions and Im-

perfections in the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is expedient that the same should be repealed, and such further Provisions made in lieu thereof as herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year 53 G.j.c 12$. of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed, repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except as to any Offence or Offences which may have been committed against the said last mentioned Act and the Prosecution and Punishment of any Person or Persons for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, not only the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth9 & 10 W. 3. Year of the Reign of King William the Third, but also the said  >* 4> several other Acts of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Getsrgc g

the Fir^: the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the *4,

Second &d the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 17 g. a. c. 40. hereinbefoft recited, so far as the same severally relate to His 10.

Naval, ^Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein respect- 39*4G*3-, Zz ively c'*

i*;

Ai*

jo6

to extend to all Public Stores, and to all Per* Tons intermeddling therewith ot authorized.

9 IkioW.j.41.

39 & 40 G. 3. ft 89.  a5.

C. 127, 128. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

ively mentioned, and all the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things therein respectively contained, relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein respectively mentioned, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Public Stores whatsoever under the Care, Superintendance or Controulof any Officer or Person in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or employed in any Public Department or Office, either marked with the Marks or any of them in the said recited Act9 or any of them specified, or with the Broad Arrow, and the Letters B. O., or with a Crown and the Broad Arrow, or with His Majesty's Arms, or with the Letters G. R., to denote the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, therein, and to all and every Person and Persons, not authorized by the proper Officer or Officers, Person or Persons in His Majesty's Service, in that behalf so to do, using any such Marks or making any Goods marked with such Marks, or any of them, and to all and every Person and Persons in whose Custody, Possession or Keeping any such Public Stores so marked as aforesaid shall be found, or who shall willingly or knowingly receive or have in his, her or their Custody, Possession or Keeping, or who shall conceal any such Public Stores so marked as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall upon his, her or their Trial produce a Certificate or Certificates under the Hand or Hands of the proper Officer or Officers, Persons or Person in His Majesty's Service authorized to grant the same, of such and the like nature as the Certificate in the said recited Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty mentioned, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall wilfully and fraudulently destroy, beat out, take out, cut out, deface, obliterate or erase, wholly or in part, any of the said Marks, or cause, procure, employ or direct any other Persons or Person so to do, for the Purpose of concealing the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, therein, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the same several Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said several Acts contained, so far as the same severally relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, and the punishment of Persons offending in manner therein mentioned, were herein and hereby severally repeated and re-enacted in respect to aO other Public Stores whatsoever.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire Ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations.

[29th June 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be

W enabled from time to time to procure and take, or purchase, either for a Time or Term of Years, or in Fee, as Occasion shall require, all such Lands or Hereditaments as are, shall or may be

wanted for the Purposes of Signal or Telegraph Stations, and of

making, preserving and maintaining a free and uninterrupted Communication between the respective Signals or Telegraphs erefled or to be erected thereon, and of preventing and removing any Ob.

strudions thereto, either by Buddings, Trees, or ia any other

manner,

C. 128.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

707

manner, together also with all necessary Ways unto and from the fame; Be it therefore eira&ed by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Admiralty may

the Lord High Admiral, or any Three or more of the Commissioners authorize Ptr-

for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United King- mrvey,

dom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, from time to &<- bands for

time, by any Writing under their Hands, to authorize any Person or "3nJ gntionl"

Persons to survey and mark out any Lands or Hereditaments which 1 P

are, shall or may be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, or any cr

either of them, and to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners

thereof, or any Person or Persons interested therein, either for the

absolute Purchase thereof for the Public Service or for the Possession.

thereof, for such Time or Term of Years as the Public Service shall require.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Obstruction should obstructions re-arise, grow or be occasioned, or should be intended to lie made be- moved.

tween any Two Signal or Telegraph Stations, so as to impede the free Communication between the said Stations, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to agree-for the Removal or Prevention of such Obstructions in the same manner and under the same Powers and Provisions, as are herein after provided for the Acquisition of the Lands or Grounds necessary for the Erc&ion of the said Signal or Telegraph Stations.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees &c. may Conor Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and for all Te- f?r s*le of aants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Hu (bands, Guardians, 1>reroiie*. Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of the Owners

)r Proprietors of or Persons interested in any such Lands, or Here-litaments required for such Public Service as shall be Femes Covert,

'nfants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise ncapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, either for the absolute Sale f such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Grant of any Lease either Dr any Term of Years certain therein, or for such Periods as the 'ublic Service shall require, and to convey, surrender, demise or grant te same unto the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in 'rust for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, accordingly; and such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, Leaies and greeraents, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and urposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies or Persons refuting her Persons hereby authorized to contract on behalf of themselves to fell or to ac-

others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in Considera-y such Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so marked out and Tw0Justfo:s rveyed for the Public Service, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days &c may put xt after Notice in Writing, subscribed by such Person or Persons Majesty's Of-thorized as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer ficersinto Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persons hereby autho- Possession, and ?d to cootraft on behalf of others or interested themselves as afore- shall^nd*1, or left at ^his, her or their usual Place of Abode, refuse or decline Compentauon. treat or agree/ pr by reason of Absence (hiB b# prevented from*Z z a treating

1

1, 1,

I

C. 128.

7<*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18IJ.

treating or agreeing with such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such Sum of Money as shall be offered by such Person or Persons as the Consideration for the absolute Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or such annual Rent or Sum as shall be offered for the Hire thereof, either for a time certain or for such Period as the Public Service may require, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid to require Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants (One of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace) or Two or more Deputy Governors for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place where such Lands or Hereditaments shall be, to put His Majesty's Officers into immediate Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments which such Justices or Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors are hereby required to do, and shall for that Purpose issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals commanding Possession to be so delivered, and shall also issue their Warrants to the Sheriffs of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place wherein such Lands or Hereditaments shall be situate, to summon a Jury, and every such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to summon and return a Jury properly qualified of the Number of Twenty four, and in the manner required by the Laws of England\ Ireland and Scotland respectively, who shall meet at some convenient Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Wcjbninsler and Dublin are drawn by Law in England and Ireland respectively, and in such manner as Juries are drawn by Law for the Trial of Offences in Scotland; and in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the said Sheriff shall choose others of the Bye-standers, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Governors respectively, may summon Witnesses, and adjourn any such Meeting if Jurymen or Witnesses do, not attend, and the Jury, on hearing any Witnesses and Evidence

that may be produced, shall on their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oatns of such Witnesses, the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants or Governors respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer) find the Compensation to be paid, either for the absolute Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Possession or Use thereof, as the case may be.

Appeal to Court V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Lord of Exchequer, if High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of In England or Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or any Person interested therein, shall be dissatisfied with the Verdict of any such JMry0t shall be lawful for them or their Attornies in England and, Jto ^apply to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster or Term next, and in Scotland to apply f finding any such Verdict to the C of Session, or Lord Ordinary on 1 ffcggeft to the^fiud CourtR

jrespectively in the teen Days after the itt Scotland in time of Vacation, and to

C.I2&.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

Jury shall be returned into the said Courts of Exchequer respectively 5 and if it shall appear to the said Courts to be proper, a Suggestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, and a Writ shall thereupon by Rule of such Court or Order of any Judge of such Court be directed to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in Two Counties, to the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon cither a Common or Special Jury, according to the Application that shall have been made on that behalf, and as the Court or as such Judge shall allow, and who shall respectively be qualified according to Law, to appear before the said Justice or Justices of Assize or Nisi Prius of that County at the next Assizes or Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen sooner than Twenty one Days after such Suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding Assizes or Sittings; and the Compensation to be paid either for the absolute Purchase or for the Possession or Use of such Lands or Hereditaments, as the case shall be, shall at such Assizes or Sittings be ascertained by such Jury, in like manner as any Damages may be enquired of upon any Inquisition or Enquiry of Damages by any Jury before any Judge of Assize or Nfi Prius, and the Verdict of such Jury shall be returned to the said Court of Exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said Court of Session or Lord Ordinary upon such Application so to do, the said Court or !, ord Ordinary shall order and direct the Sheriff of the County where uch Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in Two 'ounties, the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon another ury in the manner in which Juries are summoned in Scotland, pro-erly qualified according to Law, to appear before the Lords or ord of Judiciary at the next Circuit, if the same shall not happen )oner than Twenty one Days after such Application, otherwise at the ?xt succeeding Circuit 5 and the Compensation as aforesaid for the aads or Hereditaments, as the case may be, shall at such Circuit ? ascertained by a Jury drawn from the Jury summoned as aforesaid, in such manner as Juries are drawn in Scotland, under the Diction of the said Lords or Lord of Justiciary as aforesaid, and the erdidl of such last mentioned Juries shall be final and conclusive, thout being subject to Review or Challenge of any Kind, unless the >urt that shall have allowed such Enquiry shall think fit, on any pplication made within Four Days after the Commencement of the seeding Term or Session, if in Scotland, to order any new Trial relation thereto.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall lawful for any Jury impannelled before any Justice of the Peace Vfagistrate, or Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or before Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, to ascertain the Compensation be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and y are hereby required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to paid out of such Compensation to any Person or Persons having Interest as Lessees or Tenants at Will or otherwise, in any such ids or Hereditaments, and the Proportion to be paid out of such ipensation shall be returned on the Verdict: Provided also, that re any such Enquiry before any Judg* of Assize or Nisi Prius, lords or Lord of Justiciary, shall be had on the Application of such Lpflee or Tenant at Will, or other Person having any Z z 3 inferior

Jury in afeer-raining Compensation for Premises to settle Proportion to be paid Lessees, Sec.

Provif*.

7io

C. 128.

5* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Courts to require Security for Cods.

In cases where Lands taken for any Term of Years, all Erections for Public Service removed, on delivering up Lands to Owners.

inferior Interest in any such Lands or Hereditaments, ftho may havi been dissatisfied with the Proportion of Compensation settled by thi Jury to be paid in respect of such Interest, it shall ndt be lawful for the Jury in any such case to alter the Amount of the entire Compensation awarded by any former Verdict to be paid for such Land or Hereditaments, but only the Proportion thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons having separate Interest therein; and it shall nol be lawful for any Jury on any Enquiry had before any Judge 0! Assize or Nisi Prius or Lords or Lord of Judiciary, as to any fuel, Compensation, on the Application of the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, in any case in which the whole Compensation awarded by the former Jury, to alter the Proportion that shall have been settled by any such former Jury as to any separate Interest in any such Lands or Hereditaments.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge or Lord Ordinary, making any such Rule or Order, to require that the Party on whose Application the same shall be made, shall give such Security as shall to such Court, Judge or Lord Ordinary seem proper for Payment of Costs under such Circumstances as shall be specified in any Rule or Order made for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any

Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken under the Provisions of this Act, for any Term of Years or for such Period only as the Public Service shall require, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, at any time before the Possession of any Lands or Hereditaments which shall have been taken for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, to take down and remove all such Buildings or other Erections which shall or may have been built or erected thereon for the Public Service, and to carry away the Materials thereof, making such Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Hereditaments, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, for the Damage or Injury which may have been done thereto, or to the Soil thereof, by the Erection of any such Buildings, or removing and carrying away the same, or otherwise, in consequence of the same having been occupied for the Public Service, as the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral or such other Person or Persons authorized 'aforesaid shall think reasonable, and as shall be agreed behalf, and if

such Owner or Owners or other Person vr; Pdtfdns acting on his, her or their behalf, shall not be willing tO^fc^jp^tbcr Compensation so offered, it shall be lawful for the said!* A'-

missioners for executing the Office*for other Perfoq or PeTtons so au

'Admiral or Corn-Admiral afore/ftid, ind

k

C.n8.

711

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

[Proviso.]

settled and ascertained and certified shall forthwith be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, prejudice or affect any Agreement which hath been or shall or may be entered into by any such Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid with any Owner or Owners of any such Lands or Hereditaments, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her or their behalf, in relation to any such Buildings or Erections, but every such Agreement shall remain valid and effectual in like manner, as if this Act had not been passed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Money Purclwfe Money shall have been or shall be agreed or shall have been or shall be found belonging to in-by the Verdict of any Jury to be paid or given either for the Use or al, aCK8ted P*r" for the absolute Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments taken by Treasurer of*virtue of this Act, belonging to any Person or Persons under any Navy to Deputy Disability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein. Remembrancer the same shall be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for of Exchequer the time being, into the Hands of the Deputy of The King's Re- for their membrancer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster,

Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Discharge for the same, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who shall be named and described in such Certificate, and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, and a true Copy thereof signed by the Deputy Remembrancer of such Court shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Ireland, as the case may require, and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in or to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin, chequer, &c. 00 of the Degree of the Coif, for the time being respectively, or any ct, Von.of Two or more of therit, shall be and they are hereby authorized and ^orderAp! empowered in a summary Way upon Motion or by Petition, for and py, cation of - on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the - '

Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the Deputy Remembrancer or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money or any Part of the same, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds or upon Government or Real Securities,

Zz 4 and

Money paid int* Bank.

Barons of Ex-

Mouey.

712

C.X28* i2p* $5* GEO. III. A.D. 1815

and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof or any Part thereof, to the respective-Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken flood settled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the same can be done, or otherwise, concerning the disposing of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the Interest of the same or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled to and interested in the same respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

On Death or

XL. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Removal Removal of De- cf any such J)eputy Remembrancer, all Stocks and Securities vested trinccV. Snicksn by vh*tue of this Act shall vest in the succeeding Deputy and Securities to Remembrancer for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned without any vest in Sue- Alignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said Banks cessor. respectively in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of

any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

Where no De-

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case yuiv. Powers to The King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, vp!1 in King's then and in such case the several Trulls, Powers and Authorities, by Remembrancer, this Act vested in the said Deputy Remembrancer and his Successors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Remembrancer shall be appointed, be vested in and be executed by the said King's Remembrancer for the time being.

Ante, c. 30.

Sch (B.)

Edition at Drawback* of Excite allowed on Tobacco.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to increase the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Tobacco, and to limit the Tonnage of Ships in which Wine may be exported when Duties are drawn back.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Drawback allowed by an Act of the present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences for and in respect of

Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco and Carrot

Tobacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain, into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, ^vnthid Two Miles

thereof, are less in Proportion to the Duty by thpi^ud AfiLimposed

on Tobacco, than the same ought to hajte ^eo^anf) it, is therefore

expedient to grant the additional Dr^Khereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and QwS^i^f Lords Spiriti and* Temporal, and Commons, in - dyri^Mj^rliaineait raff

II i p iii if iMhjijij rit rrum.ffBBPfrrT ri' A

o

i:A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 129. 713

For every Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco manufactured at Drawback*, any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully {' be imported or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof from such Porta: to Foreign Parts, Two pence Farthing and One Tenth. Part of a

s Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco, so manufactured and exported, One Penny Three Farthings and Four Fifth Parts of a Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco, so manufactured and exported, Two pence Farthing and One Tenth Part of a Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported, One Penny Three Farthings and Four Fifth Parts of a Farthing.

II. And be it further enacted, That for all Short Cut Tobacco, Additional Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco and Carrot Tobacco, manufactured at Drawbacks al-any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully lowed on To-be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which bacco manufac-the Duties imposed by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament ports

in respect thereof, as well as all other Duties imposed for or in respect &c. from to-thereof by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, shall have been bacco for which paid, and exported before the passing of this Act as Merchandize Duties paid, ani by the Manufacturer thereof from any such Port, or to Foreign Parts, exported before under and subject to the Rules, Regulations and Provisions by Law* Dg 0 t# established for the Exportation of Tobacco on Drawback, there shall, in addition to the Drawback or Drawbacks by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament granted, be allowed and paid the additional Drawback by this Act granted on manufactured Tobacco of the like Sort.

III. And, to countervail the Drawbacks granted on manufactured

Tobacco, by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Ante, c. 30.

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for Sch. (B.)

granting to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff* and Excise Licences, and the additional Drawbacks granted on manufactured Tobacco by this Act, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Countervailing Duties j that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Countervailing'Growth or Produce of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Duties on Britain, Three pence: Tobacco.

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Roll Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny:

For

d >y

7*4

C129.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny: For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irish manufactured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Four pence Halfpenny

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Three pence Three Farthings

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Five pence Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Three pence Three Farthings:

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, Five pence Farthing:

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported form Ireland into Great Britain, Five pence Farthing.

Countervailing

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duties Duties how by this Act imposed shall be raised, levied, coilested, paid, applied levied. and accounted for in such and the like manner as the Countervailing

5a G. 3. c. 94. Duties on Tobacco and Snuff imposed by an Act made in the Fifty

second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, Hides and Tobacco and Snuff, are by any Law or Laws now in force to be raised, levied, collected, paid, applied or accounted for.

Additional V. And lt ^urt^er enacted, That the additional Drawbacks by

Drawhjcks paid this Act granted shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Ex-out of Duties on cife by Law imposed for or in respect of Tobacco, and under, sub-Tobacco. jest and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and

Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the 49 G. 3. c. 62. Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and

Snujff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tobacco on Ex cife Drawback.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Tonnage of Ships*and Vessels in which Wine may be exported on Drawback; Be Wine exported^therefore enacted, That no Wine on which the full Duties of for Drawback in Customs and Excise shall have been paid upon the Importation thereof Vessels of 70 into Great Britain, shall afterwards be exported for the Drawback in Tons or up- any ShiD or Vessel whatever, which shall not be of the Burthen of

55 GEO. III. C. 130.

7*5

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for further regulating the Issue and Payment of Money to His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of 48 g 3. c. 4*.

W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ac- celerating the Making-up, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Foroes, it was, amongst 3.

' other things, enacted, that in the Examination of the Annual

Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for

Monies paid, within the Period of the said Account, by his Depu-

tics on Foreign Stations, the Commissioners for auditing the Public

Accounts are directed and required to discharge the said Paymaster

General of all Sums of Money paid by any Deputy on any Foreign ' Station, under the Warrant of the Officer Commanding in Chief

on such Foreign Station: And Whereas it is expedient that Offi-

cere holding the Chief Command of Armies employed in active 1 Operations Abroad should, in certain cases, be relieved from the

Charge of personally signing all Warrants for the I{Tues from time

to time for the Service of such Armies; 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That not- Commander ia withstanding any thing in the said recited Act contained to the Chief on Fo- contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for any Officer holding the Chief ^"weretWo Command of an Army employed in active Operations Abroad, to a^horizea authorize and empower a Comptroller of Army Accounts (in case a Comptroller of Comptroller of Army Accounts shall be attached by the Lords Com- Army Accounu missioners of the Treasury for the time being to such Army), or in to fi8n War-the Event of no Comptroller of Army Accounts being attached to rants' such Army, or of the Death or Absence of any such Comptroller, then to authorize and empower such other Person as may be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury for that Purpose, to sign Warrants for the Issue and Payment of all Sums of Money which may from time to time be paid by any Deputy to the Paymaster General on Foreign Service, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the Examination of the Annual Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for Monies paid, within the Period of the said Account, by his Deputies on Foreign Stations, the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall and they are hereby directed and required to discharge the Paymaster General of all Sums of Money paid by any Deputy Abroad, under any Warrant of any such Comptroller of Army Accounts, or other Person duly appointed and authorized for the Purpose of signing such Warrants as aforesaid, in like manner as if the same had been signed by the Officer commanding in Chi6f, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Officer commanding in Chief, from signing such Warrants relating to the

Expen-

Commissioners of Audit to discharge Paymaster General of all Sums paid by Deputy under such Warrants.

Act not to prevent Commander in Chief

Ogning War- j

A.D. 18i

c. 130, 131.

55 GEO. III.

rants deemed expedient.

Warrants signed already, valid.

Expenditure of the Army under his Command, as he could or mig have done before the passing of this Act in all cases where he m; deem it expedient to sign himself such Warrants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Warrants which at ar time before the passing of this Act may have been signed by tl Comptroller of Army Accounts attached to His Majesty's Army; the Netherlands, or any other Person authorized to sign such Wai rants by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces then shall be as valid and effectual for all the Purposes of this Act, as: the same had been signed after the passing thereof.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for discontinuing certain Deductions from Half Pay3 and for further regulating the Accounts of the Paymaster General.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Deductions which are now made from the Half Pay and Military Allowances ' of Officers on the Establishment of Great Britain and Ireland should be discontinued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present His Majesty Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it

may direct that shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by War-no Deduction be rant un(jer His Royal Sign Manual, from time to time to direct, made from Ha f that the Half Pay and Military Allowances of Officers belonging to y> & the Establishment of Great Britain or Ireland Should be paid to such

Officers net and free from all or any of the Deductions which have heretofore been made from the same; and from and after the issuing of any such Warrant, all such Half Pay and Allowances shall be paid without any Deduction whatever; any thing in any Act or Sit. Acts of Parliament, in f Law or Regulation to the contrary notwithstanding.

48 G. 3. c. 49. 4

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for accelerating the Making-up, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of the Pay

53.4-master General of His Majesty's Forces, certain Rules are prescribed for annually making up as well the General Account of the said Paymaster General as separate Accounts of Monies received and

paid on Account of Half Pay of Chelsea Hospital, and of Pensions

on the Compassionate Lift: And Whereas it is expedient that the

Payment of Officers of the Army allowed to retire upon Foil Pay, of Pensions to Wounded Officers of the Army, of Pay of General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments, awl of His Majesty's

Royal Bounty to Relatives of deceased Oncers, of the Land

Foroes, Should, where not otherwise ordered$y; #e Secretary at

4 War, be made and accounted for in like the above mentioned Services of Half Pay# Chelsea

Lift Be it therefore enacted, That fflproafter General shall in the pnffipt Year and in every fiitn^HKfe^dea the separate Accounts dirfRed by the said Act, mamMjOfejeparate I of Monies receivecjl rn4paid' within tlfejgjj|^pmpazcd in*

- j of: in |"

Paymaster General to make up separate Account of Pay- made to

P1

Ized by Vj(

7T7

55 GEO. III.

c. 131, 132, 133.

the separate Accounts therein specified; and that fuchi other, separate of Pensions to Accounts directed by this Act shall be transmitted, exam1 ned and WoomM declared, and the said Paymaster General shall be discharged and ac- cer*fcc* quitted thereon, in the same manner in all respects as is by he said recited Act provided with regard to the separate Accounts ^hereby directed to be made up.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parlia- 54 G. 3, c. 149.

W ment, intituled An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade of Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and it is expedient that the said Act

Should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby further continued continued from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and continue in force from thence until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act to grant further Powers to the Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals with respect to Pensions on those Establishments.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of 510.3. c. 109.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to em-

power the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to commute Pensions for

a Sum of Money in certain Cases: And Whereas it is expedient to 1 enlarge the Powers granted by the said recited Act; Be it therefore enacted by The King*s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Agent for the rn Addition to time being of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and he is Commutation in hereby empowered and required to pay and discharge, by accepting, ieu of Pensions and paying Bills of Exchange, or otherwise, as may be ordered and 'gllc"*" jjf.V directed by the Commissioners of the said Hospital in that behalf, charged^oldier* otftof the Funds provided by Parliament for the Use of Chelsea Hof- allowed.

pital, in addition to the Commutation in lieu of Pension allowed by the said Act, all such contingent Expences as have already been incurred, or as may be hereafter incurred, on account of such dif-charoed Soldiers as have been or may be permitted to commute their Pensions as aforesaid, whether for Passage. Money, Shiga* Provisions,

Subsistence while detained by competent Authority at any Station Abroad, LojTes by Exchange upon Bills drawn on the said Agent for the commuted Pension, or on any other Account, provided such Exjpitei shall have been duly incurred-by or under any Regulations

'J- or

78

C.I33-

5j GEO. Iir.

A.D. 1815.

Commissioner* of Chelsea Hospital to make Arrangements for paying Pensions Abroad.

Power of Act* exercised by Lord Lieute-Rant.

Commissioner*

of Greenwich Hospital to ap-

or Orders made and prescribed in that behalf by His Majesty's Secretary at War; and the Payments so made by the said Agent and vouched by Bills or Receipts for the same shall be accordingly allowed and admitted in his Accounts by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of CheU sea Hospital shall be and they are hereby empowered and required to make Arrangements for the Purpose of enabling Out Pensioners who may be permitted to reside out of the United Kingdom, but within His Majesty's Dominions, to receive the Amount of their Pensions abroad, either by means of Bills of Exchange, to be drawn by such Out Pensioners upon the Agent of Chelsea Hospital, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners may deem most expedient.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or the Governors of Kilmainham Hospital, to use and apply all the Powers, Authorities and Provisions of the said recited Act and of this A<d, and all Rules and Regulations which may be made in pursuance thereof, as they may respectively deem it expedient to use and apply, to the allowing to dafeharged Soldiers, placed on the Pension Lift of the said Hospital, who may be desirous of commuting their Pensions, to commute such Pensions in such and the like cases in which such Commutation is allowed by the Taid Ad or this Act, in like manner in every respect as if the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or the Governors of Kilmainham Hospital, had been included in the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, and as if all such Rules and Regulations had been made by them respectively in pursuance thereof.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners and ' Governors of Greenwich Hospital should be authorized and empowered to apportion the Pensions that may be granted to Petty

Officers, Seamen and Marines, as well by the Length of their Ser- vice on board the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty as by their

Service in His Majesty's Army, and that the Commissioners of ' Chelsea Hospital should have the like Power and Authority with respect to the granting Pensions to Non Commissioned, Officers and ' Soldiers for previous Service in His Majesty^ Navy, or as Non ' Commissioned Officers or Soldiers in the Royal Marines; Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, upon all Applications to be hereafter made to them by any Person or Persons

accord?n^tofinS ck'm*n Pensions on Account of their Services in Hig

accordin Length of Service.

Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to apportion Ptafion* a to

iff*-

JtitB Majesty

Navy', to apportion the Pensions which shall be granted to Rich Person or Persons in their Discretion according to their Length Service, allowing in the Apportionment of such Penfipng as the said Person or Persons shall have served into the Navy or Marines) either as a Private Marine, or as a Non Commissif in any of His MajestyV Land Forcejs.

Cdr<his entering jbned Officer or Private Soldier

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 133, 134. 71$

their Length of Service, allowing in the Apportionment of such Pensions all such time as the said Person or Persons shall have served (previously to his entering into His Majesty's Army) either as a Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman in His Majesty's Fleet, or as a Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for altering the Rate at which The Crown may exes-cife its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there is Lead.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 & 6 W. & M.

W of Their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, c. 6.

intituled An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning

4 Royal Mines, Owners of Mines within the Kingdom of England,  a.

Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein

any Ore should be discovered, and in which there is Copper, Tin,

' Iron or Lead, are authorized to hold and enjoy the same Mines and Ore, and to continue in Possession thereof, and to dig and

work the said Mines, notwithstanding that such Mines or Ore should be pretended or claimed to be Royal Mines subject to a

Right in Their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and all $ I*

claiming any Royal Mines under them, to have the Ore of any such Mines in any Part of the said Kingdom of England^ Dominion ' of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, other than Tin Ore in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, paying to the Proprietors or

Owners of the said Mines certain Rates contained in the said Act,

in the manner and according to the Limitations specified in the said recited Act: And Whereas the Rate therein directed to be paid for all Ore wherein there is Lead is in consequence of the Lapse of Time and Change of Circumstances since the passing of the said recited Act become inadequate to the increased Expence of raising the same, and it is reasonable therefore that the same should be increased May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this5l* per Ton Act, the Rate which shall be paid by His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- ^to^c*h cessors, and all claiming any Royal Mines under them, in exercising Majesty, the Right of Pre-emption given them by the said recited Act, as far &c. may extras respects any Ore wherein there is Lead, shall be Twenty five cife Right of Pounds per Ton for all Ore waffied, made clean and merchantable. Pre-emption of wherein there is Lead, instead of the Rate of Nine Pounds per Ton ^ereisLead. as by the said recited Act is directed; any thing in the said recited Dere Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such increased Rate shall be paid, subject to the Provisions and according to the Regulations contained in the said recited Act, and now in force, with regard to ths said original Rate of Nine Pounds per Ton.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

C.i3j.

49 G. 3. c. 98. f 38-

Conditions under which Blubber and Train Oil of Newfoundland admitted to Entry.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to alter the Conditions and Regulations under which Blubber and Train Oil of Newfoundland are admitted to Entry.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Conditions and Regulations contained in an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, under which Blubber and Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, were to be admitted to Entry as such, should be

altered j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, before any Blubber and Train Oil imported into Great Britain, as being taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty imposed on such Blubber or Train Oil by the said recited Act, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Deputy Governor of Newfoundland, or of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Culloms of the Port or Place in Newfoundland where the Train Oil or Blubber shall have been taken on board, or if no such Officer or Governor or Deputy Governor shall be residing the re, then a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer or other principal Officer of the said Port or Place, or of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the District, testifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath and to grant such Certificate) by the Shipper of such Blubber or Train Oil that the same was really and bona fide the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery, and usually residing in the Island of Newfoundland, or in His Majesty's European Do-minion9;and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the Blubber or Train Oil shall be imported into Great Britain shall make Oath before such Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same) that the Blubber or Train Oil so imported is the same as mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate; and the Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of such Blubber or Train Oil shall also make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller or other proper Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), at the time of Entry, that to the best of his

7*

m

ulations ntb; Hand are sfch

Condnioci k!' in the Fauml': uled Miiyrs. It in Grate i nder Tvhkiuiara Hurts

5 of Ktz'xz  cancjcasn

EqtlUfitf custitLmsp^iyastStfe* rss sc drib 1st: UfiS^bnr

?rj6, $ its? Hf.: r ris! ad ftrti: r:: kiF&crf - shJtdm

kb ileal Ad,

eCbr^iW

afOfarsfiMi

'oriiteHaiz.

r.fa^Jate

iiTscftkfat: rMntelpt '

{CTflfftpltT

; fa!: bs proixed kpo^OI lijeFlhW jbwBlcVfe

ranfetiriOtf

: UNfe>

eiVnfi-ct^Fi

nforiobb

C."rn^ brteih' yfeGargf Train Oi

befote (dc* > bon (ils!) tk # aoro and

A.D. 181j. 55 GEO. III. C. 135, J36, 137,

or their Knowledge and Belief the Blubber or Train Oil so imported was actually caught and taken by British Subjects usually residing in the Island of Newfoundland, or in His Majesty's European Dominions; and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, such Blubber and Train Oil shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fishing, and charged with the Duty imposed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty on such Articles of Foreign Fishing.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital of Kilmainham.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Payment in Advance as heretofore made to 1 W Out Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital for so long a

Period as Six Months has, through the Improvidence of such ' Pensioners, been found to produce great Inconvenience; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Hospital of KiU mainbam to make such Regulation in relation to the Payment in Advance to Out Pensioners upon their First Admission on the Pension Lift of any of such Proportions of their Pensiona at the time of Admission as the said Commissioners shall see fit, and for the Payment of the Residue of such Pensions for the current Quarter upon the Arrival of Pensioners at their Places of residence as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners appear best adapted to prevent improvident Expenditure of such Pensions, and the consequent Distress of such Pensioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby further authorized and directed to make all subsequent Payments of such Pensions by Quarterly Payments in Advance instead of by Half-yearly Payments; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[&r as to Payment of Pensions by Commissioners of Kilmainham HospitaU 47 G. 3. Sejf. 2. c. 5. See as to Relief of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, antey r. 125.]

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to prevent Poor Persons in Workhouses from em* bezzling certain Property provided for their Use; to alter and amend so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of1 His present Majesty, as restrains Justices of the Peace from ordering Relief to Poor Persons in certain cases for a longer Period than One Month at a Time; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating to the Poor.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS many Persons, received into Public TJTorkhouses

established for the Relief, Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, pawn and dispose of their Clothes and Apparel, and Vthe Goods and Chattels deposited in or belonging to Inch Work-

55'GEfeIIL 3 A*housea;

Commissioners to make Regulations for Advance to Out Pensioners on First Admission as they think fit, &c.

Pensions paid Quarterly.

C.I37-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Property in Goods, &c. provided for Use of Poor verted in Overseers.

Not to repeal Provisions in Local Acts.

Parish Officers may cause Goods,c. to be marked.

Taking in Pawn, Buying, ttc. Property provided for Poor by Parish Officers

houses 5 and Poor Persons relieved by having Clothes and Apparei

given them by the Officers of Parishes, frequently pawn and fell

the same; and by the Laws now in force no Punishment can b( ' inflicted on them, or on the Person or Persons buying or receiving ' the same into Pawn; For Remedy whereof. May it please Youi Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Property of and in all and singular the Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things whatsoever, had and to be had, bought, procured or provided for the Use of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, shall be and the same is hereby vested in the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places for the time being, and their Successors in Office, for rfie Purposes of this Act, who are hereby empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take or carry away, or buy or receive any Cuch Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Furniture, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials or Things whatsoever as afore-ffiid, or any Part thereof j and in every such Action and Indictment rile said Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things, shall be laid or describt d to be the Property of the Overseers of the Poor for the time being of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, without Hating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Overseers: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, whereby the Property of and in any such Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things is Or may be veiled in any other Person or Persons jointly with, or independent of the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, !pownship or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor, other Person or Persons who may be appointed for the ordering, ulating, managing or providing for the Poor of any Parish or irishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or aces jointly with or independent of such Overseers of the Poor, shall may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all A Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, s, Utensils, Materials and Things, capable of being marked, from time to time belonging to such Overseers, or other Person ^Persons, to be marked, stamped or branded with the Word ^orkhouse, " and such other Mark or Marks as they shall think cr for identifying the Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, det or Hamlets, Place or Places, by which the same shall have provided: And if any Pawnbroker or other Person or Persons all knowingly take in Pawn, buy, exchange or receive any Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Clothes, Linen, Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials and Things, provided for the Use of any of the

Poor

sring Chtlnaiip frequently psii ce no Pusifhsats!] ersons buyiag eras* eteof, Miy it flali it enacted ifflifi? e Advice asiDesi Comm, pi ityof tkfalki wds, Chifes, Apparel, 14^ itobfbifep of any Paiam lets, Plan rfeenoftiePniid pi, Haber: irSuccfesOk* empcid !s fy wqHsfHtt, shntmxE]^rare sirs Aoasl&hst utkinljkki borfartkaefe? or^Has I fpdfeitfc; j of ik Pranks MPipij feCkk litslTkp hriati* safe sr> i tk?w. iottkstfe if nr Pais nks, ft if 'j i*0 iSfif* ill lyAfipel, sj aided, Jier Person j the Viori [ lUltlml TowndiipSi iMli or Pe&, nyC*4 rei, sji ik ' Poor A.D. 1$i J$ GEO. III. C. 137.' 723 Poor Who are or shall be received into the Workhouse of any Pari Hi or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, or to whom the same shall have been given by the Overseers" of the Poof, or other such Person or Persons as aforesaid appointed as aforesaid, of or for any such Pariftt or Parishes, Township 01* Townihijw, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, or any of them, Or any of the Goods, or Materials carried into any such Workhouse Or Workhouses to be wrought up, manufactured or used by the Poor there, or any of the Goods or Furniture of such Workhouse or Workhouses j or shall receive or buy any of the Provisions allotted to or provided for the Poor of such Workhouse or Workhouses, 0^ shall be aiding or assisting the rein^or if any Person or Persons shall Defacing, &c. &use such Mark or Stamp, Jlarks or Stamps, as aforesaid, to be Marks, &c. obliterated or defaced, every Person so offending shall forfeit fot* tery such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, Penalty, itor less than One Pound upon Conviction thereof, either by the Confession of such Person or Persons, or by the Oath of One 01* Aiore credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Riding 6r Division wherein the Offence or Offences shall be committed; One Moiety of which said Penalty shall go to the Iuformer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall go and be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Pariffv or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places to which such Articles or Things ittay belong, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be convicted as On Non Pay-aforesaid shall not pay such Penalty or Penalties upon Conviction, mept of Penalty, flien and in such case such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and fittedmcom' may and is and are hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, thfere to Certain without Bail- or Mainprize for any Space of time not exceeding Two Calendar Months; and if any Person or Persons shall Absconding with desert or run away from any Workhouse or Workhouses, and carry Workhouse away with him, her or them, any Clothes, Linen or] other Goods or ^tg^rty cora" Things as aforesaid, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully Convicted either by the ConfelTion of such Party or Parties, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall by such Justice or Justices of the Peace be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and in all cases such Mark, &c. on Mark, Stamp or Brand, on ajiy such Articles or Things as aforesaid Articles Eyi-fbeing duly authenticated) shall be considered and taken to be fuf-ncient Evidence, without further Proof, of the Right of Property HowMariic put in such Overseers or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, on Wearing as the case may be: Provided always, that such Mark 6r Stamp as Apparel-aforesaid shall not at any time be placed on any Articles of Wearing Apparel so as to be publicly visible on the Exterior of the same.*III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year 36 G. 3. c. 13. e of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act so attend so*mock of afr A3 made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George*the Firj}, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to me*tttAtntf Employment and Relief of the Poor, as prevents the 3 A 2*distri-

It'

13-

Time for which Justices may order Relief to Poor Persons at their own Homes extended.

Justices making Orders may di-re& Payment of Relief to be discontinued.

Limitation of

Allowances,

distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Housu,

+under certain Circumstances and in certain Cases, Justices of the Peace are authorized and empowered to direct and order Collection and Relief to industrious Poor Persons at their Homes, in any

+Parish, Town, Township or Place, notwithstanding any Contract shall have been entered into or made with any Person or Persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining and employing any and all Poor Persons there, in a House or Houses for such Purpose hired or purchased; Provided that such Order should be given for and remain in force for a time not to exceed One Month from the Date of such Order, but that any Two Justices might make any further Order for the same or a like Purpose for any further time not exceeding One Month, and so on from time to time as the Occasion should require: And Whereas it is expedient that Justices should be empowered to order Relief to be paid to Poor Persons, in the cases mentioned in the said Act, for longer Periods than One Month

at a Time, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in the cases and in the manner mentioned in the said Act, to direct and order Collection and Relief to be paid to any Poor Person or Persons, at his, her or their Home or Homes, House or Houses during such time or times as to such Justice or Justices may seem proper, not exceeding Three Months from the Date of such Order: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for any Two such Justices as aforesaid, to make any further Order for the same or the like Purpose, for any further time not exceeding Six Months from the Date of such Order, and so on from time to time as the Occasion shall require; such Justice or Justices first administering an Oath as to the need and cause of such Relief, in each of the above cases, and thereupon summoning the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Township or Place, to be charged with such Relief, to shew cause why such Poor Person or Persons should not receive such Relief in manner as by Law provided, in cases where no Contract for lodging, keeping and maintaining the Poor shall have been made; and in case it shall afterwards appear to the Justice or Justices making such Order, that the Payment of such Collection or Relief to any such Person or Persons as aforesaid ought to be discontinued before the Expiration of the time for which any such Order or Orders shall have been made, such Justice or Justices shall and may order such Relief to be discontinued, and from thenceforth the Person or Persons for whom and on whose Account such Order shall have been made, shall not be entitled to ask or receive the same.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money which any such Justice or Justices shall or may order to be paid to any such Poor Person or Persons, for any longer Space or Period of Time than One Month, shall not exceed for each such Poor Person the Slim of Three Shillings per Week, or Three fourths of the Average weekly Expence which shall be usually borne or paid by the Parish or Place on which such Order shall be made for the Maintenance of each Poor Person, in any Workhouse or Work-houses in which Poor Persons of or belonging to such Parish or Place shall be usually maintained and employed.

t, A.D. 1815. J J GEO. III. C. 137. 725

trfm in iltirmh iajn Cfl/w, Jdm direct and order Cfcs at their Hm;: '.withstaiidi^jsjfa rith any PerfecrB roployingaj^iifi for such P^ofeSB-should be jnksk DneMoiitliaik might ntrise'for ay Mrarat roetoteniria lbttkii!^ lidtoPoarftkri ^PeiwhtbOi^ f the Wris >M, stId; 3fthrfer, Etkflj H Malts tfiysafftseit Hskfeiffai ajapstaaoSl

Jmsx&ito

'Iskhpib

heihtolUO^

yaM^a;

jts^Kiuits*

', J>Jfrcerij

Ki^'aBKI

d'vkiU

igBQtM*

if

"ore the Eipaos iUkteheami' Re&f ta he 0-sforioani :,) Math

st Sum or1 craayotds InprSpsj for each (ai Three tel illybonei he naif*. ifcorM-j aiil/ft8

f, AiI

V. And Whereas Persons maintained in Public Workhouses

sometimes refuse to work, or are guilty of Drunkenness and other

Misbehaviour, and by the Laws in being no sufficient Punishment

' is provided for such Offences; Be it therefore enacted, That in Misbehaving in case any Person or Persons maintained in any Public Workhouse or Workhouses. Workhouses established for the Relief, Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, shall refuse to work at any Work, Occupation or Employment, suited to his, her or their Age, Strength and Capacity, or shall be guilty of Drunkenness or other Misbehaviour, every such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall thereupon by such Justice or Justices of Imprisonraent. the Peace be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Period of time not exceeding Twenty oneOays, and during such time to be kept to hard Labour.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty Persons having fifth Day of March next after the passing of this A6\, no Church- Management of warden or Overseer of the Poor, or other Person or Persons in whose Pnr> not con* Hands the Collection of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, or the ^on'

providing for, ordering, Management, Controul or Direction of the whilst in Office Poor of any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, shall or may be placed jointly with or independent of such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall, either in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, provide, furnish or supply for his or their own Profit, any Goods,

Materials or Provisions, for the Use of any Workhouse or Workhouses, or otherwise, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, in any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, for which he or they shall be appointed as such, during the time which he or they shall retain such Appointment, nor shall be concerned, direCUy or indirectly in furnishing or suppling the same, or in any ContraCh or Contracts relating thereto, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, with Penalty, full Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westm\nsler> in which Action or Actions 110 Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that if it shall happen in Excepdons. any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets,

Place or Places, that a Person or Persons competent and willing to undertake the Supply of any of the Articles or Things required for such Workhouse or Workhouses, or for the Use of the Poor there, cannot be found within a convenient Distance therefrom, other than and except some or One of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Person or Persons having the ordering, managing,

Controul or Direction of the Poor, in such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more neighbouring Justices of the Peace (Proof thereof having been first duly made before them upon Oath, and which Oath such Justices Oath* or any One of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) by Certificate under their Hands and Seals, to permit Certificate, and suffer any One or more of such Churchwardens and Overseers or

3 A 3 other

7 26

C.?37* 55r GEO. III. A.D. 18ri;

other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to contract and agree for the furnishing and supplying of any Articles or Things which maybe required for such Workhouse or Workhouses, or otherwise, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, during the time which he or they may retain such Appointment; any thing herein contained to Certificate en- the contrary notwithstanding; and such Certificate shall be entered leied* with the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk of the County, City,

Town or District, in which such Person or Persons shall reside, and a Copy thereof left with him, for which Entry every such Clerk shall Fee* receive One Shilling and no more; and from that time, every Person and Persons named in any such Certificate shall be discharged from any Penalty to which he or they would otherwise be liable under this Act, for furnishing or supplying-any such Articles or Things as aforesaid; and in case any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any such Penalty as aforesaid shall be commenced against any Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall have been granted as afore-Pleading. said, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to

plead generally, that he or they was or were duly discharged from any Liability to such Forfeiture, by a Certificate granted according to the Provisions of this Act; and upon due Proof being given of such Certificate, and of such Entry thereof as aforesaid, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant in such Action or Suit; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, or if Judgment shall be had against him, her or them, on Demurrer, then the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall

given.

[Double Costs.]

have Double Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for the Recovery of the same as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath for recovering Coils of Suit in any other cases by Law.

Notice of Con-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, tracts for supply- from and after the passing of this Act, when and io often as any L^vi^0r^0UleS Contract or Contracts shall be made or enterodbioto &Fthe providing, furnishing or supplying any Articles, Materials or Things for the Use of the Poor in the Workhouse or Workhouses of or belonging to any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet cur Hamlets, Place or Places, or for the eroding of any Building or Buildings, the Expence whereof is to be defrayed out of any Rate or Rates or other Monies applicable to the Relief of the Poor, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Person or Persons having the Management, Controul or Direction of the Poor in such Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place or Places, shall cause Notice of their Intention to enter into Inch Contract or Contracts, and of the Time and Place when and where they shall a(R ruble and meet for such Bunpose, and of the Security which will be required for the Performance of such Contract or Contracts, to be affixed in a conspicuous manner on the outeft*, JJoor of the Church or respective Churches to which such Parish or parishes, Township or Town ships, Hamlet or Hamlets, Place dl Paces, shall belong, or to be inforted in one or more of the PukT GwipaparSt >11 generally circulated in the Neighbu oo4^hya-at^ttjjp lead previous to such Mating, in order j "

ti A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 137, 138. 7*7

5 such Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Person or Persons as

aforesaid, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace Form of Con-before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence viaion. against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up

in the following Form, or to the like Effect j that is to say,

: be it remembered, That on the Day of

' in the Year of our Lord

1 A. 3. is duly convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of 4 [or, City, or, Liberty, of as the case

may be-] of having [ihere state the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal

[or, our Hands and Seals, as the case may he'] the Day and Year first above written.*

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to Want of Form, all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed or set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any other Form of Words whatever; nor shall the same be removed by Certiorari or any Certiorari, other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Appeal, or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General or Quarter Session3 of the

Peace to be held for the County, City or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; such Person or Persons at the time of his, her or their Conviction entering into a Recognizance, with Two Recognizance, sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions, to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary way, and make such Order therein as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions shall be finil and conclusive.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Forest: of Exmoor otherwise Exmore, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for inclosing the said Forest.

[4th July 1815.]

WHEREAS The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, isfeifed to Himself, his Heirs and Successors,

of the Forest or Chace of Exmoor otherwise Exmore, situate in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, containing by Estimation Twenty two thousand four hundred Acres of Land, or thereabout,

now lying open and uninclosed, subject to such Rights of Common

and other Rights as the several Persons herein after mentioned are

entitled to, within, upon or over the said Forest; and His Majesty is also seised in His Demesne as of Fee, of and in a certain Farm called Simons Bath Farm, situate within the said Forest, containing 1 by E&ua&tiOB One hundred and eight Acres Two Roods, which

3 A 4 ' Farm

Decision fiual.

31400 Acres. '

Farm of 108 Acres, 3 Roods.

I

C. 138.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Farm is inclosed, and separated and divided from the said Open

and Uninclosed Lands: And Whereas the Whole of thesaidFonest 'is Extraparochial: And Whereas Sir Thomas Dyke Aeland is or

claims to be entitled to all Tithes arising, renewing and increasing

within the said Forest: And Whereas the Right Honourable Henry

George Earl of Carnarvon, the said Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, John Palmer Chichester Esquire, Thomas Thornton Esquire, ' William Moggridge St aw ell Clerk, and divers other Persons, are ' Owners or Proprietors of certain Estates in the Parishes of Hawkridge and Whitby Poole, in the said County of Somerset, adjoining to the said Forest, and as such Owners owe Suit and Service at the ' Swainmote Courts of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, he d for

and within the said Forest, and are called by the Names of Free Suitors, and by ancient and remote Custom are entitled to departure

annually on the said Forest certain Numbers of Sheep and Cattle,

and to cut and take certain Quanties of Turf, Heath and Fern,

for the Consumption of their Houses, and are also entitled to fish

in the Rivers within the said Forest: And Whereas the Owners or Proprietors of certain old inclosed Tenements, situate within the several Parities of Haw bridge and Whitby Poole, Exford, Stockperoy Porlock Culbone, Oaret Bren don, Linton, Challacombe,

4 High bray, North Moltont Twit chin, Mollandy Wins ford, Dulvertont Luckham, Cut combe, Wooton, Courtenay, Countesbury, IVef AnRcy, East Anjley, Martinkoe, Charles, Bishops Nympton, Eafi Buck land and Parracombey or some of them, in the said Counties of Somerset and Devont who have been accustomed or ought to pay Quit or

Chief Rents to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and who owe Suit and Service at the Swainmote Courts within the said Forest,

have or claim to have a Right, for their respective Tenants or

Occupiers of such old inclosed Tenements, to turn out and depasture their Sheep and Cattle upon the said Forest, upon Payment of certain Sums in respect thereof: And Whereas an Act was

41 G.3, (U.K.) 4 passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c. 109. - 4 intituled An Act for consolidating A3 in one certain Provisons

usually inserted in Acts of Inelosurey and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa3s usually required on the passing of such Acts: And Whereas the said Open and Uninclosed Lands, in their present State, are of little Value to His Majesty, or to the several Persons having such several Claims or Rights thereon as

aforesaid; and it would be of great Advantage to His Majesty and f the Public in general, and be advantageous to the several Persons* having such Claims or Rights as aforesaid, if the said Forest were ft divided, and specific Shares or Parts thereof were allotted to His Majesty, and the several Persons entitled to and/"

fame, under the Directions and subject,

Restrictions in this and the said recited Y# beneficial Purposes cannot be effectuallyj lout the Aid and Authority of Parliam "J pur Majesty that it may be enacted; an>

|oft Excellent Majesty, by and with-

"ordt Spiritual and Temporal, am'

at assembled, dud by the Aaf "^B^MAdgei in the -

Ybite

Commissioners

appointed.

in the >08 and fbut such ltd with-Forepleaft The KingY ^.- Consent of uu$*&ni8 present Pm it, That pj&m*

Jed by

i; A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 138. 725*

Gentleman, and their Successors, to be nominated and appointed in ? manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed 1 Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Forest, i and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such manner as is herein after provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act, as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act Commissionert in the Execution of any of the Powers by the said recited Act or this sworn*

Act granted save and except in the signing and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners) until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, in addition to the Oath by the said recited Act directed to be taken, such Oath to be administered and 41 G. 3. (U.K.) inrolled in like manner as the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed c* I09-  x to be taken by Commissioners for executing Acts of Inclosure is directed to be administered and inrolled: Which additional Oath shall be in the Words or to the Effed following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, Oath.

do solemnly affirm], That- am neither Proprietor or Occupier 4 of, nor to the bell of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guardian,

Steward or Agent for any Proprietor of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands or Grounds, or other Person having or claiming any Right of Common, or any Manorial Rights, Tithes, or any other Right or Interest whatsoever, in, over or upon the Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands to be inclosed By virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act \here insert the Title of this Act.']

So help me GOD.*

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Richard Appointment of Hawkins, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commis- new Com-fioner in his room or Head by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse or missioners. neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner

in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity to act as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the room or Head of the said Richard Hawkins, or of such other v Person nominated and appointed in his room or Head, so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said Thomas Abraham, or any Person to be nominated and appointed in his room or Head by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to ift in the Execution of the said recited Act and this. Ad, then and n every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, 1 rvitlua One Calendar Month next after such Death, Neglect, Refuted

or

C. 138. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181j

or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, summon a Mectir; (of which Meeting Twenty one Days* Notice by Advertisemen mall be given in the Taunton Journal and Woolmer*s Newspaper, i then published, or if not, then in some other Newspaper usuall] circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Forest) of all and ever) the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to b< holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice; and thi major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall b< present in Person, or by their respective Agents or Proxies dulyau. thorized for that Purpose, at such Meeting or Meetings (such Value, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the same, to be afeer. tained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the several Parishes or Places wherein the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall lie, in respect whereof such Owners or Proprie. tors claim such Rights as aforesaid) shall and they are hereby required, at such Meeting, to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the room or Head of the said Thomas Abraham, or of such other Person to be nominated

If Commissioners of Woods, or Proprietors of Lands, &c. neglect to appoint new Commissioners within time prescribed, acting Commis-tfoner to make Appointment.

Commissioners neglecting to attend Meetings, &c. considered as Refusal to act.

and appointed in the room or Head of him so dying, refusing, neg. lesting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such case shall happen; and every such Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Persons claiming such Rights, or any of them, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by them or any of them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective times for that Purpose limited, and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of such respective times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the room or Head of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, or any Commissioners to be nominated or appointed under or by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution,

j- MX i*t$. GEO- III. C. 138. 731

and duly qualify himself, by taking and subscribing the Oath pre-

2 scribed in that behalf; or if either of the said Commissioners shall, at

any time after the First Meeting, wilfully absent himself from any I Three successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at any such Meeting or Meetings; or if any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed, shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings shall not attend the Whole of the Third next successive Meeting, ltich Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meetings, then and in every such cases, such Ab-(ence or Nonattendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk riapfintrj^of Clerks to assist them in the Execution of the said recited Act and W or this Act, and shall and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Room, as to them shall seem

meet; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, or declining or neglecting to act of any such Clerk or Clerks, then and in any of such cases, the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons they may think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise Appointment of between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Matter UmP, re*

or Thing to be done by them by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, whereupon the said Commissioners shall differ in Opinion, then and in every such case, such Difference shall be forthwith reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Commissioners, and the same shall be thereupon referred to John Br'tckdale of Stoodley, in the County of Devon, Esquire, who is hereby appointed Umpire for that Purpose ? and in case of the Death, Refusal or Disability to act of the said John Brickdale, or of any other Umpire appointed or to be appointed in his stead, then to such 6t and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint; and the Matter upon which such Difference of Opinion shall or may arise, shall be settled and determined by the said John BrtckdaU o? fuckothi&Person as aforesaid, whose Determination shall be reduced into

A.D. 181

G. 138.

55 GEO. III.

Umpire to take Oath.

Oath.

into Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Part whomsoever (except as to such Right of Appeal as is given by t said recited Act or this Act); and for the Purposes aforesaid, but n for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have, and he is herd veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as by the said recit< Act and this Act are given to or vested in the said Commissioners.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfc shall be capable of acting as Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall ban taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the ElFeft following that is to say,

J do swear, That I will faith

*9fully, impartially and honelily, according to the belt of mj

Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers and

Authorities vested and reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue ofan Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George f the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or

( Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whom-< soever. So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered to adrainiller; and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the final Award of the said Commissioners.

Surveyors how

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful appointed. to and for the Commissioners for the time being, of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons (not inferelled in the said Division) to be the Surveyor or Surveyors for viewing, surveying and measuring the open Commonable Grounds and Walle Lands in the said Forest; and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to view, survey and measure the said Forest and the Open Commonable Parts thereof, and to describe and lay down the same, by way of Map or Plan, or to use for that Purpose any Map or Plan, or Maps or Plans already made, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the said Open and Commonable Grounds and Walle Lands; and that when a'nd so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they shall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Ten Days* Notice at the least shall be given unto each of the iaid Commission-Survey delivered ers; at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver to Commission- unto the said Commissioners present at fuchi Meeting, his or their ers, and eeruBed Survey and Plan and Book of Reference, and (hill subscribe the same on a with his or their Name or Names in thejygjfece of the said Commissioners. who shall atteil the same.

Surveyor to take Oath.*

missioners, who shall atteil the same.

X. And be it further enacted, veyor in of any of

m

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 138.

T do swear, [or, being one of Oath.

X the Persons called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will

faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my

Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Authorities

veiled and reposed in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled [here insert the Title of this without Favour or

1 Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whom-

soever. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer; and the said Oath, when so taken, shall be written on Parchment and subscribed by the said Surveyor, and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be mrolled with the final Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Election of new said Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any Surveyors in succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed in manner herein- "cfe ot Deat

after mentioned, shall die, refuse, neglect to act, or become incapable C*

of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, Neglect or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor so dying, refusing or neglecting to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and mail be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners If Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Re- of Woods, &c. venues, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any Sur- "e5le^ to aP-veyor or Surveyors so directed to be nominated and appointed by of'

: hem as aforesaid, within the time for that Purpose limited, and in UIJder to manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the appoint.

'aid Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and

his Act, and they are hereby required from time to time, by Writing

inder their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after the Ex-

liration of the time so allowed for nominating and appointing any new

and succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and

appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any such Surveyor so dying, refusing or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid;

and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like

Wm and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally appointed a

surveyor under and by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Surveyor Time for exe-all have^jaade and delivered his Survey of the said Forest to the cuting Act.

said j

C. 13$.

3s Geo. m.

A.D. 18jj

Commissioners'

Allowance.

Commissioners, Proprietors and others to pay their own Expellees at Meetings.

First and other Meetings, and Notices given ot time.

said Commissioners in mariner hereinbefore directed, they the fail Commi {Sorters shall proceed in the Execution of this Act with al possible Dispatch; and that their first Award shall be made withii Two Years after they shall receive the said Survey from the fai( Surveyor; and that their final Award shall be made within Foui Years after the passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid tc each and every of the said Commissioners, and also to the Umpire for the time being, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings and no more, for each and every Dav's actual Attendance touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, and in travelling to and from such Meetings, including all Charges and Expences whatsoever, except the Money actually paid for the Room or Rooms wherein such Meetings shall be held, and for the Servants attending, such Meetings; and that no Commissioner or Umpire shall require or be entitled to receive any Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, except the said Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings pet Day; and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioners and Umpire shall thereout pay their own Expences > and that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall also pay their own Expences when they or any of them mail attend any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act; and that the Surveyor and Clerk to be appointed in manner aforesaid shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money per Day, or otherwise, for their respective Pains and Trouble in attending the said Commissioners or Umpire in the Execution of this Act, act to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and in all cases i which the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors to any Act, Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any- Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by his, her or their respective Agents or Proxies duly appointed by Writing under his, her or their Iand or Hands, whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as.if such Proprietors respectively were present in person.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the fitkl Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held Jb the Red Lion in Duherton, in the find County of Somerset, or at iome other convenient House or Place in Du her ton aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months at the farthest next after the passing of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing & be arffixed upon each of the principal outer DoOrs of the" several hurche9 of the Parishes hereinbefore mentioned*, and also Notice ijl Advertisement to be inferred in the TawUonr J^urwd wi6i Wooi r's Newspaper, if then publirtied, and if ndV their in some other iwfpaper or Newspapers, usually circulated*ike- find' Counties Si Semerfet and Drvoriy of the Time and Place of ttbeir First and "y subsequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) the Executfori of the rowers of this Act verted in tneiti, Fdun* priy^ at fea& before the times appointed for fitelfc respectitf W; t am#4mcafe ptdyiOi r of the said G'rmnifii- lT'^8'{hdIg"J*, ^' e Time anddftice apphidted' 1 JPgy or to 1

by

735

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. in C. 13&.

the said Commissioners (halt attend, to adjotirn the said Meeting, to be s; holden on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty One Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the same or same other convenient r\ Place within Twelve Miles of the Boundary of the said Forest; and the Commissioner or Clerk so making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners shall have !' Power to adjourn any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, from time to time, as they may think necessary 1 or convenient.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all other Public Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Taunton Journal and Woolmer's Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Two Newspapers usually circulated in the said Counties of Somerset and Devon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting or marking out Ground for Public Roads and Highways, as authorized by this Act, to set out, in such Places as they shall deem most convenient on the said Forest, such Part and Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think necessary and sufficient for the general Use and Accommodation of His Majesty and His Lefleet and Tenants, and of all other the Proprietors of Lands to whom any Allotment shall be made under this Act, and their Lessees for the time being, for the Purpose of getting Stone, Marl or Clay for Bricks, Gravel, Sand and Earth, to be used upon the Landis lying within the Limits of the said Forest, or for the Repairs of the Turnpike Roads and Public Highways, and Private Roads and Paths within the said Forest, and to and for such other Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioners shall by their final Award direct or appoint, but the same shall not be sold or conveyed out of the said Forest on any Account whatsoever; and also to set out Watering Places on the said Forest for Cattle and Beast6, For the common Use and Benefit of all Persons occupying Lands within the Limits of the said Forest.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to fell or convey or cause to be sold or conveyed out of the Limits of the said Forest, any Stone* Gravel, Sand, Marl, Clay or other Materials, that may be round or raised upon the said Allotments, hereinbefore directed to be set out for the common Use of the said Forest as aforesaid; and that if any Person shall fell or convey or cause to be sold or conveyed, out of the Limits of the said Forest, any Stones, Gravel, Sand,. Marl, Clay or other Materials, that may be round or raised upon the said Allotments hereinbefore directed to be set out for the common Use of the said Forest as aforesaid, any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the same shall be situate, upon due Proof thereof made before him upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) shall and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money, not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person offending in the Prgfnifet, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand*

Other Notices how given.

Allotments for Repairs of Roads, &c.

Watering Place* for Cattle set out.

No Marl, &c. carried out of I or eft.

[Penalty.]

C.I38.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18^

to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Dif tress and Sale; and the Monies so to be levied by way of Penaltj as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Chargei of executing this Act.

Powertofet out

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fc^ai^to^urn*' Commissioners to set out and appoint any new and additional and stop Roads! Roads, or any new and additional TraAs and Ways for such

new Roads, or any new Paths, in and over the said Forest; and to stop, discontinue or divert and turn, or abate and stop up any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over the said Forest, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seem proper for that Purpose; subject nevertheless to the Restrictions, Provisions and Directions of this Act: Provided always, that no Turnpike Road shall be altered or diverted without the Consent of the Trustees having the Care and Management thereof, or any Five or more of them; or any Public Highway or Road be (hut up or dif- continued until the Roads so marked out as intended to be and remain Public Highways, shall be set out and made according to the Directions of this Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made convenient and safe for Horses, Cattle and Carriages: Provided also, that all Private Roads, Ways and Footpaths which shall be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be made and for ever maintained and kept in Repair by such Persons and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall, by their Award, or by No Person liable any other Writing under their Hands order, dircA or appoint: Proto any Rate for vjded alf0, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject or make liable, nor shall His Majesty, or the Free Suitors of the said Forest or their Tenants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, be liable or be deemed to be liable to any Rate or Assessment, or to any Statute Duty, for or towards the making, maintaining or repairing any of the Public Roads now made, or which may be made or marked out, in, over or across the said Forest; save and except the Bridle Roads, Occupation Ways and Footpaths herein after mentioned; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also empowered to set out and appoint such Bridle Roads, Occupation Ways and Footpaths, in, over, through and across the said Forest, as they shall think requisite and proper; and shall by their said Award direct and appoint by whom, in what manner, at what time, and in what Proportions, the same respectively shall be maintained and kept in Repair, and to and for whose Use, Convenience or Benefit the same shall severally be set out and appointed; and no Person or Persons whomsoever (other than the Person or Persons to or for whose Use, Convenience or Benefit the same shall be so set out and appointed) shall have or be entitled to any Right, Title or Pretence whatsoever to call for or insist upon the mak ing, forming or repairing such Bridle Roads, Occi\ Way* or Footpath*, or any Part or Parts thereof respectivfcl ' jAn4.be it further enacted, That when the Surve j*- been, made and delivered to tli&feilHRlitf-

Statute Duty towards repairing Public Roads,

' across Forest, except Bridle Roads, &c.

Bridle Roads, &c. made.

Allotment to The King.

Id by dr

C. 138.

737

when, pursuant to the Powers hereinbefore contained, the several Pieces of Ground for Roads, Highways, Bridle Roads, Footpaths,

Watering Places for Cattle, and Places for getting Materials for the Repair of Roads and other Purposes, shall have been set out, the said Commissioners shall as soon as may be proceed to value the Whole of the said Forest; and when and so soon as such Valuation shall have been made, the said Commissioners shall set out and ailot, in Severalty, unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Forest (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to Twelve Twenty second Parts of the Whole of the said Forest which shall remain after making such Allotments as aforesaid, which Allotment for His Majesty shall be set out as near to the Centre of the said Forest as conveniently may be; and so soon as the same shall be fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, such Allotment shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Right of Common, of Pasture, of Turbary, Common of Eftovers, and all other Rights of what nature and kind soever, of all and Angular the Free Suitors and other Owners >. and Occupiers of Manors, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, who at the time of the passing of this Act were entitled to any such Rights thereon, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners ^fllotment iu shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, lieu of Tithts. to set out, allot and award, unto and for the said Sir Thomas Dyke

Aeland, or the Person or Persons entitled thereto, such Part or Parts of the Residue or Remainder of the said Forest, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value (Quantity and Quality considered) to One eighth Part of the Whole of the said Forest, for and in lieu of all Tithes yearly arising, issuing and payable out of ail and every the Lands and Grounds within the said Forest; and such Allotment so to be set out, allotted and awarded for such Tithes as aforesaid, shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and from all such Tithes, Dues and Payments whatsoever issuing, arising and renewing from and out of the Whole of the said Forest; which said Allotment in lieu of Tithes shall be set out as learly contiguous to any other Property of the said Sir Thomas Dyke Acland as circumstances will permit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Award of Hi aid Commissioners shall have set out the Allotment hereinbefore di- Majesty's Al-e&ed to be made and set out to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-

effors, they shall prepare an Award, with a Map or Plan annexed andt Office of hereto, whereof there shall be Three Originals, one to be inrolled Auditor of Laud the Court of Exchequer at Wcjbninfler, another in the Office of Revenue* he Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and rail afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of le Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty V Woods and brefMac the time being; such Award, or the Inrolment thereof,

be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Octfafions here any Question, Doubt or Controversy shall or may arise, relates to orffeifthig the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, hit 55db.III. 6 3 B Heir.

C. 13S. f j* GEO. III. A.D. 181J

Allotments to Free Suitors, &c.

Allotments of Residue of Forest.

46 G. 3. c. 65.

Heirs or Successors, in respect of any Allotment vested in The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards shall be depositec with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the said Allotment to His Majesty shall be situate; and in case the said Allotmenl shall be situate in both the said Counties of Somerset and Devon, thee with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the greatest Proportion of such Allotment to His Majesty shall be situate.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioneri shall and they are hereby directed and required to set out, allot and award unto, for and amongst the said Henry George Earl of Camar-von, Sir Thomas Dyke Aeland, John Palmer Chichester, n Thomas Thornton, William Moggridge St aw ell, and the several other Persons being Owners or Proprietors of the aforesaid Estates, situate, lying and being in the aforesaid Parishes of Hawkridge and Whitby Poole respectively, to which Estates Free Suits are attached, such Part9 and Parcels of the said Forest (after the Allotments hereinbefore directed are set out apd made, and with due regard to the Allotments next herein after directed to be made) as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) shall be equal in Value to the respective Rights and Interests which such Owners or Proprietors, or their respective Tenants or Occupiers for the time being of the said Estates, have respectively had and are entitled to exercise in and upon the said Forest, according to the Presentments thereof annually made at the Court of Swainmote holden within and for the said Forest.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required (after the making such Allotments as hereinbefore mentioned) to divide, set out, allot and award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Forest, unto and amongst the several Persons who now are or shall be entitled thereto, in Right or in respect of their old inclosed Tenements, situate, lying and being in the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, the Owners or Occupiers whereof have been accustomed or ought to pay Quit or Chief Rents to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, or who owe Suit and Service at the Swainmote Courts within the said Forest, and who have usually and of Right been accustomed to pay any less Toll than Five pence per Head for depasturing their Sheep on the said Forest, in Proportion and according to the annual Value of such old inclosed Tenements respectively$ such Value to be estimated and ascertained by or according to the last Assessment made under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of Hs present Majesty, intituled An ASfor granting to His Majesty during the frtfdS War, and mglj& Sixth Day of April next after the Patifmtio^ Peace, fur-

11 Pates and and > Tear of 1 AS made si*Cook*

739

55 GEO. III. C. 138.

respectively be situate, they the said Commissioners having regard, in setting out, allotting and awarding the same several Allotments, to the Quality, Situation and Conveniency thereof respectively.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein con- Owners of Free tained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prevent any Suits entitled to Owner of any Estate to which such Free Suit as aforesaid is attached, ?hare of Re^due from having a proportionable Allotment in respect of such Estate, m certam ca es* with other Persons entitled to Allotments of the Residue of the said

Forest, in case such Owner shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Owner is entitled to Stock or Departure on the said Forest, at a less Toll than Five pence per Head, any greater Number of Sheep than he is entitled to in respect: of his Free Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person Proprietors to and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, claiming Rights produce Ac-

of Pasturage, Agistment or Commonage, or other Rights, in and rounds^?

upon the said Forest, to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this rgfpeft whereof Act, or any Part thereof, at the time of their delivering in their re- they claim to b spective Claims to the said Commissioners as directed by the said re- entitled to cited Act, shall produce and deliver to the said Commissioners a R, ?bts of Cm* minute and exact Account of all and singular the Messuages, Lands mon*&c* and Grounds in respect whereof such Claims are or may be made, with the Names of all and every the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, distinguishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure, from such as are of of, Customary or Leasehold Tenure, and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said of, Customary or Leasehold Tenements are or may be severally and respectively holden; and every Person or Body so claiming shall produce the last Assessment to the Property Tax under Schedule (A.) made upon the Property in respect of which the Claim is made; and the said Commissioners shall, on the producing and delivering such minute Account as aforesaid, esquire, on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering the same, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think (it (which Oath respectively the Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of all and every such Accounts; and in all cases where the said Commissioners shall not be satisfied that such Account is correct, they the said Commissioners shall cause their Surveyor or Surveyors to ascertain the Authenticity and Accuracy thereof, together with the Assessment to the Tax thereon; and the Expence of making such Enquiries by the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, in all cases in which it shall upon any such Enquiry appear that such Account was wilfully inaccurate, and that therefore such new Investigation was necessary, be borne and defrayed by the Person or Persons claiming Rights of Pasturage, Agistment or Commonage, or other Rights, in and upon the said Forest, in respect of the Messuages, Lands and ^Grounds, in relation to which such inaccurate Account shall have been first delivered)and in case of his, her or their Refusal to pay such Expence* at the Time and Place appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall caufg the same to be faised, levied nod recovered in the manner

Power for Commissioners to call for Property Tax Assessments.

[Penalty.]

Boundary Fences may be Oiorteued.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, in order the better to enable the said Commissioners to form a correct and accurate Judg< ment of the Amount of the Rental or Value of such several and respective Messuages, Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons who shall act as their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of this and the said first recited Act, may, and he and they are and is hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, as they may think necessary or expedient, to cause any of the Assessments or Books of Assessment of the aforesaid Tax, commonly called the Property Tax or Income Tax, so far as the same relate or refer to or in any wise concern the Statement of Property having Rights of Pasturage or other Rights on the said Forest, and the Rental or Valuation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned and described, within any Parish, Township or Place in which such Estates so having Rights of Pasturage and other Rights on the said Forest are situate, to be brought before them, and to take Copies of or Extracts from such Assessments or Books of Assessment, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any of them, shall think fit and necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and such Compensation shall be made to the Clerks or Persons having the Care or Custody of the Assessments of the said Property Tax or Income Tax, by the said Commissioners, out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners or their Clerk or Clerks shall think reasonable: And if any Person or Persons, in whose Care or Custody any of the said Assessments or Books shall be, shall neglect or refuse (after Ten Days* Notice for that Purpose) to attend the said Commissioners or their Clerk or Clerks with such Assessments or Books, or to permit them, or any of them, to take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom as aforesaid, then and in every such case, every Person who shall so neglect or refuse shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as other Penalties are by this or the said recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XXIX. And Whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences

between the said Forest hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, ' and the Lands in any adjoining Manor, Parish, Township or Place,

if the said Commissioners were empowered to cause such Fences to

be raised in such Direction as they shall deem most proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Lands are situate, or the major Part in Value of Land Owners in any Parish or Town-ftiip adjoining to the said Forest (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment of any such Parish, Township or Place) and under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which such Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the said Forest hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and the Lands lying in any such adjoining Parish, Township or Place, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be so set out, ascertained and determined, the same shall be inclosed and fenced by such Person

741

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 138.

Person or Perons, in such manner, and at such time or times, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Forest and such adjoining Manor, Parish, Township or Place respectively; any Law,

Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Parties diflatif-Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fied with Bound-interested in the ascertaining of the Boundaries of the said Forest,* and of any Manor, Parish, Township or Place adjoining thereto, 6

shall be dissatisfied with the Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire, made -in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act or of this Act, respecting such Boundaries or any of them, and shall be desirous of having the Boundaries affected by such Determinations tried at Law, and shall, by themselves or their respective Agents or Attornies, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall have been made and published by them, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of such his, her or their Objection to the said Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, and of such Desire to have the same Boundaries settled by Trial at Law, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, immediately on Receipt of such Notice as aforesaid, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be, to give Notice to One or more of the Party or Parties interested therein, who shall insist upon the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, or to the respective Agents or Attornies of such Person or Persons, by Writing under the Hands of them the said Commissioners, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies respectively; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or his or their Heirs, Successors or Assigns, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the time of such Notice being given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the ascertaining of such Boundaries so objected to as aforesaid, at the First or Second Assizes to be holden for the County in which the Boundaries so objected to shall be situate, next after the giving of such Notice to the said Commissioners, in an Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by the Person or Persons giving such Notice to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors or Assigns, against any such Person or Persons interested therein, who shall insist on the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear to and accept one or more Issue or Common Bail Issues, whereby all such Boundaries may be properly tried and determined (such Issue or Issues, if the Parties differ about the same, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced); and the Jury or Juries who shall try such Issue or Issues shall find the Boundary or Boundaries of the said Forest, or of all or any of the Manors, Parishes, Townships,

Hamlets or Districts so in dispute, and the same shall, under the Dist&um of the Judge who shall try the said Issue or Issues, be in-: - 3 B 3 dorfed

C. 138.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Cods to Defendants.

Claims of Rights delivered to Commissioners.

4TG.3 (U.K.) c. 109. 6.

Power for Commissioners to settle Disputes.

Commissioners not to determine Tales to Estater.

Commissioners may assess Colls.

dorfed specially on the Postea, in case the same shall be though necessary for ascertaining such Boundaries; and the Verdi & 01 Verdicts which shall be given in any such Action or Actions shal be final and conclusive to every Person and Persons, Body anc Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall fel aside the Verdi A or Verdi As so to be given as aforesaid, and ordei a new Trial or Trials to be had therein (which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do, and also upon furacient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such I flue, or to change the Venue, as is usual in other cases); and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not set aside by the Court as aforesaid, the said Cora, missioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to conform to such Verdict or Verdicts; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall be, by the said Commissioners, re-imbursed all the Costs? Charges and Expences, which he or they shall reasonably pay, expend or be put unto, in the Defence of such Action or Actions, by and out of the Money to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having or claiming any Estate or Interest in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall, by themselves or their Agents, deliver their respective Claims ^Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; of which Meeting or Meetings Twenty one Days* Notice at the least shall be given by the said Commissioners, expressing the Purpose of such Meeting or Meetings, in the manner hereinbefore directed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpnte or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the same, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the same respectively.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein tontained shall authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever, but they shall assign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made, unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or in respect-whereof such Allotments shall be made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, >^t^eafo the said Commissioners (w upon the Hearing and or OWeAionSb be delivered to eSttd Act or xjfthis AA, fee<Md>for the said Cptomffioni

fear

of any Claim of the said first sfey Colls, it (Ml be

to ettle, r*flB|nd

m

743

A.D. 1815. 556 GEO. III. C.i3$.

missioners or Umpire shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Objection shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Coils, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same upon Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Colls to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refilling to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so diilrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Dmfion and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Objection which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or touching or concerning any Property, Right or Interest, intended to be affected by such Determination, and shall, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties interested, cause Notice in Writing of such DifTatis-faction to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the said Commissioners, and of the Party or Parties in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving, such Notice as aforesaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next Assizes to be held for the County in which the Land shall be situate j and in case such Land shall be situate in both the said Counties of Somerset and Devon, then for the County in which the greatest Proportion of such Land shall be situate, unless such Assizes shall happen within Two Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, and then and in that case, at the Second Assizes to be held for the said County next after such Determination; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination, cause an Action to be brought in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon a feigned I flue, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, % whose Favour such Determination shall have been made; and w Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions feall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more I flue or Jflues, whereby such Claim, and the Property, Right and Interest ttafrbf infilled upon, may be tried and determined; such Issue or 3 B 4 Issues

Power to try Rights by an Issue at Law.

Common BaH.

Q.i38.

S$ GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

If no Action hrou?h or not proceeded in, Determination of Commissioners final.

Trial not to suspend Execution of Powers of Ad.

In case of Deaths of Parties before Actions brought, lame carried on and defended in their Names.

I flues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same; and the Verdict which shall be given upon the Trial of such Artion shall be binding, final and conclusive to every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whoin-soever, unless the Court wherein such Artion shall be brought, shall set aiide such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and that after such Verdict shall be obtained and not set aiide by the said Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are required to art in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim, Property, Right or Interest thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that if no such Notice shall be given, or if any such Notice shall be given, and such Artion at Law shall not be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Artion shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to a Trial within the time hereinbefore limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any such Artion to be commenced as aforesaid shall die before the Determination thereof, such Artion shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; and that no Difference, Suit or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference or Dispute touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners or Umpire in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; but the Division and Allotments hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in, notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or Proceeding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Artion or Artions might have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Artion or Artions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Artion or Artions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Artion or Artions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if artually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Artion or Artions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Plejrs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, on receiving Notice of such Process from the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners (which Notice such Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby directed and required to give accordingly), to appear and defend such Artion or Artions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein, in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Artion or Artions.

4ms 1

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Persons in Pof-nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, not mo* to enable the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Right iefted* between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties,

except in cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in case the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they or he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XXXVIII. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That nothing Simons Bath

in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to authorize or Farm not to he empower the said Commissioners to consider the said Farm, called to Power

Simons Bath Farm, as forming any Part of the Lands to be divided, r"'

allotted or inclosed under or by virtue of this Act, or as comprised ma!, vested in within any of the Powers or Authorities hereby to them given; but His Majesty, that the same shall be and remain vested in His Majesty, his Heirs fr?e from and Successors for ever, exclusive of and over and above any Allot- rj'^cs* &c* ment or Allotments which shall be set out or made unto or for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors under or by virtue of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, freed and discharged from all Tithes and all Rights of Common whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Forest, and Forest for ever

all the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, shall from

at all times for ever, after the said Allotment in lieu of Tithes shall, lhcI*

be set eut in manner aforesaid, be exonerated, exempt and freed from all Tithes both Great and Small, or of what nature or kind soever; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Inclo- Tndofure not to fores to be made in the said Forest by virtue of this Act shall be made impede usual and set out in such manner as not to interrupt or impede the necessary mun, ca" Communications in, over and upon the said Forest.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the several Outermost or Allotments by Ring Fences of the Lands so to be allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs whom and how or Successors as aforesaid, shall be made in such manner and at such p^ces time or times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and warj, ^ept^such Outermost or Ring Fences shall be raised and made, and for ever Repair, thereafter maintained, supported and kept in repair, at the Expence,

Costs and Charges of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that the several Outermost or Ring Fences of the Lands so to be allotted to the said Sir Thomas Dyke A dandy or other Person or Persons entitled in lieu of Tithes as aforesaid, shall be likewise made in such manner and at such time or times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and such Outermost or Ring Fences last mentioned shall be raised and made at the Expence, Costs and Charges of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; but the same shall for ever thereafter be maintained, supported and kept in, repair by the v said Sir Thomas Dyke A eland, or by the Person or Persons entitled to such Allotment in lieu of Tithes as aforesaid; and all Fences to be made in pursuance of this Act, for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Forest, shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter be repaired, maintained and kept in Repair by and at the Expeace of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in such Parts, Shares

in*

74<*

C. 138.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Moss Piis, &c. incapable of Drainage left open for Use of persons heretofore uling same.

Turf not taken away after parting of Act.

[Penalty.]

After Allotments made Rights of Common and other Rights to cease.

and Proportions, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their final Award, direct and appoint; but no such ft, prietor or Proprietors shall be compelled or compellable to fence hil, her or their own Allotment or Allotments, or contribute to the fencing of any Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Person or Persons, until the Owner or Owners of such lask mentioned Allotment or Allotments shall have made and completed his, her or their Proportion of the same.

XLrII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Coraniffionen or any Engineer to be by them employed, under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, shall find it impracticable to drain any of the Moss Pits or Turbaries on the said Fared, so as to make the same sufficiently dry to be used as Arable or Paftore Land, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissionera, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to leave such Moss Pita or Turbaries open and uninclosed, to be held and enjoyed by such Person or Persons as, before the passing of this Act, have of Right held, used and enjoyed the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after the passing of this Act, shall get, remove or take away any Fern, Heath, Gorse or other Article of the like Nature or Quality, from or off any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or shall cut, dig, get or tike away any of the Turf or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever (other than and except any Person or Persons who may get any Turves out of any of the Moss Pits or Turbaries which shall or may be left open and uninclosed by the said Commissioners as herein, before mentioned), upon due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Haods and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied by Biftrefa and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be so did: rained and fold, after deducting the Coils and Charges attend* rag such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as afore* foad shall be applied towards the Payment of the Coils, Charges and Expeaces of executing this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the Allotments to be made and set out in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of the said Commissioners be marked and set out, sill the several Shares or Allotments to be set oat as aforesaiddhaMbe and be deemed dud taken to 1mm heu of, and in fftl^fonffifenfefcioty Sadsfaction and 2M<ehargfeoi^drani sH Tithes, RigfrftwfsQranmnn and all other whreb the &id PfofMMkfotvfoy of them could'Itt lufermudor but* entitled Pn the said

747

AM A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 138.

aiffli

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it tBjdl shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time before the

bm: Execution of their said final Award, by Notice by Advertisement in

one or more of the Newspapers usually circulated in that Phrt of the tjgrjj said Counties of Somerset and Devon where the said Forest lies, to

lij, Order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Commons, in, over

shb 01 upon Forest, and other the said Open and Commonable

- Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, gjg or the Exercise thereof suspended for and during such time or times

tai as shall be expressed in such Notice; and all such Rights of Com-

act: mon as the said Commissioners shall by fetch Notice order and direct

ojc to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, From the time mentioned in such Notice, cease, determine sE and be extinguished, and the Exercise thereof shall be suspended ac-

jfei cordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any

wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, -a shall be desirous that their respective Shares in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted and 0 inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights or other

p Rights belonging to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredi-

rj taments, (hoald be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Pareels,

and shall express their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners,

at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby s required to set out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons in one Allotment, and such Allotment shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof, in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direct and appoint in and by their said final Award.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice by Advertisement in one or more of the Public Newspapers usually circulated in that Part of the said Counties of Somerset and Devon in which the said Forest lies, of the Day or Days and Place, where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and inspect the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the same relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may, upon Perusal of the said Schedule and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be drffatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give or cause to be given Notice of One Meeting at least, to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for bearing and determining Si such Objefitiens; and their Determination in the Premisesj as to the Quantity, Quality and Situation, shall be binding, final and condusive upon all Parties.

XLVIII. Provided Sways, and be it further enacted, That if any Person hath fold, or shall at any time before the Execution^ the final Award of the said Commissioners, foil his or feev'Rtgfct*

Inteitft

Rights of Common suspended or extinguished before Execution of Award.

Owners of Common Rights may have Allotments hid together.

Allotments de-lineafcdon Plan, and shewn to Proprietor*.

If any Person fell his Common Right, Allotment made to Purchaser.

i

C. 138.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Commissioners

chase Lands.

Interest and Property in, to, over or upon the Lands and Grouuc hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Pai thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such case, it shall b lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorize and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose, b Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make air Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Furchafer in every such Sale or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Right Interest and Property so sold as aforesaid; and every such Veil dee 01 Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Alsigns, shall and may, from anc after the Execution of their final Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner as the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the same, in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest or Property, had been vested in such Vendor at the time of making such Allotments as aforesaid. t

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Wc^c^em* Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests powered to pur- an(^ Land Revenues, by and with the Approbation and Consent of* " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, on behalf of His Majesty, and they are hereby empowered, to agree with and to purchase, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments of Land under or by virtue of this Act, all or any Part or Parts of their respective Allotments to be made to them under this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted under or by virtue of this Act, shall be held by the same Tenures, and under the same Rents, Customs and Services, as the Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, were respectively held before the passing of this Act, or would have been held in case this Act had not been passed.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, which shall be allotted or exchanged under or by virtue of this Act, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by or under such respective Tenures, Estates or Titles, and shall accordingly in their said Award set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments,

LII. And be it further enacted, That after the final Award of the said Commissioners shall be made and execute, all and every the Lands and Grounds lying and being-wid^t^the Boundaries of the said ForelL as well those already inelgiMtttWe intended to be inclosed undeaffihe Authority of this Acttf&riU* and the same are hpby disaffoiSled, and shall be and dif-

Allotments of same Tenure.

Separate Allotment* made for Estates held by different Te-

Forest to be dif-afforested*

\M

5 fa art

M

2Z

jk' sit

if

jfi

c

J

i

A.D. 1815. 55GfiO. III. 138. 749

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the' Exchanges all said Commissioners to set out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements, owed to or Hereditaments within the said Forest, or within any Parish or Place, na c' adjoining thereto, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Forest, or within auy adjoining Parish, Township or Place, provided that all such Exchanges shall be ascertained, specified and declared in the final Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premises which shall be so exchanged, whether such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors, but not otherwise, or with the Consent of the Guardians,

Trustees or Feoffees for Charitable, Parochial or other Uses, Husbands, Committees or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietor or Proprietors who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

[Proviso.]

Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be situate, and of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice.

1. 1V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges and Expences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Partitions to be made under or by virtue of the said lirft recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be paid, borne and defrayed by the several Persons, Bodies Politic. Corporate or Collegiate, for whose Benefit such Exchanges or Partitions shall be made, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissionera shall, by their final Award, order and direct.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and pvery Lease and Leases at Rack or extended Reut now subsisting of any Messuages, Lands or Tenements having Rights within the said Forest, shall, as far as such Lease or Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any Part of the said Forest, or Right or Rights of Common therein, in respect of such Messuages, Lands or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases, be and the same is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed^ and discharged of and from all Right and Interest which mayor otherwise might be claimed in or to the same by virtue of such Lease;: i or

Expences of Exchanges, &c. by whom paid.

Leases at Rack Rent void as Allotments of Common.

75

C. 138.

35 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Neglecting to make Coropen-fauon, See.

Wills and Settlements not affected.

For whartime Sheep, See. not kept in new

Indofuresj &c.

or Leases; and the Person or Persons to whorrrthe Messuages, Land: or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases shall belong, a! Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation, by way oi Retainer or annual Abatement of Rent or otherwise, to the Person or Persons entitled to the same, under such Lease or Leases, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct, for the Right of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, over or upon the said Forest or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this A: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to make any such annual or other Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, within Twenty one Days next after Demand made thereof, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such ways and means as any Penalties or Forfeitures are directed by this or the said recited Act to be raised or levied.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to reyoke, make void, alter or annul any Will, Settlement or Surrender, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent or Incumbrance, out of, upon or affecting any Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the said Forest, or any adjoining Manor, Parish, Township or Place, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act; but that each and every Proprietor shall stand and be seized of the Premises to be allotted to or given in exchange to him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the same Estates, and subject to such and the same Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Debts, Charges, Rents and Incumbrances ( Right of Common and Common of Pasturage as aforesaid, and such other Exceptions and Provisions as are herein made, only excepted, and no other), as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereof such Proprietor or Proprietors was or were seized or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the final Award 01 the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been passed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That np Sheej> or Lambs shall be kept in any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act, during the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the said final Award, unless the same shall be properly fenced* or the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs fbftfl md at his, her or their own Expence, fence or guard his* he? orvtheir Neighbour's Quicksets fit any such there shall b^'^Wg the Inclosures wherein such Sheep or Lambs shall W aa to prevent ?ny

Damage being done to such Qmckfki^B^nch- heep or Lambs2 beriaw&l & caufo Hhe turned or

A.D. 55 GEO. III. Q. 138. 751

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing Satisfaaion to the Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allot- ma<Je for un*' ments, it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof 0

shall not have a proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing the reto* Fences. 7 it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money, to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors, towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the said Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion (regard being had to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the respective Allotments); and the Money so to be ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner as the Charges and Expences of executing any Act of Inclosure are by the said first recited Act directed to be levied and recovered: Pro- Provish. vided, that no such Sum or Sums of Money so to be contributed and paid as aforesaid, shall be actually levied until the Fences, in respect whereof such Contribution is directed to be made, shall be put up and completed to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

IJX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Commissioners missioners, at any time before the Execution of their final Award, to may A1* make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may foments Tndnn have set out and ordered, or in any Private Roads laid or to be laid private Roads, over or to such Allotments, that they shall think right and expedient: if they think Provided that no Alteration shall be made in any tiling directed by proper; but not the said first Award relating to the Allotment or Allotments to be Majesty's made to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, without the Consent in otment* Writing of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty*

Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, first had and obtained: And in case any Person or Persons shall be injured by such Alterations on Account of any Expences be, (he or they, may have been at, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her or them, and shall direct by whom and in what manner such Recompence shall be made.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences of Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, of Perambulation, of first surveying and valuing the said 1je Forest, and of setting out the Allotments by this Act directed to be made and set out to and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for the said Sir Thomas Dyke Aclattd, or other Owner or Owners of the Tithes as aforesaid, and of making and inrolling the said first Award, shall be paid and borne by His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, out of any Money which ia or shall be in the Hands of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests snd Land Revenues.

LXL. And be it further enacted, That all other the Costs, Charges what Expences and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and of dividing, paid by Pro-subdivi&Qg and allotting the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed l)r, elor8, to be divided, allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights on the said Fared, shaft be borne and defrayed by such Owners or Proprietors respectively, in such. Shares.and Proportions, at such Time or Times*

Maimer add Places, ns the said Commissioners, either before or afite*

. the

7J

C. 138.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Power to mort-sage or fell Allotment*.

the Execution of their said final Award, shall order, direct or ap by any Rate or Rates to be made by the said Commissioners for that Purpose save and except The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in respect of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to Him by virtu< of this ASt, and save and except the said Sir Thomas Dyke Aclanh in respect of the Allotment or Allotments to be made in lieu ol Tithes, or the Person or Persons entitled thereto, in respect of such Allotment or Allotments), and the Determination of the said Commissioners in the Premises shall be final and conclusive; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Shan; or Proportion of such Cods, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, within the time and in the manner appointed by the said Commissioners, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be raised, levied and recovered in the manner prescribed and directed by the said fird recited Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies, of or for any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the Premises, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies respectively, or by any of the Proprietors of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, who are or shall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or for any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, to mortgage or fell, either before or after the making the said Award, Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, by whom or in whose behalf any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of raising a Sum of Money sufficient to defray the respective Shares and Proportions of the Cods, Charges and Expences of executing the said first recited Act and this Act, which shall be charged upon or payable by such incapacitated Proprietors or other Person or Persons respectively, and of fencing and inclosing and subdividing his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, and or making and completing such Mortgage or Sale j and such Mortgage or Sale shall be made by the said Commissioners in such and the like manner, and subject to such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said first recited Act, in respect to the Sale of any Lands authorizedjo be sold for paying the Expences of obtaining and carrying ly Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing any Lands and Grounds; and each.and every Allotment, for which the

full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall be conveyed, 'try* the said Commissioners, at the Expence of such Purchaser or Purchasers, unto such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her or thei^ Heirs ^Jrespectively, or as he, she or they shall appoint, and shall be mclosed ' held by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively iu Severalty, the Receipt of the said Commissioners shall be a good and Juf-ge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the f" ' which, (haQ be applied by the said Commifl mentioned Costs, Charg 

vfllf&i

7S3

A.D. 1815. 5*5* GEO. III. C. 138.

manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as therein mentioned:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Mort- provifu. gage or Sale any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons, Part of whose Allotment or Allotments shall be mortgaged or sold as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, under or by virtue of the said first recited Act: Provided always, that in all cases where any Lands shall be sold for Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person whose Lands shall be so fold, to charge the Residue of his or her Allotment, by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Fjnal Award, shall, after having finished and completed such Subdivision and Allotment of the said Forest as aforesaid, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final Award, and the same, when inrolled in manner directed by the said first recited Act, shall be deposited and left with the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Somerset and Devon, where the same shall and may be inspected and peruled at all seasonable times in the Day-time, for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying the Sum of One Shilling and no Fee-more, to the said Clerks of the Peace respectively, or their Deputies, for every such Inspection and Perusal; and Two Copies of such Award shall be inrolled, one of them in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of '*

the Land Revenue, there to remain, and shall afterwards be filed and preferred amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; such Award, or the Inrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occasions where any Dispute, Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respfeft of any Allotment vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each Accounts exa-and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be 'ne<1 and, Jf-computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement nually.*or Account of any Sums of Money, by them or either of them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be laid before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Somrfct, not interested in the said intended Dhrifion and Inclosure, to be by them examined and balanced at a Pabltt Jetting (whereof Twenty one Days* Notice shall be given in the Tamjfm Journal and WooImer's Newspaper), the said Justices being hereby authorized to take or call such Aid and Assistance h, ftwh Examination as they* frail think fit, and to charge the in*

1'55 '0*6.TIL*3C v cidental

C.i38. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181j.

cidental Expences; and the Balance shall be by the said Justices Hated in the Books of Account, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unless allowed by the said Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

Cancel re' id

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

whh'luterest. whomsoever shall advance and pay any Money towards the Expences hereinbefore directed to be borne or defrayed by the Owners or Proprietors of Lands having Right on the said Forest, of carrying this Act into Execution, the Money so advanced and paid shall be repaid and satisfied to him, her or them, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same, from the time of the Advancement thereof.

Appeal.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself or themseves, aggrieved by any thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act or of tins Act (other than and except as to the said Claims, Matters and Things which shall be ascertained, settled, tried or determined by the Verdict of a Jury under the Power and Authority hereinbefore contained, or where, by any of the Provisions or Clauses of the said first recited Act or this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts or Proceedings of the said Commissioners or Umpire are declared or directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such case, he, she or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions.of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Somerset or Devon, as the case may be, within Three Calendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners or either of them, and to the Party or Parties con-Notic*. cerned, Twenty one Days' Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matters thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant Distress. to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Dil-

tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Biftrels and Final. Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and

conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or re-Cmiorari. movable, by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the find Justices to be frivolous, vexatious or without sufficient Foundation, Cefo* then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the

Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices shall seem reafou-eble, and to be levied in manner aforesaid.

LXVII. And Whereas it may be expedient that such Allot

merit or Allotments of Land as shall be made or set out, unto or

for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or some Part or Parts thereof, (hcnild be sold or disposed of.

'i*and

755

AM 5*GtO, in C. 138.

iWM? 4 and that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Wdod9, Forests and

Oaoreri 1 Land Revenues for the time being, should be empowered to make

o0*!?i 4 such Sales; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be law- Commissioners

acMS ful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and of Woods, &c.

oftkh Land Revenues for the time being, with the Approbation of the to.

Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- <Xllotment., nS*jtffti fury for'ine time being, or any Three or more of them, to contract T&atfc and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make sale and dispose of,

iOne all such Part or Parts of the said Forest as shall be set out or allotted

unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of iiit this i^jft, or of any of the Powers or Authorities herein contained,

tik or of any Part or Parts thereof, and of all His Majesty's Rights

lis and Interests in and to the same, and of all the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of, in and to all Mines of, (fjt Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals whatsoever, in or

{ % under the said Forest or any Part thereof, hereby referred to His

jp( Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of all Powers of searching

jit for, working, digging, raising and carrying away such Coal, Lead

uli Ores, Metals and other Minerals for the best Prices or Considerations

ju in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Wood:;

sa? Forests and Land Revenues shall be able to procure for the same

and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may t arise or be produced from such last mentioned Sale or Sales shall

/ from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed

fr to the Account directed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the jo 0.3.&6y.

0 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the

Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of The Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled "The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fund," and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes, as the other Monies by such last mentioned Act directed or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the same Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Com- Purchascrsto ttissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues have Certifi-for the time being shall have contracted with any Person or Per- catei, &c. for Tons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of Money* Cerd-the said Lands, Hereditaments, Rights or Interests, hereby autho- ficates to be in-rized to be sold as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall grant to rolled in Office the Pdrchftfer or respective Purchasrs thereof a Certificate under of Auditor of their Hands, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the ^and Reve, ue Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which c* shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty Obe Days after the Date of such Certificate; and the Cashiers of the Barik or oiiC of them shall, upon the Production of such Certificate,eCept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and SUYytii fytitie to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or trfi the BaCk of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the same Hiihoaf Fee Or Reward 5 and every such Certificate and Receipt I*.*tofflhtg1 tocontained in Schedule (A.) to thta; -

'2 st Act.

a a;

75<S C. 138. 5 j# GEO. III. A.D. 1Jij,

Sump Duty.

Neglecting to pay Purchase Money into Bank within time limited forfeited.

Alt* or as near thereto as the drcumftancea of the case will admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the said Lands or Hereditaments therein described are situate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor, having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the same under his Hand, and shall upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolment return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and after such Inrolment and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be, and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Lands, Hereditaments, Rights and Interests to be by them respectively purchased, and shall bold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such Sale had not taken place 5 and every such Certificate, shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by one of the principal Clerks or other Officers in their or his Office; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being inrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed, and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molelted or questioned, for or in respect thereof, or of any Part thereof.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate and the said Cashier'a Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, mnd the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners shall for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tune, and which upon such Cause being shewn, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized tp order accordingly. -- d.A,

*-LXX. And Whereas it may happen that son^.Prtppf the said .* Forest may hereafter become inhabited, in which epe the Inba-jfobitants thereof, by reason of its remote Distlhp? front any Parish - ^hurch, and of its being locally the Limits

or

Public Worship well for the Con-

in-

757

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 138.

meteiy, and for the' Site of a proper Parsonage House and Offices to tion of Forest be erected and built, and for a Garden and Yard or Homestead to be renders nectf-attached thereto, to the Extent in the Whole of Ten Acres at the far3r* least, shall be reserved by The Crown out of the Lands so to be allotted to His Majesty as aforesaid, and shall not be sold; and that in case at any time hereafter the Number of Persona who shall be resident and inhabiting upon the said Forest: shall, in the Judgment and Opinion of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Bishop of Bath and Wells for the time being, be such as shall render it expedient that a Church shall be erected upon the said Allotment, for the Performance of Divine Worship therein, and for the affording religious Instruction to the Inhabitants thereof, then and in such case the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, by and out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, cause a new Church and a fit and convenient Parsonage House and Offices to be erected and built upon Part of the Lands so to be reserved as aforesaid, and shall appropriate other Part thereof near to the said Church, for a Churchyard or Burial Ground, and the Residue thereof as a Garden, Yard or Homestead to the said Parsonage House, and shall inclose the same accordingly, in such manner as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall think proper for such Purposes; and shall cause the said Church when so'cre&ed, andjthe Churchyard so to be attached thereto, to be duly consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England; and the same Church shall be for ever thereafter set apart and dedicated as and for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Rights and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for the Use of all the Inhabitants who shall so reside within the Bounds or Precincts of the said Forest, and shall be named and called The Parish Church of Exmoor; and that the said Forest shall for ever thereafter form and be a distinct Parish of tself, and be called by the Name of The Parish of Exmoor: Pro- Proviso.' "J ided always, that there shall be set apart and appropriated in the Church to be erected and built by virtue of this Act, such a Num-er of Seats for the gratuitous Accommodation of the Poor of the lid Parish, as the Lord Bishop of the Diocese shall think necessary, roper and convenient.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Ground used a* rection and Consecration of the said Parish Church, the said Piece Churchyard to: Ground which shall be so inclosed and appropriated as a Church- cont, nue f ird or Cemetry as aforesaid, shall be and for ever continue to be Churchyard or Place of Burial for all the Inhabitants of such irish.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Plan or Design of Plan of Church,: h Church, Parsonage House, Offices and ether Buildings, shall flapproved submitted to and approved by the Bishop of Bath and Wells for D of*

: time being, before the same shall be erected; and that no such lurch, Parsonage House or other Building shall be ere&e'd in pur-mce of this Act, without the Approbation of the said Bishop; nified in Writing under his Hand.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Church when Church deemed ilt, completed and consecrated as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby a Perpetual: lared'to be a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by Cur*

Name of* The Parish Church of Exmoor; 99 and that every Mi-er of the said Church fhajt be by virtue of this Act incorporated:

3C3

and

C. 138.

if GEO. III.

A.D. 18 r 1

Minister*

Supeud.

Patronage of

JUiving.

Marriage*

solemnized in

Church.

[Proviso.]

Christenings, &c. registered.

Pirish, &c. sub-jefl to all Lawr* relative thereto.

and made a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of "The Offi dating Minister of the Church of Exmoor" and shall have perpetu< Succession, and be enabled to sue and be sued by that Name i all Courts of this Realm; and that the said Church and Church yard or Burial Place, and the said Parfotiage House, Garden, Yari or Homestead, shall be vested in the said Minister and his Successor for the time being, for ever; and that the said Church and the Mi nifters thereof shall be subject, in all respects, to Visitation of the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells for the time being, and shall also be subject to the Ordinary Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction by Law efta* blimed; and that Divine Service shall be from time to time for ever thereafter performed in the said Church, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law established.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintenance and Support of the Minister of the said Church for the time being, be shall have and be allowed a yearly Stipend or annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him Half yearly without any Deduction, by Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, and such Minister shall also have and be entitled to receive and take all such Easter Offerings, Dues, Surplice Fees, Donations and Emoluments as are or shall be usually payable for Parochial Duties in other Parishes.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, free Disposition, and Nomination of, in and to the same Church, when the same shall have been so erested, built and consecrated as aforesaid, shall appertain and belong to The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall have been so built and consecrated as aforesaid, and at all times thereafter, Banns of Matrimony may be published and Marriages may be celebrated therein, in such manner and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the same may by Law be published and celebrated in any other Church or Public Chapel wherein Banns and Marriages are allowed by Law to be published and celebrated; and that every such Marriage shall be valid and effeictual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided all such Banns and Marriages shall be published and celebrated according to the Laws and Canons which shall be then in force within this Realm in that behalf.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Church shall be so built and consecrated as aforesaid, ChristeningMuriBerials had and folejnnized within the said Church shall be registered in Public Registers to be provided and' kept for that Ptirpm&m like manner os by Law directed, or as is usually pra&fed^jfljg* Parish Churches.

LXXVIII. And be it further ewAety when the said Church shall have been so built and find Parish

lb formed as aforesaid* all the Laws Which shall be

then in force within that Part of tiMttfltoiMoBiligdom called England, relating to Parishes or to be in fiill

f<meo3$d^hae Qperati

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 138. 75

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after P.rish may be the said Church shall be so built and consecrated, and the said Parish divided into shall be so formed as aforesaid, any Number of the Inhabitants of fownfll, P* fifth new Parish shall think fit to apply by Petition to the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Somerset> to have the said Parish divided into Two or more Town ships, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required to hear such Petition, and to investigate and enquire into the Allegations therein contained \ and if upon such Hearing the said Justices shall think it rwjaifite or expedient that the said Parish shall be divided into Two or more Townships, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order and Award for the Division of the said Parish into Two or more Town-ships accordingly, and to give all such Directions in relation thereto as they shall think requisite and necessary; and in case such Order shall be so made, then and from thenceforth the said Parish shall be divided accordingly into such Townshins, and such Townships shall be called by such Names as the said Justices shall in and by such Order direct; and every such Township shall from thenceforth for ever thereafter provide for its own Poor, and have and enjoy and be vested with such and the like Powers, Privileges and Immunities, and be subject to such and the like Regulations as are or shall be then incident to and held and enjoyed by the several other Townships within the said County of Somerset, by the Laws and Statutes iu that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this ProvUo for Hi*Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or I titered of The1 King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in or to to"r, oes>*any Mines of Cod, Lead Ores, Metals or any other Minerals whatever, in or under the said Forest, or any Part thereof, but that His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, get, raise and carry away all such Cod, Lead Ores,

Metals and all other Minerals whatsoever, as freely and effectually to all In'* nts and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed; save only, that they shall respectively do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to be inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make rea-ibnable Satisfaction and Recompence from time to time to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Damage that shall or may be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by iearching for, working, digging, getting, raising and carrying away the said Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and all other Minerals, or any of them.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Proviso'for Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of any Person Pr, vate Wghu. or Persons in or to any Quarries of Slate, Limestone, and other Stone Whatsoever, m or under any Allotment which shall be made to him# her or them, by virtue of this Act; but the same shall belong to him, her or them, and be ihe Property of the PerlW or Fetfotu k Possession of any such Allotments, in or under which any 3 C 4 such

16<* C. 138. sS* GEO. III.> A.D. 1815.

such Quarry or Quarries shall be, and according to the Nature and Tenure of the Estate in respect of which such Allotments shall be made.

General Saving. LXXXII. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs aid Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and A Aligns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been passed.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act Tefers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE of ContraBs made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

By the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of

A.B. and C.D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contrafted and agreed with A.

B. of for the Sale to the said A.B. of all [here

describe the Premises to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. iuto the Bank of England, and carried to " The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fund; " and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said A-B. and his [her or, their] Heirs [or, Successors] or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises so by him, [her or, them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, and in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Signed by the above named,

in the Prelence of

FORM

tin A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. - C. 138, 139. 761'

W FORM OF RECEIPT.

k RECEIVED the Day of of

and from A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or,

: l within] written Certificate. Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland, upon Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain.

[6th July 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, ' and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned j that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Additional Spirits, which, at any time from and after the Nineteenth Day of Dmiei.

June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be made or distilled

in Ireland, from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or for which

any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, an additional Duty of Six

pence, British Currency, over and above all other Duties payable

thereon, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in

force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Nineteenth Day

0i June, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity,

and which said additional Duty shall be paid by the First Maker or Paid by Maker.

Distiller of such Spirits.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned j that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Additional Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn or Grain malted or Duties on Stock unmalted, which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possession" I^tnd* of any Distiller in Ireland, or of any Person for the Use of such Distiller, -bn the said Nineteenth Day of June, the additional Duty or Sum of Six pence British Currency, over and above all other Duties which shall have been charged or paid on such Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity s '-

-46i C. 139, 5$* CEO. HI, A.D. 1815.

Provisow

Duty on Spirit* warehoused, and taken out for Home Con-f umption.

39 & 40 0.3. c. 67.

40 G. 3. (I.) c. 38.

Ante, c. 6a. II.

Additional

Countervailing

Duties.

And also for and t|pee ewry Gallon of if an* Fi/*, Strong Waters or Spirits, made in Great Britain or Ireland* from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or Re. tailer of Spirits in Ireland* or of any Re&ifier or any Compounder of Spirits in Ireland* on the said Nineteenth Day of June* an additional Duty or Sum of Six pence, British Currency, over and above all other Duties which shall have been paid on such Aqua Vita* Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

Provided always, that no such Charge of Six pence per Gallon upon any Spirits in thf Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person, shall take place upon or affect any Person who shall not in the whole have had the Quantity of Thirty Gallons in Stock, Custody or Possession, on the said Nineteenth Day of June* and that no fuen Charge shall take place on any Spirits in the Stock of any Compounder of Spirits, which shall have been actually compounded before the said Nineteenth Day of June.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita* Strong Waters or Spirits, made or distifled from Cora or Grain malted or unmalted in Ireland and which having been ware-housed in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland, pursuant to Law, at any time after the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, at any time on or after the said Nineteenth Day of June* be taken out for Home Consumption in Ireland* the Sum of Six pence, British Currency; and for every Gallon of such Spirits, which having been so warehoused at any time before the said Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, at any time after the said Nineteenth Day of June* be taken eat for Home Consumption, the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny, British Currency, and after the same Rate for any greater or left Quantity over and above all Duties of Excise on such Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland* on or immediately before the said Nineteenth Day of June.

IV. And 'Whams it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Af8 for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Spirits made in Ireland and in respect of the additional and inereased Duties imposed

on Malt made in Ireland by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, additional Countervailing Duties should be charged upon the like Spirits made in Great Britain and imported from ' thence into Ireland* sufficient to countervail the said additional Duty on Spirits and Malt made in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, tq and for the XJfe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on all such Spirits, the Countervailing Duties following, over and above all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon such Spirits under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation; that is to say,

For and upon every GaUon of Spirits made or dsfHUed in Great Britain* from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, and which shall he

imported

& M

lUi A.D. 18tf* tf GEO. III. C. 139. 763

?, fc imported from thence into Ireland at any time after the said Nine*

if teenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the $um

tit of Seven pence Halfpenny, British Currency, and after the same

ill Rate for any greater or leis Quantity.

V. And be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of Drawback on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Com malted or unmalted, Exportation u> and on which the Duties by this Act payable thereon shall have G* R

B been fully paid and satisfied, and which shall be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given an additional

Drawback equal in Amount to the additional Countervailing Duty '* imposed by this Act upon Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain i from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, and imported from thence into Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ex- y0 any m}ier port to any other Place than Great Britain Spirits distilled in Ireland Place/ from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, on which the additional

[Proviso.]

Duties imposed by this Act shall have been fully paid and fatiafied, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits a Drawback of Seven pence Halfpenny British Currency; provided that all such Spirits shall be of a Strength not less than of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and which said Drawback shall be over and a^ove all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of such Exportation in respect of such Spirits exported from Ireland to Foreign Parts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any Drawback on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or Exportation of unmalted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in manner Spirits that have required by Law, at any time after the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, there shall be allowed and paid a hu Drawback of One Penny Halfpenny British Currency upon every Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu and in respect of the additional and increased Duties imposed by an Act of this present 8effio* Ante, c. 6a. of Parliament on the Malt used or consumed in the making of such 

Spirits, and which Drawback shall be over and above any other Drawback payable on such Spirits under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of such Exportation; and the said Drawbacks shall be and is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subject to all Rules and Regulations in force in Ireland respecting Drawbacks.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties carried to Duties granted by this Act /the necessary Charges of raising and Consolidated paying the same being deduftea) shall be carried!? and made Part of i, uud*

the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Six pence Duty levied un-per Gallon on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn malted der Regulations or unmalted imposed by this Act, shall be charged on every Distiller prescribed by

in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or distilled 46 G*c by such Distiller, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, ascertained and charged in such Manner and under such Regulations, Directions and Provisions as are contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits JiftiUea in Ireland, and the wr^btnding of such Spirits for Bupottawm^ or in any Act or Asti

for

7^4

Account of Stock taken, and Return made to Collector.

Obstruction, &c. Officers, ice.

C. 139. 55 GEO. flE A.D. 1815

for amending the said Act or in this Act, or any other Act or Act for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirits distilled ii Ireland, or for warehousing the same; and that all and every tin Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, For feitures and Modes of recovering thereof, provided, mentioned anc contained in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid or in any Act for amending the said Act, or in this or any other Act or Acts for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirit! distilled in Ireland, or for the warehousing of any such Spirits, (hal be applied and put in Practice in making Charges of Duty and othei Charges on such Distiller, in respect of the said Duties of Spirit! under this Act, and with respect to the warehousing of any Spirit! charged with Duty under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and enacted in this Act.

X. And, in order to secure the said additional Duty of Six pence by this Act imposed on every Gallon of Spirits, as well British as Irish, in the Stock, Custody or possession of every Distiller or Importer of, Dealer in, Seller, Retailer and Rectifier of Spirits in Ireland, be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and may, by gauging, or otherwise, take an Account of the Quantity of all such Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distiller or Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or Retailer of Spirits, or of any Rectifier of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Person for the Use of any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer or Rectifier respectively, on the said Nineteenth Day of June, and also of all such Spirits not compounded, which on the said Nineteenth Day of June shall be in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Compounder of Spirits in Ireland; and every such Officer or Officers shall make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the respective Districts in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Nineteenth Day of June, of the just and true Quantity of all such Spirits, and of the Amount of the said Duty of Six pence per Gallon thereon respectively, payable over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Person respectively; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them, at any Ware-house, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place of or belonging to any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, or any Place where any Spirits belonging to any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder shall be, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein; or if any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, or Person having the Custody or Possession of such Spirits, shall neglect or refuse to shew to such Officer all the Spirits in every such Warehouse or other Place, such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person into or at whole Warehouse or other Place such Officer or Officers shall not be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein; and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer or Officeri all such Spirits as afore-

j? A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. 0*139* 76$

j said, shall, for every such Offence or Default respectively in any of Penalty, g the cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

7 XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller, Im- DilWler*, &c. to porter, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier or Compounder, who on deliver at Excifa ji the said Nineteenth Day of June shall have had in his, her or their Office Account j Stock, Custody or Possession (other than His Majesty's Warehouses, "

or under His Majesty's Locks) or in any Store Room, Shop, Cellar,

Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person for his, her or their Use, any Spirits whatever, which shall be liable to the said additional Duty of Six pence per Gallon by this Act granted shall, within Thirty one Days after the passing of this Act, deliver at the Office of Excise of the District in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Nineteenth Day of June, a just* true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all such Spirits, which, ou the said Nineteenth Day of June shall have so been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer,

Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier, Compounder or other Person, in every such Warehouse, Store Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his, her or their Use, describing the Places where the same shall respectively be or may have been, and the Situation thereof; and every such Distiller,

Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, ReAifier, Compounder or other Person delivering such Account, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker a solemn Affirmation, before any Chief Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise that such Account is a true, just and perfect Account of all such Spirits as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation any such Commissioner or Sub Commissioner is hereby authorized to administer, and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer,

Rectifier or Compounder, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to b$ delivered the Accounts hereby respectively required, within the respective times aforesaid, or who shall neglect to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any false or untrue Account shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, and all such Spirits of which such Account shall not be delivered within the times aforesaid, or of which any false or uutnie Account shall be delivered, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the Return pro-said additional Duty of Six pence per Gallon on such Spirits shall be during highest chargeable and charged with the said Duty upon the Returns or Ac- Amount of counts to be made and delivered by the Officer of Excise, or by on such Persons respectively under this Act, according to such of the said Returns or Accounts as shall produce the highest Amount of Duty, and that every such Person shall pay the said Duty accordingly, and when no Account shall have been delivered by any DirnUer, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier or Compounder, the Return made by the Officer shall be a conclusive Charge on such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer,

Re&ifio* or Compounder, and that every Person so charged shall, within Two Calendar Months next after the said Nineteenth Day of June, pay to the Collector of Excise of the District, all such Duty as shall oe due by such Person for or on Account of the said additional Duty, or im Default of Payment thereof within the time aforesaid,

7 66

[Penalty.]

Removing Spirits without Permit.

C-139*

jj' GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

proviso.

Permits not granted unless Duty paid.

Spirits for which Permit was granteH before 19th June chargeable with additional Duty*

[Penalty.]

said, every such Person so making Default (ftitt fc'rfeft 'theSWcl Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amounl for which such Person shall be so charged as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chargeable with the said additional Duty and attually charged therewith pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid, who shall remove any Spirits after the said additional Duty shall have been charged thereon as aforesaid, without having paid and cleared off the said additional Duty, or in whose Stock Account, kept by any Officer of Excise, there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Spirit*, without having obtained from the proper Officer or Officers a Permit or Permits authorizing the Removal of the Spirits so deficient, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum eqnal to Double the Amount of the additional Duty chargeable on such Spirits: Provided always, that Whereas by reason of Quantities of Spirits being fold or used by Retailers of Spirits in Quantities so small as not to require a Permit for the Removal thereof, Deficiences may arise between such Stock Account and the aftnal Quantity of Spirits in the Possession of such Retailer, the said Penalty for a. Decrease in Stock shall not be in flitted on any Retailer in any case ill which such Retailer shall satisfactorily prove that such Decrease was solely occasioned by the Removal of Spirits out rf such Retailer^ Stock, in Quantities so small as not to require a Permit for such Removal.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if afiy Person shall have fold or shall fell any Spirits chargeable with the said additional Duty, and shall be desirous of removing such Spirits, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal thereof, unless the said additional Duty hereby imposed, and all other Duties due thereon, shall have been previously paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Spirits for the Removal of which from any Place in Ireland to any other Place within the same either Coastways or by Canal or Land Carriage, a Coast Cocket or Permit shall have been granted before the said Nineteenth Day of June, and which shall arrive at the Place of its Destination, on or after the said Nineteenth Day of Juncy shall on its arrival become chargeable with the said Additional Duty of Six pence for and upon every Gallon thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return thereof in Writing to the CoUettor of Excise of the District in like manner as is herein directed, with respect to the Return to be made by any Officer or Officers, of Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person on the said Nineteenth Day of Jane; and the Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ffier or Compounder, into whose Custody or Possession fflch Spirits shall come on or after the said Nineteenth Day of June, shall he charged with and pay the additional Duty for the same; and every Person so charged shall, within Two Calendar Months ne*t after the Arrival of such Spirits, pay to the Collector of Excise of the District all such Duty is shall be due by such Person for and on account of such Spirits, or 4ft default of Payment thereof at the time aforesaid, every such f*erson so making default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty for -#mch such Person shall be charged as aforesaid, and norther Coast

m "A-Coeket

A.D. 18iJ. 55 GEO. III. C. 139. 76j

Cocket ot Permit shall be granted far the further Removal of such Spirits until the said Duty on the full Quantity of Spirits for the Removal of which a Coast Cocket or Permit shall be required, shall he previously paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall Spirits not da-

be charged with the Additional Duty by this.Ad imposed upon leered before any Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall9th June, de-have fold or con traded to fell any such Spirits to any Person or im-

Persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof pJuj# J before the said Nineteenth Day of June, then and in every such

case the Buyer of the said Spirits shall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of such Spirits without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been chargeable or charged with or shall have paid for such Spirits under the Provisions of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall Spirits delivered be charged with the Additional Duty by this Act imposed upon un or after 19th Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall on or ^ne to Pay after the said Nineteenth Day of June have fold or contracted to ut3r*

fell any such Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then and in every such case the Bayer of the said Spirits shall pay to the Seller the Additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with or shall have paid for such Spirits under this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases when any In case of Non-Duty payable under this Act by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, payment of Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, for or on account of such Du*y

Spirits in his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or in the Custody made*

of any other Person for his or her Use, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duty is by this Act made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District, or other Chief Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain any Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer,

Redifier or Compounder, owing such Duty, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, Importer, Dealer,

Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, together with the Cost* end Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forth* with be tendered and paid to such Distiller, Importer, Dealer,

Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, or his or her respective Representatives; Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be Prorifo. so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, or hit or her respective Representativea, at am time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, obtain Permits for conveying all or any Pafct of such Spirits, upon his, her or their paying to the Collector or other Chief Officer aforesaid,; towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he, she or they shall desire to remove, and the same may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or

KPermits shall on due Application be given for the same in kujteai if in such DistreU had Beta mad*.

0, 139. 55u GEO. III.

Duties, See.ml

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and

Penalties, &c. Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed and made payable, and all how lent, &c. Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied) collected, paid and allowed, sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and exp re (Ted for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland, in 14 & 15 Car. 1. the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King (I.) Sess. 4. c. 8. Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the 46 G. 3. 0106, Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland j or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with Appeal. the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved,

as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Fourteenth and

Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

Ante, c. 6x.

Ante, c. 67.

Duties under Act collect* eil

by Persons pointed to collect Dutis oa Fk* Hearths.

CAP. CXL.

An Act to make further Provisions for the Collection of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carriages and Horses; and in respect of Houses in Ireland.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS in and by Two several Acts made in the present Session of Parliament, one intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs,

in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the like ' Articles; and the other intituled An Act to grant to His Majtjlj

certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Ser ' vants, Carriages and Horses, kept to be let to Hire, certain Rates,

Duties and Taxes are, amongst other things, granted, imposed and

made payable upon Carriages, Horses and Servants jxfpeCbvely

which (half be hired, or which shall be kept to be^et out to Hire,

or which shall be let to Hire in Ireland:,  '

' dient to provide for the more effectual/

Rates, Duties and Taxes Be it the^ef Most Excellent Majesty, by ayo^wjUrth^

Lords Spiritual and Tempqap^&nd; - '

ment assembled, and by thes Au several Rates, Duties and Taxes

it is expe-ittdf the said The King's it of thepresent fisrlia-That thfeftid

lbyG<

i A.D. 1815. 55? GEO. III. C. 140, 141. ify

' same; and every such Person and Persons is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy, collect and receive the said Rates,

1 Duties and Taxes granted and imposed and made payable by the said Acts accordingly, in the same Manner and under and with such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed in the said Acts, or in any Act or Acts therein respectively recited or referred to.

II. And Whereas by the said first recited Act of this present Ante, c. 61. 5*

Session of Parliament, it is, among other things, enacted, that it

shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and 1 Taxes in Ireland, on Application made to them for that Purpose by the Owner or Occupier of any House or Tenement in Ireland,

which shall be untenacted for any longer Term than Three Calen-

dar Months in any one Year and on Proof made on Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that any such House or Te-

nement was so untenacted, to discharge or relieve the Owner or Occupier of such House or Tenement from the Payment of any Duties or Taxes in respect of the Windows and Hearths in such House or Tenement, or in respect of the Rent thereof, for such

time as such House or Tenement shall be so untenacted, by directing the Collector of the said Duties, or any other Officer, to make any such Abatement, Allowance or Repayment to such Owner or Occupier as the said Commissioners, under all the circumstances of the case, shall think fit and proper Be it enacted,

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Clause repealed.

shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Commissioner* lawful for the said commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, from may make R-time to time, to make any Repayment of any Part of the Duties or ^te*nyC Taxes in respect of the Windows or Hearths in any unoccupied House spea of win-or Tenement, or in respect of the Rent thereof, to such Amount and dows, &c. of unin such manner and under such Conditions and Regulations as under occupied all Circumftarices of the respective cases may appear to them -to be Houses, &c. just and reasonable.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to amend an Act made in this Session of Parliament to repeal former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the prefen* Session of Par- Ante, c. 57.

liament, intituled An Act to repeal the Provisions of former 4 A$i, granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Com/pay, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of fitch Privileges; it is, among other things, jSrefrided, that certain Duties shall 5.

be raised upon Goods, W^res and M&*chandize imported into any

the UnIted Kingdom from any Place within the Limits of the.*fi$fe and exclusive Trade heretofore granted to the said Company, ' with' certain Exceptions: And Whereas Provision is made $9.

in thefeid recited Act for raising or recovering Duties upon ExportatBbn, but no Provision is made in relation to Duties of Custorts ugfefh Importation granted by the fafel' &d Be it therefore is so. nc 31) enacted

C. 141.

Duties on Importation of Goods levied as former Duties of Customs.

Goods, kc. subject to Regulations in force,

Penalties, See. of former Acts extended to Ad.

Former Acts relating to Customs extended to Act,

1

& GEO. III.

A.D. 1ttij.

enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties of Customs granted by the said recited Act upon, for or in respect of Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may and shall be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by the said recited Act or this Act, in such and the like manner, and by such and the same means, ways or methods, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also by such special means, ways or methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon Duties of Customs are by the said recited Act charged upon the Importation thereof into the United Kingdom, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively to which the like Good;, Wares or Merchandize were subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland, respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is expressly made by the said recited Act or this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures of whatever nature or kind the same maybe, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts shall, unless where expressly altered by the said recited Act or this Act, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put into Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs granted by the said recited Act, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force in Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the palTing of this Act, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions were made, established or directed for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or fof the remitting or allowing of any Dcdudion of any Duties on Account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into Great Britain or Ireland respectively of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by the said recited Act or this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Trtnss relating thereto, shall and ire hereby declared to be and remain in lull __________ Force 1

55 GEO. III. C. 141, 142.

771

orce and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, act for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. CXLII. m Act to reduce the Duties on all Sheep Wool the Growth of the United Kingdom, which shall be sold by Auction for the Growers or first Purchasers.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the 43 G. 3. c. 69. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to repeal the Duties of Ex rife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 45G. 3. c. 30. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 5.; G. 3. c. 82. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon An Elions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon; and to provide for the regulating and receiving the said Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein: And Whereas an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present 17 G. 3. c 50. Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be lalcn out by all Persons aiding as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods and other Things sold by Auctions; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds,

Deeds and other Instruments: And Whereas by the said recited Ach of the Forty third, Forty fifth and Fifty fourth Years respectively, certain Duties of Excise were made chargeable in Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, for every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at A lift ion in Great Britain and Ireland, respectively: And Whereas by the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of7 G- 3* c 5. His present Majesty, and of another Act passed in the Nineteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the unmanufactured Produce of Land is exempted from the Payment of the Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Forty third and Forty fifth ifears aforesaid, provided the Sale of such Produce is made whilst t continues upon the Lands producing the same, and by the )wher or Owners thereof, their Steward or Agent: And Whereas y the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid all Produce of 54 ^.3. c-8i. iSnd sold by Auction on the Land producing the same, and all Pool sold at any Sale by Auction by the Farming Society of Ireland, or by the Cork Institution, in the manner in the Schedule to ie said Act described, is exempt from the Duties granted by the |l Act: And Whereas it wouTd gresatly facilitate the Sale of iep's Wool of the Growth of \he United Kingdom, and benefit [ Growers and Manufacturers thereof, if the Duties of Excise l of all Sales of Sheep's Wool by Auction for the Growers Purchasers thereof, not exempt under the Provisions of Wfiad recited Act, were reduced; May it therefore pkafe Your Ky that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by Tra King's f j^xceUent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of Spiritual and Temporal, apd Qpmmons, in this present auetiretod, and by the Authority of the same, That,

3 D 2 from

772

Dutict on Purchase Money on Sales by Auction for Benefit of Growers or First Purchasers of Sheep's Wool reduced to id. on every 20s. of Purchase.

c. 142, 143.

JS GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Duty let ied and applied a* here*' tofore.

from and after the passing of this Act, the several Duties granted by the said Acts respectively upon or for or in respect of any Purchase Money arising upon any Sales by Auction for the Benefit of the Growers or First Purchasers of any Sheep's Wool, the Growth or Produce of any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be reduced to the Sum of Two pence upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale by Auction in Great Britain for the Growers or First Purchasers respectively of any Sheep's Wool, the Growth or Produce of any Part of the United Kingdom: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any cases relating to the recovering any Arrears of the said Duties respectively which may on the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have beeft incurred at any time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered and applied, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, in such and the like manner as the Duties hereby reduced were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered and applied; and all Sales by Auction of any such Wool shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Sales were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges.

[6th July 1815.]

43 G. 3. c. 59. < WHEREAS in and by an Act made and passed in the Forty

' third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying certain Dcfc&s in the Laws relative to the*building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works main tained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England, I# 'it is enacted, that it should be lawful to and for the Surveyor of

' Bridges and other Public Works in each and every County respectively within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, appointed or to be appointed by the Justices at any Genera Quarter ' Sessions of the Peace to beholden for such County, and the said Surveyors were thereby authorized and empowered to search for, take ' and carry away Gravel, Stones, Sand and other Materials, for the ' Repair of certain Bridges therein mentioned, and Roads at the Ends

773

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 143.

rials as the preventing and removing of all Nuisances from such

Bridges and Roads, should be, and the same were thereby vetted in the Surveyor and Surveyors of County Bridges, and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid; and the several Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said Act contained relating to Highways, should be, and the same were thereby extended and

applied as far as the same are applicable, to such Bridges and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same and every Part thereof were therein repeated and re-enacted; the Surveyor or Surveyors making Satisfaction and Compensation for all Trespass and Damage done in the Execution of the Powers of that Act, in such and the same manner as the Surveyors of Highways are required to make, in and by the said recited Act:

And Whereas an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the 54^. 3 c. 90.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and extend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges and other Works, maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England, and for extending the said Act to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds: And Whereas it is expedient, that Surveyors of County Bridges and other Persons, being under Contract for the rebuilding or repairing such Bridges, or Bridges repaired by the Inhabitants of Hundreds and other General Divisions of Counties in the nature of Hundreds, should have a more extended Power for procuring Materials than is at present vetted in such Surveyors of County Bridges, by the Operation of the said first recited Act, so far as relates to the procuring of Stone for such Purposes from Quarries; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting Surveyors of of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Surveyor of County Bridges, such Bridges in each and every County within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, appointed or to be appointed by the Justices Contratts, emit any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such powered to take County; and aim to and for the Bridge Matter or all and every Stones for Re-Persons or Person who may at the patting of this Act, or from and Pa, r of County after the patting thereof, be under Contract for the rebuilding or re- Brl ges* pairing of any Public Bridge, built or repaired at the Expence of the Inhabitants of any such County, Hundred or General Division as aforesaid; and such Surveyor and Surveyors, and also such other Consent, &c.of Person or Persons, are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Two Justices of Consent and by the Order of Two Justices of the Peace, acting for Peace necessary. the County in which such Bridge is intended to be rebuilt or repaired, first had and obtained for that Purpose, t to search for, work, dig, get and carry away any Stone, in, from or out of any Quarry or Quarries whatsoever, within the County or Counties to which such Bridge may belong; other than and except such Quarries as may be situated Quarries situated within a Garden, Yard, Avenue to a House, Lawn, Park, Paddock in Garden, &c. or indofed Plantation, or as may now or hereafter have Ornamental not used whout Timber Trees growing thereon, without the Licence or Consent of the Owner or Owners of such Quarry or Quarries, as such Surveyor or other Person or Persons shall judge tyec^Tary for the rebuilding or - .'3 d 3 repair-

C. 14?.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Satisfaction for Sr one, and Danube.

I n case of Re-itffal to treat, Justices at Sessions to cause Value of Stoner, md Amount of Damage, to be ascertained by J ury.

Witnesses called before Jury, examined on Oath.

Justices of Peace may require Sheriffs or Bailiff* to return Juries.

repairing of such Bridges respectively, provided such Quarry or Quarries shall have been worked within the last Three Years preceding the time when such Bridge shall be about to be rebuilt or repaired; the said Surveyor or other Person or Persons making such Satisfaction and Recompence for the Value of such Stone, and also for the Damage to be done to such Quarry or Quarries by the getting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between him or them, and the Owner, Occupier or other Person interested in such Quarry or Quarries respectively; and in case they cannot agree, or such Owner or Occupier or other Person interested shall refuse to treat, then and in every such case the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions, or any Two or more of them appointed for that Purpose, Fourteen Days* Notice having been given to the Owner or his Agent of the Intention to require a Jury, shall cause the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precin A wherein the same shall be situatedj and to that end shall summon and call before such Jury and examine upon Oath (which Oath any Two or more of such Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered to administer) any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, shall, by ordering a View or other wise, use all ways and means for the Information of themselves and of such Jury in the Premises; and when such Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage, the said Justices of the Peace shall thereupon order that the Sum or Sums, which shall so appear to be the Value of fych Stones and Amount of such Damage shall be paid; which Verdict or Inquisition and Order shall be filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the said County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or PrecinA, and shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under Coverture, or any other Disability whatsoever. Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees and Attornies, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

II. And, for the summoning and returning.such Juries, be it further enacted, That such Justices of the Peace or any Twoof them, may issue their Warrant or Warrants, to the Sheriff or Bailiff of any particular County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or PrecinA, within the Limits of which the Quarry be

situated, requiring him to impannel, summon i Jury of Twenty four Jersons qualified t before the said Justices, or^ ' r" as in such Warrant or Wan or Bailiff is and are hereby rq such Number of Persons accoi panaelied, summoned and returne

775

A-0. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 143.

sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff or Bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Ntfmber of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their law- Fine Jry fill Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be rerufiuS to 1P-sworn; and the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them,

i r r, 4. - and on reritms

shall have rower from time to time to impose a rine or Fines on summ(.ncd, re-

such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, making Default filling 10 give

in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned Evidence.

and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or, appearing,

shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse

to give or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other manner

wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and also on any Person who, being summoned and required to give Evidence before the said

Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to

be (worn or to give Evidence, so that no such Fine be more than

Ten Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, on any one Person for

one Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give Expenses of in and deliver a Verdict for more Money as the Value of such Stones Lrv, rfe" and Amount of such Damage, than what shall have been offered for frr, ycJ' the Purchase thereof by such Surveyor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid out of the Rates to be collected within such County respectively } but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict for no more or for less Money than the Money which shall have been so offered by such Surveyor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with wham such Controversy or Dispute touching the Value of such Stones and Amount of such Damage shall arise, and shall be levied by the Warrant of one of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons made liable to the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Appeal or Persons shall or may think himself, herfeif or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Limit wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, every such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days'

Notice at least in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Ap- Notice, peal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall Jbe made^nd within Three Days next after such Notice entering iftto a Recognizance before some Recognizance, Justice of the Peace acting for thtf County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide by the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session aforesaid; and the Justice* to de-said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being termine in a given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognpance, shall fumtnary way' Bear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of every such Appeal in a summary way, and make such A^ard to the Party appeal-3 D

43 G 3-c-59-

5 a.

12 G. 1. C. 29.

Justices to contract, Sec. for Repair,c. of Coun y Bridges, liC.

[Proviso.]

12 G. 2. c. 29.

c. 143.

5S GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

ing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices so assembled shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers contained in

an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Lams relative to

the Building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works

maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England,

for authorizing the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Ri- ding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, to contract for maintaining and keeping in 1 Repair Roads over County Bridges, and so much of the Roads at ' the ending thereof as by Law i3 to be repaired at the Expence of

Counties, although no Presentment shall have been made of the

want of Repair, as directed by an Act passed in the Twelfth

Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy ajfffing, co lie ft ing and levying of County Rates,

Should be extended to the Bridges as well as to the Roads at the

End thereof; Be it further enacted, That, from and after the Day of passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions respectively, to contract and agree, or to authorize any other Person or Persons to contract and agree, with any Person or Persons, for the maintaining and keeping in Repaif any County or Hundred Bridge, and the Road over such County or Hundred Bridge, and so much of the Road at the Ends thereof as are by Law liable to be repaired at the Expence of any such County, Hundred, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate Of Liberty, or any Part of the same; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to order such Sum or Sums of Money as may be contracted for and agreed to be paid for the repairing, amending and supporting such Bridges, and the Roads over the same, or the Ends thereof, to be paid (in cases where the County is liable to the Repair thereof) by the Treasurer of the County out of the County Rate, or (in cases where the Hundred is liable to the Repair of the same) by the Bridge Matter (or other Public Officer charged with the Repair of Bridges) of the Hundred by which such Bridge is liable to be repaired, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, nor less than One, although no Presentment of Inefficiency, Decly or want of Repair of the same shall have been made, and although no Public Notice shall have been given by the said Justices, at their respective General or Quarter Session, of their Intention to contract for the Repair of such Bridges, or the Roads at the Ends thereof, as respectively directed by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King Gemrc the Second: Provided fcevertheless, that before any such Contract shall be made, thevfrfd'Justices shall cause Notices to be given in some Fftblic Paper d&ptodh) such County, City, Riding, Hundred, Diviikg* ToWIls6il!fepWb, for Liberty, of their Intention to contract.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 144.

777

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to purchase Premises for the erecting additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices in Dublin.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is found expedient that additional Docks, Warehouses, Stores and Offices should be made and erected in Dublin, for the Department of the Customs Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall Commissioners and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties of Customs may

in Ireland, for the time being, or {any Three or more of them, and com raft for Pur-

they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time by and

with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other &c.-

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland', and of the Lord High

Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of such Commissioners, to contract with the

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House or Houses, or Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground, contiguous to the said Custom House in Dublin,

and to the Docks there, and with the Lefiee or Lessees of any such

House, Building or Ground, or with any Body or Bodies Corporate,

Sole or Aggregate, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Infant, issue unborn,

Feme Covert, Idiot or Lunatic respectively, for the Purchase of any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground, and for the respective Interests of all such Persons who shall be entitled thereto, and which said Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, shall be and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to contract and agree with, and to fell^and convey unto the said Commissioners, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors the Estates, Rights and Interests of such Persong respectively as aforesaid, in order and for the Purpose of making and erecting such additional Docks, Stores, Warehouses and Offices upon the Scite of such House or Houses, or Building and Ground respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, In fe Parties and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lefiee or cTannot aree Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole, or Aggregate, or the jfc^ru^Value^ Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Com- of Premises. mitteesof any Infant, issue unborn, Feme Qpvert, Idiot, Lunatic, or any of them, cannot agree, the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriffs of the City of Dublin, to command such Sheriffs to summon and return, and such Sheriffs are hereby directed and required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds (which Penalty such of|Dmissioners may, by an Order Penalty, under their Hands and Seals, impofej to fqpnmon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to

serve

144.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815. Ul

[Penalty.]

On Payment of Money awarded to Persons entitled thereto, or, where any Incapacity on Party to receive, o Payment of Purchase Money into Court of Chancery, legal Conveyances made of Pre-tnifes to Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Trust for His Majesty.

ferre on Juries, and being Inhabitants of the said City, not lefa than Thirty or more than Sixty Persons, to appear before the said Commissioners, at such time and Place as by such Warrant or Precept aforesaid shall be directed and appointed, of which Time and Place such Persons so summoned as Jurors shall have Forty eight Hours' previous Notice; and every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole, or Aggregate, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Infant, Issue unborn, Feme Covert, Idiot, Lunatic, or any of them, if to be found, shall have Seven Days previous Notice, and an Advertisement thereof, and of such Warrant having issued, shall be published Three times in some Dublin Newspaper, the First Day of which Publication shall be Twenty Days at lead previous to the Day on which such, Jury shall be summoned to attend, and such Persons so summoned and returned are hereby required, under the Penalty of Five Pounds each (which such Commissioners, or any Three of them, may in like manner as aforesaid impose) to appear before such Commissioners at such time and Place as in such Warrant or Precept shall be directed and appointed, and to attend until discharged by such Commissionerc, and out of such Persons so returned, a Jury of Twelve indifferent Persons shall be drawn by Ballot by some Person Lo be appointed by such Commissioners; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence such Commissioners are hereby respectively authorized to administer) ascertain the Value of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground, and the Value of the several and respective Interests of such Persons as shall have any Right or Title thereto, and the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall and may give Judgment for the Sum or Sums of Money at which such House or -Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground shall be so valued, and such Verdict and Judgment thereupon shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender in Money or in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, payable to Bearer, of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded and adjudged to the Person or Persons entitled thereto if of full Age, or in case any such Person or^ersons shall bean Jifent or Infants, to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, or in case of any Claims of any Creditors, or of any Dispute or Difference arising with respect to tllifc Person or Persons entitled to receive (ach Sum or Sums of Money, or in case the Person or Party entitled thereto be under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or poflHfed of only a particular or deternqpable Ellate or Intexeft ^herein, upon Payment thereof into the Court of Chancery Use of the

Person or Persons entitled' thereto or Sums the said

Court shall and may receive >r the to whom, the

lame shall be paid or tendered, 01

paid into the Court of Chancerr ..

iDr whomxhe legal I

for d m

Hi

; -d

i fci

179

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 144.

for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and to their Successors in Trull, for His Majesty and his Successors, good, legal and valid Conveyances and Alignments of their respective Interests, in and to such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so paid or tendered, and all Bargains, Sales and Conveyances to be made by Persons of full Age, or by Guardians of Infants, to such Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Force, Effect and Operation in Law to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or suffered by the Person or Persons so conveying, or by any such Infant or Infants if of full Age; and such Commissioners and their Successors shall, from and immediately after the Execution of such Conveyance or Conveyances, or of any Conveyance or Conveyances pursuant to the Directions of this Act, have and hold such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground absolutely freed and discharged of and from all and every Judgment, Charge or Incumbrance whatever, acknowledged, had, made or created by any such Person or Persons so conveying, or by any Person or Persons from or under whom he, she or they derive Title.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such House or When Premises Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of ar* settled by Ground shall be in any manner settled or entailed, and that there Email, and no shall not be any Person or Persons in being entitled to convey by ^onve^Per himself, herself or themselves, or by his; her or their Trustee or son in Possession Trustees, Guardian or Guardians as aforesaid, the entire and absolute empower*, d 10 Eilate and Intered of and in such Premises, or any of them, then upon convey, and Payment of the Sum or Sums, which shall be so awarded and adjudged Court of Chan-for such Premises into the Court of Chancery in Ireland, for the Use of p^haie*the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, it shall and may Money.

be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall be seized of such Premises, for his, her or their Life or Lives^ or otherwise, and they are hereby directed and empowered to convey the same, and all Right, Title, Estate and Interest in or to the same, to such Commimoners and their Successors, freed and absolutely discharged of and from such Settlement or Entail, and all and every Limitation,

Proviso and Condition in such Settlement contained; and the said Court of Chancery shall and may, upon a Petition to be preferred for such Purpose, ascertain and direct to what Person or Persons, and in what Proportions such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Court of Chan-to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be'awarded and adjudged cer>'to or<ler for any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Plot or ^mTde "onlelV Parcel of Ground, shall neglect or refuse to execute a Conveyance or g^ cause Conveyances to such Commissioners of such House or Houses, ihewntocon-Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Ground, trary.

or to give such Commissionets the actual Possession thereof, such Commissioners may prefer a Petition to the Court of Chancery in Mandt praying that such Person or Persons who shall so neglect or refuse may be directed to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, and deliver the Possession of any such Premises; and the said Court shall upon hearing of such Petition, unless same good Cause shall be shewn to the contrary, order and direct such Conveyance or Con-

C. 144.

Witnessiss refuting to give Evidence before Jury.

Fine.

Money paid out of Duties of Customs.

Penalties how levied and applied.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

veyances to be executed, and shall by the Injunction of the said Coin cause such Commissioners to be put into the Possession of such Pre mises; and in case such Person or Persons who shall be so ordere and directed to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances shall neglet for the Space of One Calendar Month after such Order shall be pro nouneed, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, tt order and direct One of the Masters of the said Court, to execute; Conveyance or Conveyances of such Premises, to such Commissioneri and their Successors, and every such Conveyance by such Matter ttial have the like Force and Effect in Law and Equity, as if the same had been executed by such Person or Persons so ordered and directeti to execute the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to summon in Writing such Person or Persons as may be found necessary to give Evidence before any Jury to be impannelled for the Purpose of this Act, as well on behalf of the said Commissioners as of any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Infant, Issue unborn, Feme Covert, Idiot, Lunatic or any of them, and in case such Person or Persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid shall (having been tendered his or her reasonable Expences) refuse or neglect to attend at the Place in such Summons to be specified within Twenty four Hours if resident in the City of Dublin, and if resident at a Distance from the said City, within a reasonable time after Service thereof, or shall refuse to give Evidence, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three or more of them, upon Proof of the Service of such Summons by the Oath of some credible Person (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer), to impose such Fine or Fines on such Person or Persons so refuting or neglecting to attend as aforesaid, or refusing to give Evidence, as to them the said Commissioners may fecra proper, any such Fine not to exceed Fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Inland for the time being, to pay all such Sums of Money as fhMl be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, out of any Money in their Hands, arising from the Duties of Customs payable in Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Penalty and

Penalties imposed, or to be imposed by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Civil Bili to be brought for the same in the Name of the Secretary of the Cl^eus forthetime being, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for ^lMGetmty of the City of Dublin, and such Penalties when recoverj^AA^plied to the lame Purposes as the Revenues arising from^SBBip^ the Importation of Goods under the Management a^g^gftussioners of Customs of Ireland*.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 145, 14&

781

CAP. CXLV.

An Act to increase the Allowance to the Poll Office in Ireland, in respect of Packet Boats to Great Britain.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty's *Reign, intituled An Act for ejlallishing certain Regulations eon-< ctrning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the*Post between Great Britain and Ireland, it was, among other things,enacted, that until the General Poll Office of Ireland shall have*established Packet Boats for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Ireland to Great Britain, there should be allowed ' in account from the General Letter Office or Poll Office in Great Britain to the Revenue of the Poll Office in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Pounds per Annum, by Quarterly Payments, in lieu as well of the Profits of the said Packets as in Compensation for other Purposes: And Whereas such Packet Boats*have not yet been established by the General Poll Office in Ireland, ' and it is expedient that the said Allowance should be increased Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the General Poll Office of Ireland shall have established Packet Boats for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed in account from the General Letter Office or Poll Office in Great Britain^ to the Revenue of the Poll Office in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds per Annum in the whole, by Quarterly Payments, in lieu as well of the Profits of the said Packets as in Compensation for other Purposes.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to regulate, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Trade with any French Colony which may come into His Majesty's Possession or remain Neutral.

[6th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances;W that the Trade and Commerce to and from any French*Colony or Plantation that may be captured by or surrendered to*His Majesty's Arms, or that may be put under the Protection of*His Majesty, or that may not take Part with His Majesty's Enemies*in the present Hostilities, should be regulated for a certain time in i such manner as shall seem proper to His Majesty, by and with the 1 Advice of His Privy Council, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament that may be construed to affect*the same; Be it therefore enacted by The, King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing

of

*4 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 6.

*4.

Until Packet Boats established from Ireland to G.B. Post Office In G. B. to allow Irish Poll Office 9, cool, per Ann.

73a C. 14 & 147. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18i$

Trade and Com- of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and wit! merce with the Advice of His Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be ifluec regulated  nie8 ^rom Vme to time>to give such Directions and make such Regulation; Order fnCoun- touching the Trade and Commerce between any such Colony ot cil. Plantation and any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any 1a Car. 1. c.x8. thing contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or in any other Act or Acts of Par-lament, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Goods imported

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Mer-or exported con- chandize whatever shall be imported into or exported from any such forfeited^fhS Colony or Plantation, or shall be exported from any Part of His Velfeb carry1ing Majesty's Dominions to any such Colony or Plantation, or if any them. Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so imported or exported in

any manner whatever, contrary to any such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Forfeiture how Furniture, Tackle and Apparel; and every such Forfeiture shall sued for. and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by such and the like

ways, means and methods, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, in Places where respectively the Offences shall be committed, and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid and applied, in like manner in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Continuance of

III. And be it further enacted, That thiss Act shall continue in force until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands, belonging to their Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, so taken in Exchange, to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Land^ to become Glebe in certain Cases; and for other Purposes.

[*6jh July 1815.]

783

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 147.

Glebe Lands and Parsonage or Glebe Houses thereof could be by

Law exchanged for other Lands of greater Value, or more conleniently situated, and for other and more convenient Houses: And ' Whereas there are also divers Lands and Tenements which have been

accustomed to be granted or demised by the Incumbent for the time being of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, for One, Two or Three Lives, or for a Term or Terms of Years absolutely or determinable on a Life or Lives*

as being holden by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, under some Manor or Lordship belonging to such Benefices, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, and it would therefore be advantageous to the said Benefices if the same Lands and Tenements, or some of them, or some Part thereof, were annexed as Glebe to the Living or Benefice to which they belong; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Puerto ex-and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Parson, ^Houses and Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being, of any Ecclesiastical ofebeTamfc1 Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, by Deed in- far other Houses dented, and to be registered in manner herein after mentioned, and and Lands, with the Consent of the Patron of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy

or Parochial Chapelry, and of the Bishop of the Diocese wherein the same is locally situate (to' be signified as herein after is mentioned), to grant and convey to any Person or Persons, and to his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, or otherwise, as he or they shall direct or appoint, or to any Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, and his or their Successors, the Parsonage or Glebe House, and the Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances thereof, and the Glebe Lands, and any Pastures, Feedings or Rights of Common or Way appendant, appurtenant or in grots, or any or either of such House,

Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Glebe Lands, Pastures, Feedings, or Rights of Common or Way, or any Part or Parts thereof, belonging to any such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in lieu of and in exchange for any House, Outbuildings,

Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, and any Lands, or any or either of them, whether lying within the local Limits of such Benefice,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry or not, but so as that the same be situate conveniently for actual Residence or Occupation by the Incumbent thereof, the same also being of greater Value or more conveniently situated than the Premises so to be given in Exchange, and being of Freehold Tenure, or being of of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of any Manor belonging to the same Benefice, and also for the Parson, Vicar or Incumbent for the time being of the same Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, by the same or a like Deed, and with the like Consent, and testified as aforesaid, to accept and take in Exchange to him and his Successors for ever, from any Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, any other House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Easements and Appurtenances, and any other Lands, or any or either of such House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Easements and Appartenances, the same respectively being of Freehold Tenure, or being Copyhold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of any

Manor

C.I47-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Writ of Ad ^uod damnum.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Premises given in Exchange subject to same Tithe*, Vc. at those taken in Exchange (except in certain case*.)

Manor belonging to the same Benefice, and being of greater Value or more conveniently situated, in lieu of and in Exchange for such Parsonage or Glebe House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Glebe Lands and Appurtenances, and such Pastures, Feedings and Rights of Common or Way, or any or either of them, so to be granted and conveyed, and which said House, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances so to be accepted and taken in Exchange, by any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, shall for ever, from and after such Grant and Conveyance thereof, be the Parsonage and Glebe House and Glebe Lands and Premises of the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall become annexed to the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and be holden and enjoyed by such Incumbent and his Successors accordingly, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; and that the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the said House, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises so to be annexed, which before such Annexation were of of Tenure, shall for ever, from and after such Annexation, become and be of Freehold Tenure, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to authorize the granting or conveying in Exchange by any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, either at one and the same time, and by one and the same Incumbent, or at different times, and by several Incumbents, and in several Portions, any greater Quantity in the whole than Thirty Statute Acres of the Glebe Lands of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry: Provided also, that in all cases when such Exchange shall be made by any Owner or Owners having any less Ellate or Interest than in Fee Simple of or in the Messuage, Buildings, Lands and Premises so to be by him, her or them granted or conveyed in Exchange, or being any Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or Person or Persons under any legal Disability, the Parsonage House, Outbuildings and Glebe Lands respectively to be so taken in Exchange as aforesaid, shall at the time of making such Exchange be of equal Value with, or not of less Value than the said Messuage, Buildings, Lands and Premises respectively so to be granted and conveyed in Exchange to such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent.

II. Provided always, That in all cases where the Lands or any Part or Parts thereof to be conveyed in Exchange to any Parson, Vicar or Incumbent, and to be annexed as Glebe to any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, under the Authority of this Act, shall either separately or jointly with other Lands or Tenements be, at the time of such Conveyance by any means whatsoever, exempt or discharged from the Render of Tithes in Kind, or subject to or covered by any Modus, Composition Real or Prescription in lieu of Tithes in Kind, then the Lands or Premises to be conveyed in Exchange by such Parson, Vicar or Incumbent, and which before such Exchange were Glebe of or belonging to the same Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall (unless it be agreed betwen the Parties to such Exchange that the lame shall \ become and be subject to the Render or Payment of Tithes in Kim!) from and immediately after such Conveyance in Exchange (in case such first mentioned Lands arc situate in the same Parish, Vicarage or

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 147.

7*

Parochial Chapelry, with the said Lands or Premises before Glebe thereof, or belonging thereto, but not otherwise) become and be either exempt or discharged from Tithes in Kind, in like manner with or (as the case may be) subject to or covered by the same Modus, Composition Real or Prescription in lieu of Tithes in Kind, as the Lands so to be conveyed in Exchange to the said Parson, Vicar or Incumbent, were exempt or discharged from, or subject to or covered by, before such Exchange was made.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Incumbent of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, wherein or in respect whereof any such Exchange as is authorized by this Act shall have taken place, or his Successors, shall at any time thereafter be evicted or ejected from the peaceable and quiet Possession and Enjoyment of the House, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises, or any of them, which shall have been granted and conveyed in Exchange to such Incumbent, according to the Provisions of this Act, by or by reason or in consequence of any Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, claiming Right thereto, through any Title prior to that of or through any Defect of, Title of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, granting or conveying the same in Exchange; but nevertheless that it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Corporation, claiming such Right, and he, she or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to have, use, exercise and enjoy all such and the same Powers and Remedies in trying his, her or their Right tc> and in obtaining and recovering Possession of any House, Outbuildings, Land and Premises, or any of them, which shall have been granted in Exchange by any such Incumbent, ao the Person or Persons, or Corporation Sole or Aggregate, so claiming would, in case this Act had not been made, have been enabled to use, exercise and enjoy in trying the Right to and in recovering and obtaining Possession of the House, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises, or any of them, in Exchange for which the same shall so have been granted and conveyed by any such Incumbent, under the Authority of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the ?3rfon, Vicar or other Incumbent of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, of or to which Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, any Manor or Lordship is Parcel or appurtenant, and as Parcel of or belonging to which Manor or Lordship any Lands or Tenements are or have been usually granted or demised, orgrantable or demifable by Copy of CourtRoll, or otherwise, for any Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years absolutely or determinable on any Life or Lives, by Deed indented (and to be regtflcred as herein after mentioned) with the Consent of the Patron and Bishop (to be testified as herein after mentioned) to annex to the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as and for Glebe Land, or Parsonage or Glebe House or Houses and Buildings thereof, all or any Part or Parts of such Lands or Tenements, whether lying within the Local Limits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or not, and that from and after such Annexation the said Lands and Tenements so annexed shall cease to be thereafter grantable or demifable by any Incumbent of the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry /otherwise than

J5 Geo. III. 3 E af

After Exchange Incumbent not evicted.

Power to annex Premises belonging to Manors, and heretofore grantable and demifable as of of otherwise.

Cii47'-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Such Annexations not to annul eliding

Dfrv

mifiw*

Power to annex Parsonage Houses, 8cc. by Benefaction.

Writ of Ad food damnum.

ar Glebe Lands are or shall be by Law grantable or demilable) tot shall from thenceforth be and become, and be deemed and taken to be the Glebe Lands and Parsonage or Glebe House or Houses of and annexed to such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Cha. pflry, for ever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no such Annexation shall in any wise annul, determine dr affect any Grant or Demise then previously made and actually eicifting of the said Lands and Tenements so to be annexed as lait aforesaid.

V. And Whereas it is expedient to enlarge and amend the Laws

now in being for providing Parsonage Houses with suitable Out-

buildings and other Accommodations for the Residence of the 6 Clergy, by way of Benefaction-; Be it further enacted, That where there shall be no existing Parsonage or Glebe House on any Ecde* fiastical (Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or where the existing Parsonage or Glebe House, or the Outbuildings thereof, o any such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be. inconvenient or too small or incommodiously situate, it shall be lawful from and after the passing of this Act for any Person or Persons, being Owners in Fee Simple, -or for any Corporation Sole or Aggregate, with or without Confirmation, as the case may require, and by and with such Consent, and to be signified as herein after mentioned*of: the Incumbent, Patron and Bishop, to give, grant and convey>'byDeed indented, and to be registered as herein after is mentioned to any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent of such Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry, for the time being, who shall also have Power to accept the same, any Messuage, Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, Orchard and Croft, or any of them, with their Appurtenances, or any Right of Way, or other Easement, whether lying within the Local Limits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry or not, but so a* that the same be conveniently situate for adnal Residence or Occupation by the Incumbent thereof; and which Messuage, Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, Orchard and Croft, with their Appurtenances or Right of Way, or other Easement, shall for ever from and after such Grant and Conveyance thereof be and become annexed to and be deemed and taken to be the Parsonage or Glebe House, Outbuildings, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Croft, Appurtenances and Right of Way, or other Easement of the said Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry, tp all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and beholden and enjoyed by the said Incumbent and his Successors accordingly, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; the Statute- of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and from and after such Grant and Annexatiomittfliil be lawful for the Incumbent for the time being of the said Benefice, Curacy or Cha-

elry, to which fdch Grant and Annexation shall l&ve been made, the Consent in Writing of such Patron and Bishop under their and Seel* to be duly registered as herein after is mentioned-), to and ttmove any Parsonage or Glebe House, and Oil*tvThu&thenBof, which before such Annexuttoti befog Curacyot Chapelry

I a:

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. CT. 147; 7^7

apply the Materials, or the Produce thereof, if fold, towards some lading Improvement of the said Benefice, Curacy or Chapelry:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable any Persons being Infants or Lunatics, or Femes Covert without their Husbands, to make any such Gift, Grant or Conveyance; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[17 G. 3. C. 53.]

VI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the life of their Benefices: And Whereas one other Act was passed in the Twenty fibril Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled' H G*3* c'*' An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses} and other necessary Buildings and Tenements) for the Use of their Benefices: And Whereas there are many Ecclesiastical Benefices, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries to which no Glebe Land, or only a small Portion of Glebe Land is belonging; md it is therefore expedient to enable the making Provision by Purchase, for the Annexation of Glebe Land to inch Benefices,

Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries Be it thereforether enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall Power to pur-lawful for the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time chase Land, ng, of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial apelry, the existing Glebe whereof shall not exceed Five Statute res, with the Consent of the Patron and Bishop, to be signified as nnafter mentioned, to purchase any Lands not exceeding in the tie Twenty Statute Acres, with the necessary Outbuildings eon, whether being within the Local Limits of the said Bene-Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or- not, but so as that same be situate conveniently for building a Parsonage or a Glebe tfe, and Outbuildings, and for Gardens and Glebe thereof, or for the said Purposes, and for atlual Residence and Occupation he Incumbent thereof, such Land being of Freehold Tenure, eing of of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, holden of Vlanor or Lordship belonging to the same Benefice, Perpetual: y or Parochial Chapelry; and which Lands so purchased shall to be annexed to er, from and after the Grant and Conveyance thereof, be and Benefits as ie annexed to and Glebe of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or" an<*

hial Chapelry, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and be 1 and enjoyed by such Incumbent, and his^ Successors accord-without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum; and the of Land e or any Part or Parts of the said Lands, which before such <0 purchased tation were or was of of Tenure, shall for ever, from !}0!je.n tfcf such Annexation, become and be of Freehold Tenure; the 0*f of Mortmain or any other Statute or Law to the contrary i Handing.

Ancf, for the better effectuating such Purchases as aforesaid, and by Mort-rther That it shall be lawful for such Parson, Vicar gage of Tithe*,

r for the time being, with the Consent of the Jc-t0"!^eSum

788

X7G- 3-C-53-

not exceeding Two Year* net

Income.

C. 147.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Patron and BifHop (to be signified as herein after is mentioned), to borrow and take up at Interest (over and besides the Monies authorized to be borrowed under the Authority and for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be certified by a Valuation upon Oath of some skilful and experienced Surveyor to be the true and just Value of the said Lands at the time of the Purchase thereof, not exceeding Two Years clear Income and Produce of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, after deducing all Taxes and other Outgoings whatever, except the Salary to the Assistant Curate (if any); and as a Security for Repayment of the Money so to be borrowed, to mortgage the Tithes, Rents and other Profits and Emoluments of or belonging to such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to any Person or Persons who shall advance such Money by One or more Deed or Deeds (to be registered as herein after mentioned) for the Term of Twenty five Years, or until the Principal Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the same, and all Coils and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be fully paid off and satisfied; which Mortgage Deed or Deeds shall bind, as well such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, executing such Mortgage or Mortgages, as also his Successors, and a Counterpart thereof shall be executed by the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and be kept by the Incumbent; and the Parson, Vicar or Incumbent for the time being of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall and he is hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees yearly and every Year, a3 the same shall become due, or within One Month afterwards, as well the Interest of the Principal Money secured by such Mortgage or Mortgages, as also the further Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Principal Money originally advanced on such Mortgage or Mortgages; and that every Incumbent who shall not reside Twenty Weeks in every Year upon such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, computing each Year from the Date of the First or only Mortgage Deed, shall and he is hereby required, instead of the said Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to pay within the Period aforesaid the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Principal Money originally advanced on such Mortgage or Mortgages, until the whole of such Principal Money, with the Interest, Costs and Charges shall be fully paid off and discharged; and that every such Incumbent who shall pay only Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of such Principal Money shall, at the time of Payment thereof, produce and deliver to the Mortgagee a Certificate under the Hands of Two Reflors, Vicars or other Officiating Ministers of some Parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had, relided Twenty Weeks upon the said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, within the Year for which such Payment.became due; and in Default of Payment of the Principal, Interest,

; Costs and Charges in manner aforesaid, the Bishop shall have Power  to fequeller the Profits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Pa-j rochial Chapelry, until such Payment shall be made $ and if at any time or times the said Principal and Interest, or any Part ther shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Forty Days next after the yearly Day of Payment whereon the same shall have become

due,

due, it shall be lawful for the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and his* her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to recover the same, or such Part thereof as shall be so unpaid, and the Colls and Charges attending such Recovery, by Distress and Sale, in such manner as Landlords are or shall be by Law authorized to recover Rents in Arrear; and in order that the Payment of the same Principal and Interefb may, in cases of Avoidance by Death or otherwise, be justly and equitably ascertained and adjusted between the Parson,

Vicar or Incumbent avoiding such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or his Representatives, and his Successor, in such Proportions as the Profits of such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall have been received by them respectively for the Year in which such Death or Avoidance shall happen, such Payment shall in case any Difference shall arise in settling the Proportions thereof, be ascertained and determined by Two indifferent Persons, the one to be named by the Person making such Avoidance, or his Representatives in case of his Death, and the other by the said Successor; and in case such Nominees shall not be appointed within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Death or Avoidance, or in case they shall not agree in settling such Proportions within the Space of One Calendar Month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring Clergyman to be nominated by the Bishop, whose Determination shall be fin^ and conclusive between the Parties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, for promoting the Pur- Governors of poses of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of Queen Anne's the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Mainten- Boumy emptm-ance of the Poor Clergy, from and out of the Monies which have phoney/11 arisen or shall from time to time arise from that Bounty, to advance

and lend, in respect of each Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the clear annual improved Value whereof shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, without Interest, but for Repayment of the Principal whereof such Mortgage as is hereinbefore mentioned shall be executed; and also to advance or lend, for or in respect of each Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the clear annual improved Value whereof shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, any Sum not exceeding Two Years yearly Income of such Benefice upon such Mortgage as aforesaid, and to receive Interest for the same at any Rate ndt exceeding Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Colleges may any College or Hall within the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, lend with or

or for any other Corporate Bodies, being Owners of the Patronage without Interest.

of Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money of which they have the Power to dispose, for the Convenience of the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry

within the Patronage of fuen College or Hall, upon Mortgage as

hereinbefore directed, either upon Interest or without any Interest.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Consent of Parfoo, Vicar or other Incumbent as aforesaid, shall be desirous of Patron and effecting any Exchange, Purchase or Mortgage under the Provi- El(hpt?iU fions of this Act, the Consent of the Patron and Bishop to every change, Mon-Deed of Exchange, Conveyance or Mortgage shall, before the same gagB or Por-

3E 3

shall chafe.

C. 14, 7.

St' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

shall be signed and lealed by the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent, be signified by the said Patron and Bishop respectively, being made Parties to, and signing and sealing the said Deed in the Presence of Two or more credible Persons, who shall by Indorsement thereon attest such signing and sealing, and in which Attestation it shall be expressed that the same Deed was so signed and sealed by such Patron and Bishop before the Execution thereof by such Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent,

XI. And Whereas there are within divers Dioceses certain exempt Jurisdictions called Peculiars belonging to the Archbishops and Bishops of other Dioceses, and it is expedient that all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Bishop of the Diocese should as to such Peculiars be given to the Archbishop or Bishop

to whom the same respectively belong j* Be it therefore further Powers executed enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities given by by Ardihilhop8 Act to the Bishop of any Diocese shall, with respect to the having Peculiars ^evera* Peculiars locally situated within such Diocese, be vetted in

and exercised by the Archbishop or Bishop to whom such Peculiars shall respectively belong, and not by the Bishop within whose Diocese such Peculiars shall be locally situated, but that within all and every Peculiar and Peculiars belonging to any other Person or Corporation than Archbishops or Bishops, such Powers and Authorities shall be vested in and exercised by the Bishop of the Diocese within which such Peculiars shall be locally situated.

Power to Ow-

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting ner*toonvey of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Owner or

SaleC #nSe or Owners of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, whether such Owner or Owners shall be a Corporation Sole or Aggregate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life or Lives, and for the Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands or Committees of or acting for any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any Exchange or Purchase authorized by this Act shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert or Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself, by Deed or Deeds indented, and to be registered as herein after is mentioned j and with such Consent, and to be signi-- 'fied as hereinbefore is mentioned, of such Incumbent, and qi the patron and Bishop, to grant and convey to any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, '^Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, any Messuage, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens and Lands, with their Appurtenances, o/r'any Fifeffuage or Outbuildings only, or any Lands (wrhh ?r without necessary Outbuildings) only of such Jieu of

and in Exchange for any Parsonage House^OM Gardens and Glebe Lands, and Rights of

Common, or any of them, or any belonging to

any such Benefice, Perpetual, Curae^ (in

-'ues of Purchase, ), to felt and Vicar' or

" Incumbent ^njf J^uida ^hole' Tw^pty

A.D. 18t$. 55 GEO. III. C. 147.

-Outbuildings and Glebe Lands so to be granted and conveyed 'in Exchange by any Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent (with such Consent and tn such Manner as aforesaid), shall for ever, from and after such Grant or Conveyance thereof, be and become vested in and settled upon the same Person or Persons, and to, for and under the ifame Uses, Estates, Trusts and Limitations, and subject to the same Powers, Conditions, Charges and Incumbrances as the said Messuage, Outbuildings, Lands and Premises so to be granted and conveyed in Exchange were vested in, settled upon and subject to before such Exchange thereof, or would have been vested in, settled upon and subject to in case such Exchange had not been made; and -which said Sum or Sums of Money to be received for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments shall in all cases where the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased belong to any Corporation Sole or Aggregate, Infant, Feme Covert, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England', in the Name and with the Privity -of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be; placed to his Account ex parte the Person or Persons or Corporation, who would have been entitled to the Rents, Issues and Profits of such Lands or Hereditaments, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied or laid out under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to ibe preferred by or on behalf of the Person or Persons who would 'have been entitled to the Rents, Issues and Profits of such Lands or Hereditaments), in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Payment of any Debts or Incumbrances affecting the same Lands or Hereditaments, or other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled to the same or the like Uses, or in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be conveyed* settled and made subject to and for and <upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations and Dif-positiona, and in the same manner as the Lands or Hereditaments-so purchased as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Purchase and Conveyance shall be exist-iing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, Jje invented by the said Accountant General in his Name, in some one flf the Public Funds of this Kingdom, and the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in case no Purchase and Conveyance thereof had been made under the Provisions of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or Tenant in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or the Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands or Committees, of oracting for any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any Sale authorized by this Act, shall be respectm&v Infants, Femes Covert or Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or to fell or convey (except by way of Exchange, a. in manner by dns

3 E 4 AS

Vi?1

Preioifes exchanged settled to same Uses.

Application of Purchase Monies of Premises fold.

Persons Incapacitated not to convey (except in Exchange) more than Five Acres.

Where Exchange or Purchase made Notice previously t'tven.

C.47.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Map and Valuation on actual Survey made of Premises j; iven and taken in Exchange or purchased.

Bishop to UTue a Com m i Hi on of Enquiry.

Act directed) any Lands or Grounds whatsoever, for any of the Purposes of this Act, exceeding the Quantity of Five Statute Acres.

XIV. Provided also, That in all cases where any Exchange 0 Purchase shall be made under the Authority of this Act, Six Calen dar Months previous Notice, describing the Particulars, Extent anc Situation of the Premises respectively to be given and taken ir Exchange or purchased, shall be given of the Intention to make such Exchange or Purchase, by the Insertion of the same Notice fot Three successive Weeks in some one and the same Newspaper of and in general Circulation in each County wherein the Premises so to be given and taken in Exchange or purchased, or any Part thereof, are (itiiate; and also by affixing such Notice in Writing on a con-fpicuoue Part of the Door of the Church or Chapel of each Parish or Chapelry wherein such Premises or any Part thereof are situate, on Three Sundays successively whereon Divine Service shall be performed, and shortly before the Commencement of such Service on each Sunday in such Church or Chapel.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Exchange or Purchase is intended to be made under the Authority of this Act, a Map or Maps under an actual Survey, on Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer) by some competent Surveyor to be approved of by the Patron, Bishop and Incumbent, shall in cases of Exchange be made and taken of the whole of the said Glebe Lands, or of such Part or Parts thereof as will sufficiently enable the Bishop to judge of the Convenience and Expediency of the proposed Exchange, and also of the Glebe or Parsonage House, Buildings and Premises, any Part of which it is proposed to exchange, as well as of the other Lands, House, Buildings and Premises, proposed to be taken in Exchange; and shall in ernes of Purchase be made and taken of the whole of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be jmrehafed; and in cases of Exchange the same Surveyor shall in like manner make a Valuation on Oath (to be administered as aforesaid) of the said Glebe Lands and Glebe or Parsonage House, Buildings and Premises, and also of the Lands, House, Buildings and Premises intended to be taken in Exchange, and in cases of Purchase the same Surveyor shall in like manner make a Valuation on OatH of the Lands or Hereditaments so intended to be purchased; and every such Valuation shall include and distinctly fp-cify the Value of all Timber and other Trees growing thereon, and of the Rights of Common* and of all Mines, Minerals and Quarries (if any), and of all other Rights, Profits and Advantages whatsoever (if any) to the said Premises or either of them, or-any Part or Parcel of the same, respectively belonging.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further in>aH cases,

as well of Exchange as of Purchase under 'tfe-Btshop, on receiving such Map or Maps and Valuation ft Instanfce so far approve of the said Exchf mission of Enquiry under his Hand and' as he shall think proper, not being;vishom Three at thefeaft shall b& -

shall in the first friffue a Com-htt> such Persons [umber, and of actually tffr.

A M A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 147. 793

etsb* Years Handing at the least, to be named by the Senior Judge in the

btsk last preceding Commission of Ntfi Prius for the County in which the

Ei"? said Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be situate,

ifci and the Return to which Commission of Enquiry shall be made and

fpfi signed by a Majority of the Persons therein named, after an actual

v-ji: Inspection by them of all the Premise9, with such Map and Valuation

before them, and not otherwise, and Three at least of the Persons -\-h- making and signing the same shall be either Three such Benefited

r Clergymen actually resident as aforesaid, or Two at least of such

;i Beneficed Clergymen resident as aforesaid, together with such Bar-

rider as aforesaid; and in no case whatever shall any Exchange or Purchase be effected under the Authority of this Act, unless such Commission shall have been previously issued and returned, and unless the Return to such Commission, so made and signed as aforesaid, shall r, certify that, after an actual Inspection and Examination of the Premises, such Exchange or Purchase, in the Judgment of the Persons making the said Return, is fit and proper to be made, and will pro-g, mote the permanent Advantage or Convenience of the Incumbent of j; such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and his Suc-J cessors in the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Patron of Consent for P*.

any Benefice* Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to which the tro.nscaJ*e of

Provisions of this Act extend, shall happen to be a Minor, Idiot,

Lunatic or Feme Covert, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian, or 1 "

Committee or Husband of every such Patron to transact the several

Matters, and execute the requisite Deeds as aforesaid, for such Patron,

who shall be bound thereby in such manner as if he or she had been of

full Age or found Mind, or Feme Sole, and had done such Acts and executed such Deeds.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases Consent where where the Patronage of any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Livings belong Chapelry, to which the Provisions of this Act extend, shall be in The to The Crown, Crown, and such Living or Benefice shall be above the Yearly Value or 10 ^ucbIof ' of Twenty Pounds in The King's Books, the Consent of The Crown anta er' to the several Proceedings hereby authorized respecting such Benefice,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be signified by the Execution of the Deeds or Instruments hereinbefore directed, by the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being; but if such Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, mall not exceed the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in The King's Books, such Consent shall be signified by such Execution by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being; and if such Benefice,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be within the Patronage of The Crown, in Right of the Duchy of Lancaster, then such Consent shall be signified by the Execution of such Deeds or Instruments by the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the time

X. And be it further enacted, That one Part of all Deeds and Deeds and ln-Instruments to be made and executed in pursuance of or for carrying struments de-into Execution this Act, together with the Maps and Valuations, P."*in Arct and the Commissions of Enquiry and the Returns to the same, here- jJifl2p*Re-inbefore directed, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after gjfay. the Date or Dates thereof, be deposited in the Office of the Registrar

704 C. 147, 148. 55 GEO. III.

of the Diocese wherein such Benefice, Peq*etu*l <Cm*cy.or chial Chapelry, shall be locally situate, to be perpetually kept anti jireferved therein, except as to those Benefices which are under t}$ peculiar Jurisdiction of any Archbishop or Bishop, in which case the several Documents before mentioned shall be depefited in the Offilj of the Registrar of that peculiar Jurisdi6tfon, to which any fudj Benefice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry shall be subje^ and such Registrars shall respectively so deposit and preserve the same, and shall give and sign a Certificate of such Deposit therep to be written on a Duplicate, or on any other Part or Parts of th)|| said Deeds, or any or either of them, or on same other fcparatl Parchment, Paper or Instrument j and every such Deed or Inftni-ment shall be produced at all proper and usual Hours at such Re* giftry, to every Person applying to inspect the same, and an Office Copy of each such Deed or Instrument, certified under the Hand of the Registrar (and whiqh Office Copy, so certified, the Registrar shall in all cases grant to every Person who shall apply for the same) shall in all cases be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence Fees of Regis- thereof in all, Courts whatsoever; and every such Registrar.shall be

trir* entitled to the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more (over and besides

the Stamp Duty, if any) for such Commission and the previous Re-quisites thereof; and the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, far so depositing as aforesaid the Deeds, Settlements, Map, Survey, Valuation, Commission and Instruments, and so as aforesaid certifying such ^Deposit thereof; and the Sum of One Shilling andjao more for each such Search; and the Sum of Six pence and no more (over and be-iides the said Stamp Duty) for each Folio of Seventy two Words of each such Office Copy, so certified as aforesaid.

Tn what case

XX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Forms nan-

Forms in Sch. tained in the Schedules of the said recited A& of the Seventeenth ai G.3 cJ66. an4 twenty first Years of the Reign of His presentJdaiefty, as are ufodfor Aa. applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and vw^ Rifl Vtions thereof as shall render them so applicable, (haWib^iRftd jwd.opphed to the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually a* if thf same were hereby enacted and made Part of this Act*

Aa not to re-

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby -deflbaed, That nothing peal any former, this contained shall extend or be ^opjtft^to repeal or abridge aw' any Law no, w in force, enabling any Jperfop or Corporation Sole or

Aggregate, tp augment or improve any Bccl&fiastical Bepfifice, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry., -^.

CAP. CXLVIII.

55 GEO. III.

h AJtyta*

C. 149, -150. tfpj

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[6th July 1815 3 1 [On the like Terms as under r. 148. of this Session.]

CAP. CL.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

[Oth July 18. 15.]

71317" LIEILE^V.S it is expedient to rectify Mistakes made in the naming or describing Persons appointed Commissioners by

an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act 54 O* 3- c>9*

' for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of

' this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on c Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an

Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety

eight; and there may be occasion to appoint other Persons to put

in Execution the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the 1 Reign of His present Majesty, for grafting an Aid to His Majesty

by a Land Jape, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also

an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continue Ante, c. 3.

ing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and 1 Snuffiin Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and PersonalEJlatee

in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred

and fifteen May it therefore pjeafe Your Majesty that it may be enactedj and be it enact^ft by The King'* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of1 the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ip this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Per- Commissioners fons herein after named shall and may and are hereby empower, eft and appointed, authorized to put in Execution the said Acts, and ail, the CJaffiTes,

Powers, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in ynd for the several and respective Counties and Places of Great Britain herein after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as if they had bee(n named with the other Commissioners in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament> nd properly delcyibed therein; that is to Jay,

[Then follows the List of Names for the several Places.]

And, no Mistake in the spelling of the Christian or Surname of any MispellingNime Person or of any place mentioned in the said Act of the last Session not to vitiatep-of Parliament or this Act, shall be construed to yjftiate the Appoint- Poi, umf"t of meat offch Person. to be a commissioner, jfp that the Perffin qr Conymffionerf. Place mentioned be designated therein to common Iptent and Understanding, or to subject any Person so designated to any Pains,

Penalty

Qualification of Commissioners.

8 G. 3. c.j. 92  96.

38 G. 3. c. 48.

Penalties.

Personal F.ftaie Qualification in certain cales.

J4 G. 3. c. 190.

38 G. 3.C. 5.

Persons improperly named having a died as Commissioners indemnified.

General itfoe. j

Penalty or Forfeiture for his acting in the Execution of the Act herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Persons appointed by the said Act or this Act, shall severally have the Qualifications required by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to ti'u Majesij by a Land Tax to be ra'tfed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousandfeveti hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as relates to the Qualifications of Commissioners, and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts respectively.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said Acts or either of them, to act as such Commissioner, in all cases where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the last Assessment then made for such City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment; any thing in the said Acts, or either of them, Contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas several Persons may have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts without having been properly named as Commissioners by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftons and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and others named in former Acts of Parliament to be Commissioners may have been omitted in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and may have acted as aforesaid, before Notice of such Omission: And Whereas it is expedient, that such Persons should be indemnified for such acting, and that all Acts by them done should be confirmed and made valid j* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts done by any such Persons in the Execution of the said Acts, or of any other Acts to be executed by such Commissioners, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid; and that all Personal Actions and Suits, In-distments. Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commented against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of such acting, are declared to be void by virtue of this Act, and shall be quashed and determined; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of such acting, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give th Act and the Special Matters in Evidence.

i A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

797

CAP. CLI.

An Act to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better and more speedy Collection of Fines upon Townlands and other Placesin Ireland, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits, and

to make further Provisions for the Suppression of illicit Distillationin Ireland p Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much and such Parts of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to consoli- 54 0.3 c. ij#,

date and amend the Regulations contained in several Acts of Par Ha- 

ment for imposing and leying of Fines upon Parishes, Townlands and

other Places, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland,

or of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the Ante, c. iz. 1.

+Commencement of this Act, whereby it is enacted or provided that any such Fine shall be imposed or levied on any Parish at large within which the Place shall be situate where any Offence shall be committed in respect of any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for distilling Spirits, or any

Wash> Pot AK Low Wines or Singlings, found or used in such Place,

shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed; and that, from and in part repealed.

after the Commencement of this Act, ail and every such Fines and lr"'es in future

Fine in respect of any such Offence, shall be imposed and levied upon be

any Townland, Quarterland, Balybow or other Place, District or 1 'VI an s' c

Division whatever (other than a Parish at large) within which such

Place shall be situate, and on which, under all the circumstances of the case, it shall appear expedient to the Court at any Assizes or

Presenting Term that any such Fine should be imposed and levied;

any Clause, Matter or Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the imposing or levying of such Fines on any Parish at large, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:

Provided always, that all and every such Fines and Fine which may Provisofor have been imposed on any Parish at large, at any time before the Fines heretofore Commencement of this Act, and all Arrears thereof respectively, cn

which shall not have been fully levied before the Commencement of this As, shall be levied and paid under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been bad or made.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the present Session of Ante, c. 13.

Parliament, intituled An Act to amend federal Acts relating to Fines

in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, to the Warehousing of

Spirits, and to the securtng the Duties of Excise on Spirits disttlied,

and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, it is enacted and provided, for the Purpose of preventing any Neglect or Delay in the Collection and Distribution of Fines imposed under the Acts for the preventing of the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and ' 'faxes to appoint Persons for the collecting and levying such Fines 5

' and

A.D. 181

C. 151r

Sr GEO; III.

54 G. 3 3-Ante, c. 12. 3.

and it is therefore expedient, that so much and such Parts of t c. 150. t said recited Acts of the last Session and this present Session of Parliament should be repealed, whereby it is provided or enacte ' that it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge at any Assizes 1

Presenting Term or Quarter Sessions, to fiat or otherwise authorh

the Payment or Application of any Sum of Money, for the making or repairing of any Road, or the building or repairing of an Bridge, or for the building or repairing of any Sessions Hou;

or other Public Building, or for the performing or carrying on an Public Building or other Public Work whatsoever (except as i 4 the said Act of the last Session of Parliament is excepted) in art]

Barony, Half Barony, City or Town, within which arty Parish Towniand, Place, District or Division shall be situate, onwhicl any Fine or Fines shall have been imposed under the said Actj until all and every such Fines or Fine imposed at any previous Assizes 01

Presenting Term shall have been dlily and ftjly paid j' Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every the Provisions and Regulations, Clatife and Clauses; in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, whereby the Court or Judge at any Assizes or Presenting' Term or Quarter Sessions, is or are prohibited or prevented or restraihed from ordering the Discharge of any accounting Affidavit, or froih Bating or authorizing the Payment of any Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, until all such Fines shall have been duly levied as aforesaid, and all Matters and Things in the said recited Acts relative to such Prohibition or Prevention or Restraint as aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Court or Judge at any Assizes or Presenting Term before the Commence-Hands to answer ment of this Act shall have directed that the Amount of any Sums m i>- levied on any Parish, Towniand, District or Division, by virtue or in pursuance of any Preferment of any Grand Jury, for any Roads, Bridges or other Public Works whatever, should be retained in the Hands of the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town, for the Purpose of being applied in Payment or Satisfaction of all or any Fines or Fine which ought by Law to have been levied on or off such Parish, Towniand, District or Division under the said recited Act, or until such Fines should be duly levied; all such Sums, 1or so much thereof as shall be requisite, shall bd applied in Payment and Satisfaction of all or any such Fine or Firfcs, as at' the Commencement of this Act shall not have been duly and fully levied uftoi and off such Parish, Towniand, Place, District or ply and shall be paid, applied and distributed'acebtfl directed by the said recited Act; any the contrary in any wise not withstan ding*

IV. And Whereas it is expedient 'jtf*'for the collecting and levying such T#r

tt Pftrt>6& in and by the Taid^Ii "nt Stfficfe of P^iaffiSfit^aT

54 G. 3. c. 150. 30-

Ante, c.iz. 3.

in part repealed. Sums retained in Tfealurer's

Fine on Pa rirties, applied in Payment of Fines as have not have been fully levied, as directed by J4 G. 3. c. IJO.

Ante, c. 1

J^to&iiner to

j^rovisions ^'tHePdwdr

55 GEO. III. C. 151.

799

shall be of Opinion that it is necessary or expedient that such deen1 expe" Assistants should be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, the antsVea*1 ointed feid Commissioners shall communicate such Opinion to the Lord Collector*High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing &c. they shall, the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being; and with Concur-upon receiving the Concurrence and Approbation of such Lord High rnc ot'Txea-Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, |ury E>ve Nonet the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall cause Notice 1

to be given under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three of them,

by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed

expedient by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, that such Assistants shall be' appointed within any County, County of a City or Town respectively, from and after such time as shall be mentioned in such Notice.

V. And be it further enacted, That after such Notice shall have After Notice, been given in the Dublin Gazette as aforesaid, it shall and may be Commissioner* lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to of Excise may nominate and appoint by Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioneri, or any Three of them (or under the Hand of any Col- Collectors in lector of Excise for any District, who shall be thereto specially levying Fines; authorized in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, and aho Affinor any Three of them), one or more Person or Persons to be aiding toK*clie and assisting to any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for the collecting and levying any such Fines; and in like Distillation. manner to nominate and appoint any one or more Person or Persons to be aiding and assisting to any Excise Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorized to act or assist in enforcing the Law for the Suppression of illicit Distillation; and all such Persons so appointed shall accordingly be aiding and assisting to such Collector in the levying of such Fines, and in doing all Matters and Things, necessary or requisite for the effectual levying and collectinjr such Fines according to Law* and shall also be aiding and assisting to such Excise Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in enforcing the Law for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, in such manner at shall be required by such Collector, Officer or other Person; and all and every Person and Perforts who shall resist or of-pose any such Collector, Excise Officer or other Person or Persons aforesaid, or his or their said Assistants, in the Execution of their Duty under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be and are hereby declared guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be proceeded against and Misdemeanor. punished accordingly, in like manner as other Persons guilty of any Misdemeanor, may be proceeded against and punished under any Act for the preventing of illicit Distillation in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to pay or cause to be paid to such Assistants, such Sum and Sums oP 'Money for their Trouble, as to the said Commissioners, with Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, shall seem fit, pot exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings for each and every Day in which fifth Assistant shall be employed or engaged in such Service, ' together witH ther reasonable Expences incurred by such Collectors, i i.Officers*

8po

On Appointment of Excift Collector of Fines, Powers of Bironial Collectors to cease.

On Refusal by Baronial Collector to deliver up Warrants, Treasurer tr giant new Warrants to Excise Collector.

Ante, c. 12.  j.

Agreement*, Secutities made and given for Payment of Fines by Inhabitants, 4c. of DiflriCis fined to Coljedor oI Fine*.

1

C. 15 u 55" GEO. III. A.D. 18f

Officers or other Persons, and such their Assistants, in the Perfof* ance of such Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whenever an Person shall be appointed by the Commissionera of Inland Excii and Taxes, for the collecting and levying any such Fines within an County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, all Powers of Ba ronial or other Collectors shall cease and determine, with respect ti the levying such Fines as shall remain unlevied at the time of fuel Appointment; and if any Baronial or other Collector or other Person, who immediately before such Appointment was empowered t< levy any such Fine, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up all an( every Warrant and Warrants in his Hands, which shall not have beer fully executed, to the Person so appointed by such Commissioners in manner required by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, then and in such case all such Warrant and Warrants shall cease and determine, and be of no Force, Virtue or Effect; and it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town, and he is hereby authorized and required, without Delay, to grant to the Person or Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners, and requiring the same, a new Warrant or Warrants, or Duplicate Warrant or Warrants, in which he shall insert the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, for the collecting and levying of all such Fines as at the time of such Appointment shall not have been dply and fully levied, or for the collecting and levying so mucluhereof as shall not then have been duly and fully levied; and in case any such Treasurer shall refuse to deliver up any Warrant, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, or to grant any new Warrant or Warrants, or Duplicate Warrant or Warrants, in manner required by this Act, and such Refusal shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court or Judge at the Assizes for the County, County of a City or Town, it shall not be lawful for such Court or Judge to fiat any Presentment for the Salary of or for any Per Centage or Allowance payable to such Treasurer.

VII. And Whereas it may have happened and may happen that certain Inhabitants of Districts or Places in Ireland on which Finca have been or may be imposed in respect of Offences against the Acts in force for the Suppression of illegal Distillation in Ireland, or other Persons, may, for the Purpose of procuring time to detect and prosecute the Persons actually committing such Offences, have undertaken and agreed, or may undertake and agree to pay: ie Amount of such Fines, or Part thereof, to the Collectors or Persons authorized to levy such Fines, and may have given and entered into or-may give and enter into Securities for the Payment of such Pines, or Part thereof, to such Collectors or other Persons, and it ia expedient to declare such Agreements and Securities to be valid; Be it therefore enacted, That every Contract, Agreement or Undertaking, and every Bond, Bill, Note or other Security which at any time before the Commencement of this Act may have been, or which at any time after the Commencement of this Act shall may be made, given or entered into by any Inhabitants or Inhabitant of, or any Proprietors or Proprietor of Lands within any Diibift or Place in Ireland, on which any Fine may have heretofore been or shall hereafter be actually imposed in respect of any Offence

55 GEO. m,

C. 1, 5^

?ot;

againilany or Ad&in force for the Suppression of illegal Dif-

tiUation in Ireland, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, for

securing the Payment to any Collector or Person authorized to levy

any such Fine or Fines, of any such Fine or Fines, or any Part thereof, by any such Inhabitant or Proprietor, or other Person or Persons, on behalf of all or any of the Persons liable to the Payment of such Fine or Fines within such District or Place, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual in the Law

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Sum and How Sums so

Sums of Money so con traded or agreed, or secured to be paid to any secured levied

such Collector or other Person, shall be paid to such Collector or and recovered

other Person at such time as shall be mentioned in any such Contract,

Agreement, Bond, Bill, Note or other Security; or in Default of Payr ment thereof it shall be lawful for such Collector or Person authorized to levy such Fine or Fines, to levy the Amount of all and every such Suras and Sujn of Money upon the Person or Persons who shall havecontrafted or agreed or given Security to pay the same, or upon any other Person or Persons within the District or Place on which such Fine or Fines shall have been imposed, or upon the Effects of any such Person or Persons, by all such ways, means and methods, and with all such Powers and Authorities as are given for the levying any such Fine or Fines by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Securityhad not been given; or it shall be lawful for such Collector or other Person with whom such Contract or Agreement shall have bee made or to whom such Security shall have been giveu at any time either before or after the Commencement of this Act, to proceed at his Option against the Party who shall hfve made or entered into or given such Agreement, Contract or Security for the Amount of the Sum or Sums contracted or agreed or secured to be paid by such Party as for a Debt due to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and such Debt shall be recoverable and recovered by all such ways and means and with all such Powers and Authorities as are given by Law for the Recovery of Debts due to The Crown by any Act or Acts in Force in Ireland; and k shall be lawful for any Person who shall have paid, or who shall Persons paying nay, any such Sum or Sums of Money, or on whom the same shall be Sums may pro-levied or against whom the same shall be recovered in manner afore.- for 1*e', ra" said, to proceed for the Re-imbursement to him of the Money so paid ^nent as by or levied on him, against any Person or Persons liable to the Re-imbursement of any such Fine or Fines under or by virtue of the Pro.viGq&a of the hereinbefore recited Act of the last Session of 54 G. 3. 0. 15a Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Persons so having paid such 6.

Money to recover and receive the same in manner and under the Regulations in the said last recited Act in that behalf specified and contained with respect to the Re-imhurfement of any such Fine or Fines as aforesaid-

VJ$L And be it further enacted, That whenever the Court or Shilling in the Judge ft any Affixes or Presenting Term shall fine any Townland, "Pound on QpaitaWd, Ballyhow. Manor, Lordship or other Place, District or Amount of DjviOqp whatever, in any Sum of Money under or by virtue of any Treasurer's* m iof the Pjjoviflpns contained in any Act or Acts for the Suppression Warrant, and pfifliek J)iftitta.Upn in Ireland* the said Court or Judge shall direct paid to Collec-jjteiTtaafarer of the Countyv-County of a City or Town, toJungmSs for of F, nes*

' 3 F*in

Sol

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18ij.

Fines paid, One Moiety to Informer, ifc. and other to Collector of Excise cf Diflri>, applied in Payment of Affiftams under Act.

in his Warrant for levying any such Fine, the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of every such Fine, in Addition to the Amount of every such Fine respectively; and which said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound shall be levied in like manner, and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies, in case of Nonpayment thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to the levying of any such Fine or Fines; and the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound so levied, shall be paid to or received, or kept or retained to his own Use, by the Person who shall levy and collect the Fines hi respect of which such One Shilling in the Pound shall be payable respectively, and who shall be authorized to collect and levy the same under the Provisions of the several Acts hereinbefore recited, or of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts for preventing illicit Distillation in Ireland*

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fines and Fine which shall be imposed at any time after the Commencement of this Act, upon any Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow or other Place, District or Division whatsoever (other than a Parish at large) under the#Provisions of any Act or Acts in force relating to the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, after deducting the reout the Colls of recovering the same (if such Costs shall not be paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign), but where such Costs shall be so paid, then the whole of such Fine without any Deduction shall be applied in manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof (or of so much thereof as shall remain after deducting the Costs in the case aforesaid) shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town, to the Officer of Excise who shall have given the Information to a Justice of the Peace, and who shall have ap

pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute the same, and shall be applied by him in rewarding himself and his Assistants; in such manner and according to such Proportions as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall direct, and in case the Person giving such Information shall not be an Officer of Excise, then such Moiety shall be paid by such Treasurer, according to the Directions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Justice as aforesaid, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppression of unlicenfid Stills within his Jurisdiction; and the other Moiety of every such Fine or Fines (or of so much thereof respectively as may remain after deducting the Costs in the case aforesaid) shall be paid by every such Treasurer to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District in which such Townland, Quarterland, Ballybow or other Place, District or Division whatsoever so fined shall be situate, to be applied by such Collector, under the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in or towards the Expences incurred by Payments made or to be made to any Persons appointed to assist the Collectors or Excise Officers or other Persons as aforesaid in the collecting any such Fines, or in the Suppression of illicit Distillati within such Townland, Place, District or Division; and the Remainder, if any, after Payment of such Expences, shall be applied in such manner as any other Monies received by such Collector an by Law applicable j any thing in the said recited Act made in the

13 -.lift)

Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And, for the more easy and speedy Re-imbursement of any Inhabitant or Landholder in.any Townland, Place, District or Division, upon or by whom any Fine shall have been or shall be levied or paid by virtue of any Warrant issued or which shall be issued for the levying of such Fine, under any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland> be it enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, County of a City or Town, within which any such Fine shall have been or shall be levied, shall from time to time, within Fourteen Days after issuing any Warrant for the levying of any such Fine, and whenever thereto required by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, County of a City or Town, transmit to such Clerk of the Peace a true Copy of any and every such Warrant, signed by the Hand of such Treasurer; and such Copy shall be preserved by such Clerk of the Peace among the Records of the County; and that jpon the Trial of any Action or Suit, by Civil Bill by any such Inhabitant or Landholder, for the Recovery of any such Fine against he Owner of any unlicensed Still, or other Person subject to makeuch Re-imbursement, such Copy of the Treasurer*8 Warrant so ransmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, shall be deemed sufficient 'roof that the Fine or Penalty therein mentioned had been ira-ofed and levied, without other Proof of the imposing or levying f such Fine or Penalty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the '.ommencement of this Act, any Officer or Officers of Customs or '.xcise, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, in the rving of or the attempting or endeavouring to serve any Notice

Notices, for the Purpose of proceeding thereon to impose a Fine

Fines upon any Townland, Manor or Lordship, or other Place, ider any Act or Acts for the Suppression of the illicit Distillation of >iritsin Ireland, shall be kilied, or shall be beaten, wounded or uifed, or shall be. forcibly taken or carried away or detained, by any rfon or Persons, so as that such Officer or Officers, Person or Peris acting in his or their Aid, shall be rendered incapable of attend-

or shall be prevented from attending at such Assizes or Presenting rm, for the Purpose of giving Evidence in support of any Infor-tion which may or shall have been given, for proceeding to impose h Fine, or of giving Evidence touching the Service of such Notice, lall and may be lawful for the Court before whom such Infor-ion shall have been returned to be tried, if it shall appear to the Court that such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons had i so killed or beaten, wounded or bruised, or carried away or de-?d, whereby the Attendance of such Officer or Person shall be ented, and such Court is hereby required, upon Production of Information, and upon Proof of the Hand-writing of the Justice ich Information, before whom the same had been sworn upon Oath of any One credible Witness (if such Court shall fee fuf-nt Evidence upon the Face of such Information, of the Exist-of the Fasts and of the Offence charged therein! to impose a pursuant to such Information, in like manner and as fully and tuallyto all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Office?* fficers, or other Person, or Persons, had appeared before inch t, and had been or were then and there personally examined, 3 F 2 and

54 G. y C.X50.

On Trials for Re-imbursement of Inhabitants who have paid Fine imposed. Copy of Treasurer s Warrant sufficient Proof.

If Officer, &c.

serving, &c. Notice of proceeding to recover Still Fine, kilied, &c. Court shall impose Fine, if Information contains sufficient Evid ence of Offence

&c*4

Proviso for Right of Traverse.

Persons conveying illicit Spirits, &c.

Misdemeanor.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Imprisonment.

Persons found pairing, &c. with any Calk or Vessel which had contained illicit Spirits.

Misdemeanor,

&c.>

Officers feixing Kegs, &c. forfeited.

C. i$u

55 GECf. in.

AXX.iWp

arid had given "Evidence of thfe Service of the Notice, and in fappost of such Information: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall take away or affefifc the Right which iny Inhabitant of any such Townland or Place shall of may have by Law to ttaverfc' dr to offer to controvert the Fasts dated in any such Information.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Pftrt of Ireland* knowingly and willingly having ii his, her or their Custody or Possession, ariy Spirituous Liqodts disc tilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law shall hoi have been duly paid, or for which, if the Quantity shall exceed On-Galion, a proper Permit shall not be obtained for the Removal thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his or her^Care, Custody or Possession, any unlicensed Still, Still-head, Worin or Appendage of a Still, except removing from or to a Brazier, dr Mender or Maker of Stills^ under a proper Permit} every such Person shall in each and every the respective caffe and cases aforesaid, be deemed guilty of a Mifdenieandr; and if convicted thereof, shall, exclusive of any other Punishrilent to which ftch Person riiay be subject, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, iior left than Ten Pounds, as the Court shall in iti discretion think fit to be paid to the Prosecutor; and such Persons so convicted shall bfe imprisoned until such Fine shall be paid: Provided always, that tile time of such Imprisonment shall not in any case exceed the Period of Six Calendar Months.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Part of Ireland, or be found on bohrd or discovered to have been on board ainy Boat or other Vessel being in any Port> Harbour, Haven, Creek, River, Lake, Canal or Dock in Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shores of Ireland* kboWingfer and willingly having in his, lifer or their Custody, any Keg, Cade or Vfeffel, which before had contained any Spirituous, Liquors distilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law had not been duly paid (and in all such cases Proof that the Duties on such Spirit^ had been duly paid shall be uport the Party so found') every such Person, except in the case herein after provided, shall be deerhed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall differ such Punish'rtfent as hi other cases of Misdemeanor 5 and every such Keg, Calk or Othrir Vessel, and every Horse, Mare, Mule, Ass or other Beast of Burthen, and every Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon or other Vessele, and every Boagtor other Vessel with all her Tadkle, Apparel and Furniture* idfipfoyed in conveying or carrying the same shall be forftltttLind htay be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; audit AaH be law foil for any such Officer or Officers, or any Person or/peifans acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arrest and detain all aHd^eiiBy'Person or Persons whatever so found passing or on have been

on board such Boat or other convey all and every

fufeh Person and Persons before an ^the Peace in Ireland,

rest^irfg near the Place where anyt$M^m shall be so i'arrived; ind % shall be lawful ^Sfflfeftkse <If 1

Upon Pro^f Odeori

Witwft 6t tWt fiieftjdBwSfc found*

4 JEM if* 5IP GEO. III. C. 151.

covered as aforesaid (Unless such PeVfon shall prove tQ the Satis-

fc&'on of such Justice, that he had paid for or bona jide agreed to pay for fu Passage on board such Boat or Vessel, and that he was

jdp way concerned in the Property of such Boat or Vessel, or of the

Spirits, or Keg, Cast< or Vessel, as the qafe may be), to hpld such Person to Bail, with Two sufficient Sureties for the Appearance

of such Person, to answer to any Indictment or information that

Sway be brought against him or her. in that behalf; and in case any Person so liable to be hpld to Bail, shall make default in finding

such sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until such Pail shall be found,

it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person to the

<Gaol of the County, Town or Place, in which such Person-shall be Imprisonment.

arrested, to answer as aforesaid.

Having Malt, or Corn or Grain

XIV. And Whereas the illicit Distillation of Spirits is increasejd ' by Means of Corn made into Malt being obtained by Persons with-

out Permit, or otherwise contrary to Law; Be it enacted, That,

from-and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Malt ground

or unground, or any Corn or Grain wetted or steeped, to be made Malt* unlaw-; into Malt, shall be found in the Possession of any Person whatsoever fujiy in p0flef-in Ireland, not entitled by Law to have the same in his or her fion. Custodyor Possession; or if any Person or Persons shall be found

passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Possession, any Malt ground or unground, pr upon which all Duties by Law payable thereon shall not have been paid, or for the Removal of which a proper Permit shall not have been igranted; or if any Person or Persons shall be found passing in any Part of Inland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Custody, any Cqrn or Grain wetted or steeped, wherewith pr with Intent to make the same into Malt; every such Person so offending; in any of the respective case and cases aforesaid, shall be deemed and; taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Misdemeanor. \Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons vadting in his or their Aid, to.arrest, flop and detain all and every Person and Persons found or discovered as aforesaid, and to convey all and every such Person a^'Persons before any Justice of the Peace in Ireland) residing near the Place where any such Peifan shall be so takes and arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the; Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Proof on Oath, by One or moue credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person had committed any of the Offences aforesaid, to hold such Person to Bail, with, Two Bail, sufficient Sureties for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him or herinthat behalf; and in case any Person so liable to be held to stall, shall make Default in finding such sufficient Bail as aforesaid, o9t until tfuch'Bail shall be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to

aoonnmti such Person to the Gaol of the County, Town or Place in Imprisonment which ftwh Person shall be arrested, to answer as aforesaid; and in

case aiyfndi&ment shall be found against such Person, he or she shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the same; and Pleacting, every Person convicted of the Offences aforesaid, exclusive of all other Pains and Penalties to which such Person may be subject, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Ten Penalty. Pounds, as the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted shall in its Discretion tlpnltfit, to be paid to the Prosecutor, and I. ' 3 F 3 such

So 6

C. 151.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Imprisonment. such Person so convicted shall be imprisoned until such Fine shall be paid: Provided always, that the time of such Imprisonment shall not in any case exceed the Period of Six Calendar Months, and for Second Offence, the Second Offence of a like nature, such Court shall sentence such Person so convicted, to be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, whenever any Malt shall be found by any Officer of Excise in the Mill of any Miller in Ireland, if on Demand by such Officer a Permit or Certificate, as the case may require, of force for such Malt, shall not be produced within a reasonab/e time after such Demand, all such Malt shall be forfeited and may be seized; and the Miller in whose Mill any such Malt shall be found, without such Permit or Certificate, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in the said

exten to.}jereinbefore recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually as if the lame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, so far as

the same are compatible and confident with each other; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or infiifted by this Act, shall and may (in all cases not otherwise provided for by this Act) be sued for, recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parlia-4*JJ Car* ment made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the

Se.4. c. 8. Reign Of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An

Al8 for settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted} or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, is provided.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in Ireland, on and from theiFirst Day of the Summer Assizes in this present Year One themtoj ght hundred and fifteen, in every such County, County and Town respectively.

Miller in whose Mill Malt found without Permit.

[Penalty.]

Powers of 54 G. 3. c. 150.

Construed as One Act.

Recovery of Penalties.

Appeal.

[Commencement of Act.]

55 GEO. III. C. 152.

807

CAP. CLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, by Chester, and be* tween London and Bangor, by Shrewsbury.

[11 th July 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the

Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having granted to Your Majesty

the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds for this present Year, towards

defraying the Expence of repairing, altering or constructing such

Roads as shall appear to be most immediately necessary for facilr- tating the Communication between London and Holyhead by

Chester, and between London and Bangor Ferry by Shrewsbury,

whereby the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland will be beneficially promoted, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year there shall and may be issued and paid, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction whatever, to the Commissioners herein after named} which Sum shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards the repairing, altering, making or constructing such Roads as shall be judged proper, in the manner herein after directed, and to jio other Uie or Purpose whatsoever: Provided always, that the said Commissioners may invest the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in Exchequer Bills, or India Bonds, to be lodged in the Bank of England, until the same shall be applied in manner herein directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain for the time being shall order and direct some fit and proper Person or Persons to make a Survey or Surveys of the Roads which it shall be deemed most advisable to repair, alter, make or construst, between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor Ferry by Shrewsbury; and such Person or Persons shall report upon Oatn Bis or their Opinion thereupon, together with an Estimate of the Expence of the repairing, altering, making or constructing respectively each of such Roads, to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's said Treasury, who, orjauy Three or more of them, shall thereupon refer such purvey, Opinion and Estimates, to the said Commissioners herein after named; which said Commissioners shall then consider and determine which of the said Roads so surveyed and reported upon, and estimated, shall be repaired, altered, made or constructed, in the manner herein directed, and shall cause a List and Description thereof, referring to such Survey, to be published in the London Gazette; and such Lift and Description shall also be sent to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for every and each County through which the said Roads, or any of them,' 3 F 4 do

Poll. c. 187. 5-

20, 00cL issued out of Exchequer to-Commissionere, vested in Exchequer Bills, 5c c.

[Proviso.]

Treasury to appoint Persons to make Survey of Roads herein mentioned, to report upon Oath, with Estimate of Expence of Repairs, dec. Survey and Estimate referred to Commissionen,

Lift and Descriptions of Roads insertediu London Gazette,

See*

S68

Cisi.

*Vstt^fe0.in.

Commissioners.

Ch*irmai catling Vote.

What Coirnnif-, sioners may ad.

In case of Vacancy His Majesty may supply k.

When Roads determined on, Account opened tld Sum equal to Eftrtbate -placed to it.

Commissioner* may make

do pass: Provided always, that if the said Lords Commissioner* of His Majesty's Treasury shall be satisfied with any Survey or Surveys, and Estimate or Estimates, already made of any such Road or Roads, it shall and may be lawful for them to refer the same to the said Commissioners herein after named, who shall advertise and fend Lifts and Descriptions of the same in the maimer herein directed; and the repairing, altering, making or constructing of such Road or Roads, may be thereupon proceeded upon, pursuant to this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William Vesey Fitx Gerald, Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; the Right Honourable Robert Peel, Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieuteu; nt for the time being; the First Commissioner of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being; the Right Honourable John Maxwell Barry, Sir Thomas Mojlyn Baronet, Sir Henry Parnell Baronet, Charles Watkin Williams Wynne Esquire, Davies Giddy Esquire and William Smith Esquire, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and they are hereby directed to meet from time to time in London or Westminster, for the Purposes of this Act; and at all such Meetings, in case of an Equality of Voices, the Chairman shall have a calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One o/ more of the said Commissioners to execute the Provisions of this Act; but that no Act shall be done by any of the said Commissioners, unless the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or the First Commissioner of Woods. Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or One of them, shall be present at such Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any One or more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawfal for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as He may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invested with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioner appointed by this Act in whose Room such Person shall be so nominated.

VI. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Commissioners shall have determined which of the said Roads so reported upon and estimated shall be repaired, altered, made or construsted, the said Commissioners shall direct an Account to be opened in the Books of the said Commissioners for such Road, and shall place to such Account a Sum equal to such estimated Expence; and such Road shall be forthwith directed to be repaired agreeably to the Plan rfnd Survey herein directed to be made, or such other Plan as may upon subsequent Consideration be approved by the said Commissioners, so that the Execution thereof shall not exceed the said estimated Expence.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and every such Road shall be repaired in conformity to the Plan and Survey thereof approved of ift the manner herein directed: and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to make such Contrafts or Agreements with skilful Persons, and their Sureties, for the repairifigr ? % ting, making or conftrnfting of such Road or Roads, add tO apfpdtet such Person Or Persons as they shall think proper,

Ij

G. 15 a.

proper, who may from time to time, voder fpch Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, draw for the necessary Sams to defray the Expence thereof; and such Payments from time to time shall be placed to the Account of the said respective Roads.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire all such 'Ground as may be necessary for the repairing, altering, making or Comftracting of the said Roads, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed ^Upon by and between the said Commissioners, and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they 'CArniot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury of Twelve Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the County in such manner a6 Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in England, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final; and in the Event that such Jury shall award a larger Sum than may have been offered by such Commissioners, the Expence attending such Jury shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies transferred to the Account of such Road: ?n manner herein directed; and if such Jury shall award no more or any Sum less than that offered by the said Commissioners, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the Person or Persons who shall not have agreed with such Commissioners: Provided always, that in case where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trofteesf* such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trusteesf: Provided always, that after having offered to any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands such Sum as such Commissioners shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands for the Purposes of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to take any Land or Ground whereon any Houses stand, nor any Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk br Avenue to a Mouse, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to-awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corps ration, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons tinder any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, -in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds -or more, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of England, to the Intent that such Mofley shall be applied zander the T>irectitt and wi<h the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be signified -by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Renta and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase to Redemption of the Land Tttx, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affe&iOg the same Lands, Tene-meutskir Hetsditamenm, or affiefting d&tr Lambs

>* Here-

M^y take Gr(iun<*, making Satisfaction to Owners.

In case Parties cannot agree, Value settled by Jury.

How Expence paid.

f Sic.

Cardens, && not taken.

Application of Puchase Money amounting to 100). belonging to incapacitated Persons.

Si#

c. 152.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18ty

Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Directioni and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intent* and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effeel; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenement* and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Where Money X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money less than aocl. f0 agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here-

and exceeding ditaraents purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and

belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall beliefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardians or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be either paid into the Bank of England, and be placed to his or their Account, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable.

Where left than

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or, Infancy or

8 ft

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 152.

Walk or Walks, Lawn, or any Avenue to any House, nor any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart and used as a Nursery for Trees, except such Gravel Pits as have been opened and used for the Purpose of repairing any Roads within Three Years previous to the passing of this Act, where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the Person or Persons so to be appointed shall judge necessary for repairing, altering, making or con structing the Roads aforesaid, paying only the Damage doneto the Owners and Occupiers of the said Grounds respectively, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken away or over which the same shall be carried.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds do not agree with the said Commissioners concerning the Amount of Damages done by digging Gravel or other Materials necessary to be taken for the making and repairing the said Roads, the same shall be determined by any Two Justices of the Peace of the Counties respectively; but such Difference between the Commissioners and the Owners or Occupiers shall not in the mean time binder the carrying off and using any Gravel, Stones, Sand or other Materials, and applying the same towards making or repairing the said Roads; and the Determination of such Justices is hereby declared to be final.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall, and any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers and Officers, as they shall think fit, and to pay and allow to each and every of such Clerks and Officers such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, in Compensation of their Services, which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute the Trust severally and respectively to be reposed in them, without taking any thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Reward, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall think proper to direct and appoint in that behalf; which Sums so to be paid to such Clerks or Officers, and all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of this Act, shall and may be defrayed out of the Monies hereby granted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, report their Proceedings in Writing, together with such Observations as they shall think proper, under the Hands and Seals of them, or any Three of them, to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all new Roads, or Parts of Roads, and all Alterations in any Roads which shall or may be made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall become to all Intents and Purposes, Parts of those Roads to which the old Roads or Parts of Reads (in lieu whereof such new Roads, or Parts of Roads, or Alterations in Roads shall be made) did belong before the making of such new Roads, or Parts of Roads, or Alterations of Roads; and such new Roads, or Parts of Roads, or Alterations of Roads shall be subject to all such Trusts, and to all and every such Acts and Act of Parliament, and to all Prorifions in any such Act or Acts contained, as such old

Roads

Exception.

Damages in dig. ging for Materials settled by Two Justices, in case of Dispute.

Clerks and Officers appointed.

Proeeedinp reported on or before July 5. 1816.

New Roads to become Parti of former Rosda.

S I 2

C.?5i,

Act not to jtffest present Tolls j

nor Mortgages granted for

Roads or Parts'of 'Roads are by law subject to at the time of the passing of this Act.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen, repeal or alter, or in any wise affect any Toll or Tolls granted and made payable iinder any Act or Acts or Parliament in force at the time of the passing of this Act, upon any Road or Roads authorized to be repaired or altered under or by virtue of this Act, but thaj all such Toll and Tolls shall continue and be paid and payable to all latent! and JPurposes; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to

on Credit of UCC exten<^ to a^ter or kffen, or in any way to affect any Bonds, Mart-Tolls. gages or other Securities whatsoever granted for Money, advanced

on the Credit of any Toll or Tolls, or any Road or Roads authorized to be altered or repaired under or by virtue of this Act; but that all such Bonds, Mortgages and other Securities, shall remain good, Valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all and every Persons and Person having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any Toll or Tolls, shall remain in the same State as if this Act had never been had or made; and that all such Person or Persons so having advanced any such Money on the Credit of such Tolls, shall have all such Remedies for the recovering of the Sums so advanced, and of all Interest or'Dividends payable thereon, as they mow have under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be 'commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days' Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Commissioners, nor after a Sufficient Satisfaction', or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the -Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after

Where brought, 'the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at fVffiminster, and shall be laid in the County or Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or -Genml MTue. Defendants in such Suit or Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act-; and if the lame shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, orihahftfehrottffht irithout'Ten Days' Notice thereof, or shall be bropght-ii ariyoflber County

or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction-ntide erteafiefcedas aforesaid, that -then the Jury shall find for the; jpf&*daot of Defendant*;

Limitation of Actions.

Treble Costs,

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall j'Discontinoance of his, her or their J ffiafl pass against the-Plaintiff or Ph na4hall have CBtobW Costs> and f

or fufier a; orifaVe^ft

Remedyrfori

Goo^

1 A.D. 18r^

54; Geo.iiI.

C.I sr- 3rj

CAP. CLIII.

An Act for granting certain Rates on the Postage of Letters to and from Great Britain, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies; and for making certain Regulation* fefpe&ing the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain.

[ 11 th July 1815

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Extension and Improvement of Commerce and Correspondence, and of His Majesty's Revenue, that Vessels be employed by His Majesty's Pofti

mailer General for the Conveyance of the Public Dispatches of

Government, and also the Mails of Letters and Packets between

this Kingdom, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies; and that such Vessels should, in certain cases, be permitted to carry Goods on Freight $* Be it therefore enacted by

That at any time after

lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, with the Con- elt*"

sent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any a^Mai^or Three or more of them, to establish Vessels for the Conveyance of the Indies, Public Dispatches of Government, and also Mails of Letters, and Passengers, between this Country, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mpu-ritiut and The East Indies; and that from and after the Establishment of such Vessels, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, 

Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, to and for th^

Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the

Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by such Vessel$ from the Port of London, or from any other Port in Great Britain, to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius, or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies save and except the Domi- Exception, nions of the Emperor of China), according to the Rates and Sums, in Sterling Money, herein after mentioned, the same being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to say,

For every Single Letter, Three Shillings and Six pence; Rates of PofUj

For every Double Letter, Seven Shillings

For every Treble Letter, Ten Shillings and Six pence

And for every Ounce in Weight, Fourteen Shillings; and so 14 Proportion for Letters and Packets above the Weight of a#

Ounce;

And for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by such Vessels from any Port or Place ir. The East Indies, within the Limits of the said United Company's Charter (faveand except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), or from The Cape of Good Hope, or The Mauritius, to thb Port of London, or to any other Port in Great Britain, the Rates and

Duties following 5 that is to say.

For every Single Letter, Three Shillings and Six pence:

For every Double Letter, Seven Shillings: n

For

c. 153.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

For every Treble Letter, Ten Shillings and Six pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, Fourteen Shillings} and so in Proportion for Letters and Packets above the Weight of u Ounce

And for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by such Vessels between Tie Cape of Good Hope, or The Mauritius, and any Part of the Continent of HJia, and between The Cape of Good Hope, or The Mauritius, or the Continent of sIlia, and all intermediate Places, and between all the intermediate places respectively, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every Single Letter, One Shilling and Nine pence:

For every Double Letter, Three Shillings and Six pence:

For every Treble Letter, Five Shillings and Three pence f And for every Ounce in Weight, Seven Shillings; and so in Proportion for Letters and Packets above the Weight of an Ounce. Rates for News-

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for papers, &c. any Person or Persons to send and receive by any Mails dispatched to and from The East Indies, The Mauritius and The Cape of Good Hope, any Newspapers or printed Prices Current, and also any printed Papers liable to the Stamp Duties, and duly stamped, paying for the same Three pence for each Packet, not exceeding One Ounce; and for each Packet exceeding One Ounce, at the Kate of Three pence per Ounce; and provided that the same be sent in Covers open at the Sides or End9.

III. And, inasmuch as it may on some Occasions be of Advantage to Correspondence, that Letters and Packets should be sent

to and from The East Indies and The Cape of Good Hebe, by His Majesty's Ships of War and Store Ships, and by the ships in the

Service of the said United Company failing between this Country 'and India, and The Cape of Good Hope, and by Ships employed in thePrivate Trade to and from India; Be it therefore further enacted.

Mails carried by That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poftroafter General in Ships of War, his Discretion, by and with the Consent of the Lords Commissionersc* of the Admiralty, to make up and fend Mails of Letters to and from

any Port or Place in The East Indies, within the Limits of the said United Company's Charter save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), and to and from The Cape of Good Hope, by any of His Majesty's Ships of War and Store Ships, or by any of the Ships in the Service of the said United Company, or by Snips employed in the Private Trade to and from India; and that when and so often as Mails of Letters shall be so conveyed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General and his D^6qjtiei, for the Use

/t n 1 tt _______j o_____nr__________: __

of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to Rjtes. and take the fame Rates and Duties, as if '

by Vessels or Packet Boats, to be establ this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted,

Ship of War, with the Consent nrissioners of the Admiralty, and the Service of the said United*

C<

have, receive.Vere conveyed ^Authority of

til A.D. 1815. 550 CEO. III. C. 53 815

authorized and required to receive on board his Ship, such Mails of si Letters and Packets, and to convey and deliver the same accordingly; li and such Commanders respectively shall not incur or be liable to any Penalty for receiving on board or conveying such Letters and Packets $ in manner aforesaid j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

b V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the & r. Company said United Company, or the Commander of any Ship in the Service not to charge of the said Company, or any Commander of any Ship in the Private except

Trade to and from India, to charge, demand or receive any Rate or Inan, 2tc*

Rates of Postage for any Mails of Letters, other and except any such Postage as may be legally due to the said Company for the Inland Postage, or conveyance of any such Letters in India, or for any sealed Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, which may at any time be forwarded by the Postmaster General, by the Ships of the said United Company, or by any such Private Ship.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Postmaster Ge-

may be lawful for the Postmaster General, whenever the Ships of neralt0 Pay the said United Company, or any Private Ships, are employed as for.

Packets, to pay the said United Company, and the Owners of any Mailfc^60 such Private Ships, for the Freight or Conveyance of any such Mails

of Letters, such reasonable Sum, and in such manner, as shall be authorized and directed by the Lords of the Treasury, or any Three of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Mail shall be made up and Mail made up dispatched to India once in every Month, as far as may be found Monthly'for practicable, either by the Vessels to be established and hired by the Ind"*

Postmaster General under the Authority of this Act, or by a Ship

of War, or a Ship in the Service of the East India Company, or by a Ship employed in the Private Trade to and from India.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Goods allowed lawful for the Postmaster General, in such Proportions and in such to be carried in Manner as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or Packets.

any Three or more of them, shall by Warrant in Writing direct (any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding), to permit the Exportation on Freight, or on account of the Owners, or of the Public Service, in such Vessels or Packet Boats navigated according to Law, from the Port of London, or any Port or Ports within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any intermediate Port between Great Britain and The East Indies, to all Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, and to the Islands of Saint Helena, The Mauritius and The Cate of Good Hope save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) any Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Tea excepted) which can now or may at any Except Ta. times hereafter be legally exported; and also to permit the Importation on Freight, or on account of the Owners, or of the Public Service, in such Vessels or Packet Boats navigated according to Law, from all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said United Company's Charter, and from The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and the Island of Saint Helena save and except as aforesaid) into the Port of London, or any Port in Great Britain, of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize which are now or may at any time or times hereafter be legally imported; subject nevertheless to the fereral Restrictions, Conditions and Limitations in this Act contained.

r

Si

Quantity of Tea a board limited.

[Penalty.]

Goods not carried hut in Vessels of 350 Tons, and upwards.

Delaying Sailing after receiving MaiL

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Rates of Letters conveyed in Vessels not employed as Packets from G. B.

Sending, See. Letters without Authority.

[Penalty.]

Commanders to take Charge of Bags delivered by Order of JPostmaster.

S; ' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ship, carry or put on board, or permit or suffer to be shipped, carried or put on board such Vessels or Packet Boats, and any Ships or Vessels legally trading to and from The East India, such Quantity of Tea as shall be requisite for the Use of the Cretr of any such Ship, during the Voyage, not exceeding Two Pounds for each Man on board; and in case there shall be found on board any such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, on their Arrival at any Port or Place in the British Islands, or within Two hundred Miles of the same, any Tea exceeding in Quantity One hundred Pounds Weight, every Commander shall incur and be liable to a Penalty of Two Pounds for every Pound Weight of Tea exceeding such a Quantity,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to export or import any Goods, Wares or Merchandize ih any Vessel or Packet Boat to be employed under the Authority of this Act, unless such Vessel or Packet Boat shall be of the Burtheq of Three hundred and fifty Tons at the least.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander of any Vessel or Packet Boat to be established under the Authority of this Act, having received His Majesty's Mail on board, and having received his Clearance, shall wilfully needed to fail and proceed oq his Voyage within Twenty' four Hours after the time of receiving the Mail on board and his Clearance (Wind and Weather permitting), or shall wilfully deviate from the Course of his Voyage, such Commander for every such Neglect shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said United East India Company to give DirectionB to delay the Sailing of any Ship or Vessel belonging to and employed by the said Company, for a time to be limited or specified, giving Notice of such Directions to the Postmaster General within Twenty four Hours thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Vessels not employed a6 Packets from Great Britain to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius an$I The East Indies, there shall be charged and payable a Sea Postage of One Shilling and Two pence a Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets^Poltage to be paid on Delivery of the Letters at The Cape, The Mauritius and The East Indies, as the case may be.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That if a*ty Person shall fori without Authority of the Postmaster General to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius or The East Indies, any Letter or JPacjcet, or if any Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person shall carry or convey any Letter or Packet without such Authority to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius or The East Indies, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Letter so sent or conveyed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commander of any Ship failing to The Cape of Good Hope, TI>e Mauritus or The East Indies, is hereby authorized and required to take charge of and convey any Bags of Letters subject to the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling and Two pence, which shall be delivered to him by Order ot* Authority of the Postmaster General.

mM

'll

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 15 3. 817

XV. And, for the Services performed by the Commanders of Allowance for such Vessels, be it further enacted, That they shall be entitled to Letters to Com-receive on their Arrival in Port, either in Great Britain or in India, manders*

on delivering at the Poll Office all such Letters and Packets which they shall have on board, the Sum of Two pence for every Letter or Packet which he or they shall so deliver.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Port and Convey Rates of Letter*

auce of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried by Vefrt', s not or conveyed by Vessels not employed as Packets from The Cape of m: 'b, ved as Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies, to Great Britain, rm

there shall be charged and payable a Sea Postage of Eight pence

for each Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for Rate of Sea Twelve Months from and after the passing of this Act, no Letter or inrijjSn0trex. Packet of whatever Weight or Description coming from The Cape ccetj ?s. for any of Good Hope, Mauritius or India, shall be chargeable with a Packet, higher Rate of Sea Postage than Five Shillings for such Letter or

Packet; any thing to the contrary in this A<5 contained notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Poll Office* lawful to and for the Postmaster General in his Discretion, to efta- ttaMilhcd. blish Port Offices, and appoint Deputy Postmasters and other Officers, for the due Execution of this A A, in the United Kingdom, and in any of the Presidencies of the said United Company, and the same from time to time to remove and displace, and others to appoint in their Stead; and that all such Persons so to be appointed shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Postmaster General or his Agents for the due Discharge of their respective Duties, and accounting for and paying unto the Treasurers of the said United Company, at their respective Presidencies, on account of the Revenue of the Poll Office, all Sums which they shall respectively receive for the Port of Letters and Packets, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that no such Postmaster or other Person shall at any time retain Postmaster rein his Hands more than One thousand Pounds of the Public Money. taining Money.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of the said Treasurers of

United Company, at their respective Presidencies, shall and they are Compnny to re-hereby authorized and required to receive all such Sums, and from

time to time to remit the same to the Postmaster General, in such Qen^r*j " manner and under such Regulations as shall be agreed upon by the said United Company and the Postmaster General.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful President of -for the President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of B<*rd of Com-India for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets mi lopers ree* to and from The East Indies free from the Duties of Postage; and

that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for Colonial Affairs, Secretary of and the Secretaries to the Treasury for the time being, to fend and State and Secre-receive Letters and Packets to and from The Cape of Good Hope, jartes to Trea-Tht Mauritius and Ceylon, free from the Duty of Postage. ury* ree*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissionera Commissioners for the Affairs of India, receiving Salaries in virtue of for Affairs of such Office, and for the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the India and Se-time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets to or from any crtal7

Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company.or The Cape of Good Hope, provided that the Letters and 55 Geo. III. 3 G Packets

818

Chairman and Deputy Chairman of E. I. Co. free.

Directors free from India by Ships of Company.

Public Officers now free, to have same Privilege to and from India.

46 G. 3. c. 92.

 6  I4.

Seamen tnd Soldiers serving in East Indies, to

C. 153. 55 GEO. ID.' A.D. 1815.

Packets so to be sent and received- by such Commissioners or Se: cretary, by any one Packet or other Vessel, appointed to carry the Mail, do not collectively exceed the Weight of Five Ounces received, and Five Ounces sent, by each such Commissioners or by such Secretary.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said United Company for the time being, and for One Year after the said Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall have quitted their respective Offices, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage, to and from The East Indies only; provided that such Letters and Packets shall be upon the Concerns of the said Company only, and provided that such Letters shall be addressed or superferibed wholly in the Hand Writing of the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, and his Name added thereto in his Hand Writing; and also that it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company to send and receive Letters and Packets to and from The East Indies only, addressed and superferibed in like manner, free from Postage for One Year from and after the passing of this Act, and no longer.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company for the time being, to fend and re: ceive Letters and Packets free from Postage to and from The East Indies only, by the Ships of the said Company, provided that such Letters so to be sent and received do not collectively exceed the Weight of Five Ounces, by each Ship of the said Company; and that such Directors shall and may continue to send and receive such Letters and Packets for One Year after he or they shall have quitted the Direction.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent such Public Officers who now send and receive Letters and Packets free of Postage, from sending and receiving Letters and Packets to and from The Cape of Good Rope, Mauritius, Saint Helena and The East Indies, in the same manner as they are now authorized by Law to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

XXV. And Whereas, by a certain Act of Parliament made

and passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His prefeirt

Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Three Acts made in the Thirty 4fiftht Forty first and Forty second Tears of His present Majesty, rt- fating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, Seamen

employed in His Majesty's Navy and Non Commissioned Officers in the Army, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whilst actually employed in His Majesty's Service, were authorized to send and receive by the Post on his or their Private Concerns only, Single Letters, upon Payment of One Penny for each Letter, under the several Restrictions in the said Act contained: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Seamen in the Navy, whilst actually employed in His Majesty's 4 Service in The East Indies, and to Non Commissioned Officers in His Majesty's Army, whilst a dually employed in His Majesty's Service in The East Indies, and also to the Seamen and Non Commissioned Officers in the Army actually employed in the Service of the East India Company; Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act* it shall and may be lawful to

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 153. 511

and for each and every Seaman employed in His Majesty's Navy within any Part of The East Indies, and to and for every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, Trumpeter, Fifer and Private Soldier in His Majesty's Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Royal Marines, whilst actually employed in His Majesty's Service in The East Indies, and also to and for every Seaman, whilst actually employed in the Service of the East India Company, and to and for every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, Trumpeter, Fifer and Private Soldier in the Service of the said Company, whilst actually employed in the Service of the said Company, and not otherwise, to

receive by the Post, on his own Private Concerns only, free from Pottage, Single Letters; provided that the several Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said herein-before recited Act shall be complied with; and likewise to fend Single Letters by the Post, on his own Private Concerns only, on Payment of One Penny upon putting the same into any Post Office, under the several Regulations and Restrictions in the hereinbefore recited Act contained.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Advantages, Penalties and Methods' for the Recovery of the same, contained in the said recited Act, so far as relates to Soldiers and Seamen's Letters, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVII. And Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 1 Most Gracious Majesty, intituled An Act for making certain Regu- lotions respecting the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act as authorizes the Postmaster General to take a Rate of Six pence a Letter for Single Letters, and 0 on in Proportion for Letters brought by Vessels other than Packet Boats from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain; and as authorizes Persons in Places within His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas to receive from the Matters of Vessels coming from thence into Great Britain, Letters and Packet* which may be colieded and brought by such Matters to them for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and to receive from such Matters at the Rate of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters or Packets, and so in Proportion for a greater or letter Number, and as directs the manner in which such Letters are to be tranknitted by such Matters of Vessels to Great Britain; and so much of the said Act as authorizes the Matters of Vessels to collect Letters and Packets within His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and which directs the Sum of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters, and lb in Proportion for a greater or letter Number, to be repaid to such Matters, and as authorizes the Payment of Two pence for every Letter to such Matters; and also so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty of Five hundred Pounds upon any Matter who shall open any Bag or Bags of Letters, or who shall take out of such Bag any Letter or Letters, or shall not duly deliver such Bag at the Place where he shall arrive \ and likewise so much of the said Act as npofei a Penalty of Five Pounds upon any Person fending any Let-

3 G 2 ter

8 r 9

have Privilege of sending and receiving Letters free, on certain Conditions.

Powers of 46 G. 3. c. 92. extended to Act.

54 G. 3. c.i69.

*.

5-

6.

7-

.

C. 153.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

 16.

11.

1.

13-

 14-

repealed.

Letters brought by Vessels not Packets (except from India, &c.), to pay gd. for Single Letter, and Mailers of Vessels allowed ad.

Opening Bags.

ter or Packet by any Ship or Vessel of which he shall not be Owner, without having the Official Mark of the Postage having been paid thereon, and as imposes a like Penalty upon any Master having on board or carrying any Letter not being the Letter of his Owners, without such Official Mark thereon; and so much of the said Act as authorizes the Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officers of the Customs, to search Ships or Vessels for Letters or Packets, and to seize and forward the same to the Postmaster General $ and also so much of the said Act as authorizes such Collector, Comptroller or Officer to administer an Oath to such Master, that he has not any Letters which have not paid the Rates of Postage on board his Ship or Vessel, not being the Letters of the Owners of his said Ship; and likewise so much of the said Act as directs, that on the Arrival of any Ship in Port, the Master shall sign a Declaration that, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, he has delivered all the Letters, Bags or Parcels of Letters on board his Vessel, and as imposes a Penaltjr of Fifty Pounds upon any Master neglecting or refilling to make such Declaration; and likewise so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty of Twenty Pounds upon any, such Collector, Comptroller or principal Officer who shall permit any Ship or Vessel to break Bulk until the Requisites of the Ad shall be complied with; and also so much of the said Act as directs the Mode of recovering the Pecuniary Penalties by the said Act imposed, and the Application of the same, and also so much of the said Act as renders Persons guilty of a Misdemeanor who shall forge or cause to be forged any Stamp, Mark of Postage or Deflgnation upon any Letter, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Rate of Postage, shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be and the same are hereby repealed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General to demand, have, receive and take for every Letter which shall be brought by Ship* and Vessels (other than Packet Boats) from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from any the Kingdoms and Places beyond the Seas, into Great Britain, except from The Cape of Good Hope, Tie Mauritius and The East Indies, a Sea Postage of Eight pence for every Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets, in addition to any Inland or Internal Postage which may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets; and for the Encouragement of the Matters of such Ships or Vessels, it Audi be lawful for the Postmaster General to allow all such Matters the Sum of Two pence a Letter or Packet upon all such Letters and Packets as they respectively, on their arrival from Parts beyond the Seas, shall deliver unto the Deputy or Deputies of tbnPoftnfafter General, for such Place or Post Town at which they AaUtoucft or arrive.

XXIX. Provided always, and be: k; fi*hfr>'0ded, That if any Master of any Ship or Vessel

Parcel of Letters, with which he take out of such Bag, Pa< whatsoever, tO shall not dull f*nth, the-JLtfo*8; #t the P<

entrusted, orltosfl

A.D. 1815.

821

55 GEO. III. C. 153.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Owner* may for the Owners, Charterers or Consignees of Vessels, to fend their fend 00 Letters on board their own Ships, from any Port in Great Britain y* toj, <) " to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies, free fcc.free from Sea from the Sea Postage; provided that such Letters shall be endorsed Portage, on cer-with the Words " Owners or Charterers or Consignees Letter, " and tn Conditions, the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Owner, Charterer or Consignee, or the Firm of the Owners who shall be the

Writer of the same; and provided that the Letter so sent and endorsed by any Owner or Owners, Charterer or Consignee, or the whole Number of Letters, if there shall be more than One Letter, from such Owner or Owners, Charterer or Consignee, shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Twenty Ounces.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Owners or Shipful for the Owners or Shippers of Goods to fend Letters with their pers of Good* Goods on board any Ship or Vessel from any Port in Great Britain, nwy do same*

to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies free from the Ship Letter Postage; provided that such Letter shall be endorsed withxhe Christian and Surname of the Writer, or the Firm of the Writers, and with the Words " Owners or Shippers of Goods"

shipped on board the [state the Name of the Ship] bound to \_state the Place]; and provided the Letter or Packet of any such Owners or Shippers, or the whole Number of Letters, if there shall be more than One, from such Owners or Shippers, shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Owners of Vef-

lawful for the Owners, Charterers or Consignees of Vessels resident sch may receive in Great Britain, to receive their Letters by their own Vessels from m 1 e

any Place within His Majesty's Dominions, or Countries beyond n

the Seas, free from the Sea Postage; provided that such Owners,

Charterers or Consignees shall be described as such in the Address and Superscription of such Letters; and that such Letters to any One Owner, Charterer or Consignee, shall not, if coming from any Place in The East Indies, exceed collectively the Weight of Twenty Ounces; and if coming from any other Part beyond the Seas, exceed collectively the Weight of Six Ounces.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be*a, so Owners lawful for the Owners or Consignees of Goods on board Ships ar- JJ02, nfi*u*iof riving from Abroad to receive Letters free from the Sea Postage by 00

such Ships, provided that such Owners or Consignees shall be described as such in the Address and Superscription thereof $ and provided it shall appear by the Ship's Manifest that such Persons a6111 ally have Goods on board such Ships, and that the Letter or Letters addressed to any One such Owner or Consignee shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend Act not to af-to prevent the Letters of Owners, Consignees or Freighters of Ships* Lettfrs of arriving in this Country from The East Indies before the Tenth Day Veto" arriving of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to receive their hefore.IO, Letters free of Postage as heretofore, although they may exceed 1816.

the Weight herein limited, or may not be marked as dire died by this

Aft.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this, or in Letters from any other Act contained, shall extend to charge with the Duty of 2*.**

3G3 Postage y

C.IJ3*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Agents of their Postage any Letters of Packets addressed by the Governor! of i?o7chTeeabU His Majesty, s Settlements of Ceylon, The Cape of Good Hope or The with Pelage.* Mauritius, or by the Secretaries of these Governments respectively, to the Agents of those respective Governments residing in England, or by such Agents to such Governors or Secretaries: Provided always, that the Contents of such Letters and Packets relate honafde to the Public Service, or Concerns of such Governments, and that they are superscribed by such Governor, Secretary or Agent respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collec. for, Comptroller or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs, find any Letter or Letters superscribed as the Letters of such Owners, Charterers, Consignees or Shippers, exceeding the Number or Weight limited by this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer to seize so many of the Letters as shall reduce the Remainder within the proper Weight, and shall take the same to the nearest Poll Office, and the Postmaster of the Place shall pay to the Officer delivering the same at the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence for each Letter or Packet so, seized.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Packet Boats, or Shipi or Vessels employed as Packet Boat?, to any Part of His Majesty's Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, excepting The East Indies, shall and may with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, either be received at the Post Office in Great Britain, upon forwarding the same, or by the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General upon their Delivery.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs,

Letters on board at any Port or Place whatsoever, and he is hereby authorized to re-to m e o ow qU|re a Declaration from any Commander of any Ship or Vessel failing to The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius or The East Indies, that he has not nor will take any Letters on board his Ship which have not been delivered to him by Authority of the Postmaster General, or which are not exempted from Postage by this Act; which Declaration shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following:

T j4. B. Commander of the [fate the Name of the Ship or Vessel]

bound to ffate the Place'] do, as required by Law, solemnly t declare, That I have not to the best of my Knowledge and Belief on board my Ship or Vessel, nor will I take any Letters which have

not been delivered to me by Authority of the Postmaster General,

or which are not exempted from Postage.'

And in case any such Commander shall make Vfclft tir lintrue Declaration he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit arijtfpxy the Sum of Fifty Pounds.'-0

XXXIX. And be it further of any

Ship or Vessel in any Port where 1 "' "

Port of its Deftmation, the Mr11^ all the Bags, Packager or Pan ob btoard f

Owners* Letters exceeding Weight allowed lei zed and carried to Post Office.

Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters received at Post Office.

Commanders of Vessels having

to make following

Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Bags of Letters delivered on Arrival.

CUJJ

xHfice, or at the send to the same

823

h A.D. 18x$. 55 GEO. III. C. 153.

1 authorized by the Postmaster General at the Port or Place, who shall

; also sign the same: which Declaration shall be in the Form, or to

the Effect following; that is to say,

T A* B. Commander of the [state the Name of the Ship or Vessel] Declaration on

1 arrived from [_state the Place] do, as required by Law, so- Delivery of 1 lemnly declare, That I have, to the bed of my Knowledge and Letters-

i Belief, delivered or caused to be delivered at the Pott Office at[fate the Place] every Letter, Bag, Package or Parcel of Lettersthat were on board the [state the Name of the Ship\ except such < Letters as are exempted by this Act.*

And that until such Declaration shall be made and produced to the Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer of the Customs, he or they shall not permit such Ship or Vessel to report.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer of any Ship Refusing to make or Vessel shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make the several Declar- Declaration, ations by this Act required, or to produce the last mentioned Declar- Penalty* ation, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comptrol- Vessels failing ler or Principal Officer, hereby required to prohibit any Ship or before Regula-Vessel reporting until the Requisites of this Act shall be complied C0,: nPlied with, shall permit such Ship or Vessel to report, such Collector, ww'Comptroller or Officer, so permitting such Ship or Vessel to report,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Officers to to and for such Collector, Comptroller or Officer, at any Port or learch Packa2es* Place whatsoever, who, in the due Execution of his Duty as a Revenue Officer, shall discover any Letters or Packets on board any Vessel in any Port or Place whatsoever, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the same to the Postmaster General or his Deputy, at the Port or Place; and that the Officer seizing and fending the same shall be entitled to one Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any such Offence; and that in all cases of such Seizure the Proof shall lie Onus probandi. on the Person in whose Possession or Baggage the Letters or Packets shall be found that the Provisions of this Act have been complied with.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Bags, Pack- Commanders of ages or Parcels of Letters shall be brought by any Ship of War, the Ships cf War to Commander thereof shall cause the same and all Letters which may be fend Letters to on board (except the Public Dispatches of Government) to be im- Polt office* mediately lent to the Pod Office, at the First Port where be shall arrive; and such Commander shall, for all such Letters, be entitled to xeceivethe same Allowances as are payable to Matters of Ships or Vessels.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen Money due to from any unforeseen circumstances, that the Matter of any Ship or Matters of Vef-Vessel, or the Commander of any Ship of War, shall, upon delivering felspaid bypost-his Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, be prevented from xeceiv- master General, ing the Money to which he shall be entitled, such Matter or Commander shall nevertheless be paid the same, by the Order of the Post-master General, at such other Places as may be most convenient.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates of Pottage Pottage paid on hereinbefore mentioned for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Delivery, the said Packet Boats, Ships or Vessels from any Port in Great 3 G 4 Britain,

C.ij3.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Having Letters on board after Delivery at Loft Office.

Per. dry.

Falsely super-fcrihine Letters as being Ship Owners, Penalty.

Penalties bow recovered and applied.

f Sic. After Establishment, if Three Months elapse without dif-patching Public Mail, any Person may carry Letters without being subject to Penalties of Ad.

Not to extend to C Jna Letters.

Britain, to any Port in The East Indies, shall be received by the Deputies of the Postmaster General, upon their Delivery in India, and that the Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters from any Port or Place in The East Indies to Great Britain shall be received at the Option of the Parties fending the same, or upon their Delivery in Great Britain or Ireland, by the Deputies of the Postmaster General in India upon forwarding the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Master of any Vessel shall have delivered his Letters at the Post Office of any Port at which he may touch, prior to his arriving at that Port where the Ship or Vessel is to report, any Letter or Packet not exempted by this Act, shall be found on board his Vessel, in his Possession, or in the Possession of any of his Crew, or any Passenger on board, every such Person knowingly having such Letter or Packet in his Possession or in his Baggage, shall forfeit and pay for every Letter the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatso ever shall falsely superferibe any Letter as being the Owner, Charterer or Consignee of the Vessel conveying the same, or the Owner, Shipper or Consignee of the Goods shipped in the Vessel, every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several Pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be payable to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the same, to be recovered "with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or in the Colony or Place where the Offence shall be committed, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be admitted.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time here afterf the Establishment of such Vessels as aforesaid, a Space of Three Calendar Months shall have elapsed without any Public Mail having been dispatched from Great Britain to The Cape of Good Hope and The Mauritius, and the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Sainr&eorge and Bombay m The East Indies, it shall be lawful for any Person to send, or take on board, and carry any Letters or Packets from Great Britain to such of the said Places to which no Mail shall have been so dispatched during the time aforesaid, or from such of the Places aforesaid from which no Mail shall have been so dispatched to Great Britain, without being subject therefore to any of the Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments or Restrictions in this Act contained, until some Public Mail shall have been again dispatched from Great Britain to such Place, or from such Place to Great Britain.

L. Provided always, and be it fuitSier^jh^b^'That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or extend to any

No foadtiei n

curred uttfeGi 1

Ertablfftrinent of Jgy M ils carried

Letters or Packets to or from Ch carried as heretofore has been ufed4 contained notwithstanding* r, LIr Provided always, and.beJ

may be sent and contrary herein

82 5

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 153, 154.

sent to and from India, unless the Provisions hereinbefore contained, into Effect within i as to establishing Vessels for the Conveyance of Mails of Letters to Si* Months.

The East Indies, shall be carried into Effect within Six Months from the passing of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action or Suit Actions brought against any Person or Persons, for collecting, carrying, conveying, (01 carrying delivering or fending Letters or Packets contrary to the Provisions Lette's contrary in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty to^nn*c'10' Queen Anne, intituled An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and Jor settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's Occassions, or contrary to the Provisions in an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 42 g. c.Bt. An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Tear or this ACT. of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling or defraying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post, and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets, and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent other wise than by the Post, or in either of them, or contrary to the Provisions ot tins Act, the Proof shall lie on the Person or Persons against whom such Action onus probandi. or Suit shall be brought, for delivering or fending Letters or Packets, that the same were delivered or sent according to the Provisions contained in the said last mentioned Acts, or one of them, or according to the Provisions contained in this present Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by Application of the several Rates and Duties as aforesaid (except the Monies which Rates, shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the same), shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund ot Great Britain.

LIV. And be it fur; her enacted, That if any Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing Actions. done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Twelve Months after the Fa& committed, and not. afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General UTue, and give this Act and the Special Matter General KTue. in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find for the Defefndant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall fce given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Treble Celts. Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subfillence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[11 th July 1815.^

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Ante, c.ic8.

W Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and 

, for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted,

C. 154. 55 GEO. III. A.p. 1815,

 66.

Allowances for Diet of Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers.

Further Allowance of One Halfpenny per Diem.

enacted, that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet sod

Small Beer upon paying and allowing for the same the several Rates

that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament;

and an Option is given to Innholders and others, upon whom

Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain

Articles gratis in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and ' expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be made and established ' for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Act by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the same the Sum of Fourteen pence per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclusive, and from and after that Day the Sum of One Shilling per Diem; and that for such Allowances of Fourteen pence and One Shilling, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet) a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billeted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dreffied. One Pound of Bread, Oiie Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, furnish such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein

mentioned in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rato prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom liich Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Consideration thereof. One Halfpenny^/* Diem for each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rate aforesaid.

Horses quarter-

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the ed I*, ad. 1per Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United RiTJid Straw'Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty'i*j Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay ao j Straw, shall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse J|

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissiooec. diUSS'ta Officers and Soldiers shall be e titled to receive their Diet and Small I Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may b< o* 3__________ Rumc

A.D. 181; 55 GEO. III. C. 154. 827

billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Officers and Rate hereinbefore prescribed while on the March, as also on and for Sld, e*s on the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and Marc on the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholderj or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

V. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable Paying Money by the said recited Act to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him to Non Commis-er her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Corn- oned ?!ftce, rs- missioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing in Heuof Diet'&c. 1 kind, the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commissioned

Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner Penalty, as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow according to the Directions of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regi- Proviso for Non ment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall C^missioned be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediatehe? halted. Place, the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto,

shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Deftiuation, according to this Act.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that If halting only

any Regiment, Tropp, Company or Detachment, when on their af'er.

March shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, a M^rk^DaVr that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or De y>jet nnd small tachment, shall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Beer not dif. Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after such continued. Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons fcforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Regulations as Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits l Recruiting by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after n March, the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to

the same Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days fishsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station,

C. 154, 155. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181

shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rat hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whoi he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case an such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, (ha remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the fam Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall no be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for fuc Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of thei Removal from such Place, and their Return* thereto, shall hav exceeded Twenty eight Days.

Continuance of JX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day o( Pro*ifo for Pay- March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and that all Payment, &c. inents which have been made, and all Acts, Matters and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as ii this Act had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Act altered, &c. X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered and varied by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

[Proviso.]

54 G. 3- c. 172.

 a.

Part of Duties continued.

His Majesty by Procbmatfon or Order inCouncU maynwdjft OpemSW.

CAP. CLV.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and Licences imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty; and for enabling His Majesty by Order in Council to modify the Operations of the said Act, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and

Licences; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it was

provided that One Fourth Part of the said several Duties by that

Act imposed should expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas ft inexpedient that the fame should be continued for a time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Fourth Part of the XSMwJ.Bhties by the said Act imposed, and which would expfltjfiu^fe*fiud'Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and the same Fourth Part of the said several further continued from the said Fifth Day of hundred

and fifteen, and shall remain and Fifth Day

of Jtilf 'One thoii&nd eight hu' '

Scotland, to modify the Operations or reduce the Duties by this Act and by the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty imposed on the Highlands of Scotland, for any time not exceeding the Space of Three Months after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order or Orders in Council, so to modify the Operations or to reduce the Duties so imposed on the Highlands of Scotland, in such manner as to His said Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such Proclamation or Proclamations or Order or Orders in Council shall be specified, dated and expressed.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty fourth Year 24 G. 3. Sefl*. 2, W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for

c. 56.

the iffcHual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to

authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas the said Act hath been

[Proviso.]

continued by different Acts: And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to appoint certain Places, as well out of His Majesty's Dominions as within the same, to which Felons and other Offenders may be transported; and that the Regulations of the said Act should be amended, and more effectual Provision made for the Transportation of such Offenders; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said repealed, recited Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the same is hereby repealed: lave and except as Exception, to all Acts done under the same before the passing of this Act; and also save and except as to all Proceedings commenced before the passing thereof: Provided always, that it shall be lawful in any case in which any Proceedings have Deen commenced under the said Act, to proceed after the passing of this Act, under the Provisions thereof, in relation to any Offender, in any case in which it shall be expedient so to do.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the parting of Persons convict-this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court, before which any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be convicted at any Session of Oyer Xransporution and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General transported c-Session of the Peace to be holden for any County, Riding, Division, cordingly.

City, Town, Borough, Liberty or Place, within th&t Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great SefGon to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Offence for which such Person or Persons shall have been or be subject to be transported, to order and adjudge, or any subsequent Court holden at any Place for the

His Majesty may appoint Places.

C.i56.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1frj

If His Majesty extend Mercy to Offender liable to Death, Court may order him to be transported.

Contractor to have Property in Service of Offender.

same County, Riding, Dirifion, City, Town, Borough, Libert) or Place respectively, with like Authority, to order and adjudg that such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be tranl ported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding the Number 0 Years or Term for which such Person or Persons is or are or dial be liable by any Law to be transported; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to declare and appoint any other Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, in addition to such as shall have been heretofore declared and appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, either within His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere out of His Majesty's Dominions, to which any such Felons or other Offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and such Court as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to order such Offenders to be transferred to the Use of any Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation; and when His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders who hath or have been or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes, for which he, she or they is, are or shall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Transportation to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for a Term of Life or any Number of Years, and such Intention of Mercy shall be signified by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, it shall be lawful for any Court having proper Authority, to allow such Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a Conditional Pardon, and to order such Offender or Offenders to be transported for such Term of Life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transportation as aforesaid, and to make such Order of Transfer as aforesaid; and when any Offender or Offenders hath or have been or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes, for which he, she or they is or are by Law excluded the Benefit of Clergy, the Judge before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be conviaed, or any Justice of The King's Bench, Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall have been tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, or any Justice of Chester or Wales, in case the said Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted within any of their respective Jurisdictions, shall, on such Intention of Mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by One of the said Principal Secretaries of State, make an Order for the immediate Transportation of such Offender or Offenders, and for such Offender or Offenders to be transferred as aforesaid, in the same manner as if such Intention of Mercy had been signified by One of the said Principal Secretaries of State, during the Continuance of the Assizes or Sessions at which such Offender or Offenders was or were condemned: and such Order shall be confickrcd as an Order made at such Assizes or Sessions as aforesaid, and shall be a6 effectual and have all the same Consequences as any Order for the Transportation of any Offender or Offenders, made by any Justice of Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, for any County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, during the Continuance of the Assizes or Sessions; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, Ids or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of such Offender

831

f A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

C.i 56.

1 or Offenders for such Term of Life or Year* for which such 1 Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, Clerk Clerks of Afshe,

r of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court, shall be paid by thee- Pa, d ufu81

i Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, I'ec* f Town or Place, the same Fee as hath been usually paid, or such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court 1 is entitled to for the Order of Transportation of any Offender.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons to whom Persons'under-

any such Offender or Offenders shall be transferred as aforesaid, shall, takl, g 1 t"nf*

before any of them shall be delivered over to him or them to be ^rgive security,

transported, give Security that he or they will transport or cause to

be transported effectually such Offender or Offenders to such Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas respectively* as shall be appointed by His Majesty in such manner as aforesaid; and procure such Evidence as the nature of the case will admit, of the landing of such Offender or Offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in that Place or Part, or those Places or Parts beyond the Seas, where to he, she or they shall be ordered to be transported (Death and Casualties by Sea excepted); and that he, she or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful Default of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, or of his or their Assigns.

V. And be it also enacted, That every such Court as aforesaid Court may ip-may appoint two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Point Justices to Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, where such Offender or "ntr^ for. Offenders shall have been convicted, who shall have Power and are o/off^ideis^oo hereby requited to contract with any Person or Persons who shall be Security by*nominated by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, Bond.

for the Performance of the Transportation of such Offender .'or Offenders, and to order such Security to be taken as aforesaid; and also to cause such Offender or Offenders to be delivered, by the respective Gaolers or Persons in whose Custody he, she or they shall be, to the Person or Persons contracting, or to his or their Assigns; which Contrafts and Security shall be certified by the Justices, who shall make and take the same to the next Court to be holden with the Hke Authority for the said County, Riding, Division, City,

Liberty, Borough or Place, to be filed and kept among the Records

of such Court 5 and all Securities for Transportation shall be by Securities for

Bond in the Name of the respective Clerks of the Peace or other Transportation.

Clerks of the Court, who shall prosecute such Bonds in their own

Names; for which Purpose every such Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Court, and his Successors respectively, shall be deemed a

Body Corporate, and shall have and be paid all such Colts as they shall sustain in any such Suit, as the Justices of the Peace shall at

their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace direct, out of the Public

Stock; and all Monies recovered on such Bonds shall be for the Use

of the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough

Or Place, and be paid to their respective Treasurers, to be Part of the Public Stock; and all Charges in or about making the Contfacts,

taking Securities, and conveying Felons and other Offenders, in

order to be transported, shall be borne by each County, Riding,

Division, City, Liberty, Borough or Place, for which the Court was hdd which ordered such Offenders to be transported s and the

C. ij6.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Persons con-tradting to trmsport Offenders, may carry them through any County to Sea Port.

Death.

Offender at

piratiou

Term.

respective Treasurers shall, by Order of the Justices in Quarter Sessions, pay all such Charges to the Persons employed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, and to whom any Offenders shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any Person or Persons directed by the said Justices (empowered to contract as aforesaid) or their Assigns, may in such manner as they shall think fit, carry and secure the said Offenders in and through any County of Great Britain, towards the Sea Port or Place from whence they are to be transported; and if any Person or Persons shall refeue such Offenders or any of them, or assist them or any of them in making their Escape from such Person or Persons as shall have them in their Custody as aforesaid, he, she or they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender or Offen-large before Ex- ders who shall be so ordered by any such Court as aforesaid to be piratiou of transported, or who shall agree to transport himself or herself on certain Conditions, either for Life or any Number of Years, to any such Place or Places, Part or Parts, as shall be appointed by His Majesty in manner % foresaid, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every such Offender beirtg at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death; and such Offender or Offenders may be tried either before the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, for the County, City, Liberty, Borough or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, she or they were ordered to be transported; and the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer, or Clerk of the Court having the Custody of the Records where such Order of Transportation shall be made, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor or any other Person on His Majesty's behalf, make out and give a Certificate in Writing signed by him, containing the Effect and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Conviction of such Offender or Offenders and of the Order for his or her Transportation, to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions or Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the same more than Six Shillings and Eight pence) which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders so being at large as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted, and shall have Inch Certificate to receive the same, as any Person or Persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction, Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the Highway: Provided never theless, that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may pardon and dispense with such Transportation, and allow of the Return of an? such Offender or Offenders to this Kingdom.

His Majesty^

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa/fin; .; 53JriUawval it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, by

Death.

Before whom Offenders tried,

Certificate*

Fee.

Informers.

Reward.

[Proviso.]

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 156.

an Order in Writing to be notified by One of the said -Principal Secretaries of State, or for any Three or more of such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place in which any Gaol shall be situated, as shall be authorized by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, to direct the Removal of any Male Offender or Offenders who shall be under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during His Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and who having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Confinement within England or the Dominion of Walcs> either at Land, or on board any Ship or Vessel to be provided by His Majesty in the River Thames, or any Navigable or other River, or within the Limits of any Port or Harbour of England or Wales, as His Majesty, or any Three of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, shall from time to time appoint, under the Management of a Superintendent and Overseer to be appointed by His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid; and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said Place of Confinement, or be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices authorized as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until such Offender shall be transported according to Law, or by the Expiration, of the Term of such Transportation or otherwise shall be entitled to his Liberty, or until His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justices so authorized as aforesaid, shall direct the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall have been so removed; and the Sheriff or Gaoler having the Custody of any Offender whose Removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall with all convenient Speed, after the Receipt of the Notification of any such Order, convey or cause to be conveyed every such Offender to the Place appointed, and there deliver him to such Superintendent or Overseer, together with a true Copy, attested by such Sheriff or Gaoler, of the Caption and Order of the Court before which such Offender was tried, containing the Sentence of Transportation of each such Offender respectively, by virtue whereof he shall be in the Custody of such Sheriff or Gaoler; and also a Certificate containing his Age, and an Account of his Behaviour in Prison before and after his Trial, and the Gaoler's Observations on his Temper and Disposition, and such Information concerning his Connexions and former Course of Life as may have come to the Gaoler's Knowledge; and such Superintendent or Overseer as aforesaid shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all reasonable Expences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Removal shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place, for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted shall have been held, and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Liberty or Place; such Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at 55 Geo. III. 3 H their

833

of Male Pfi-foners.

Gaoler, f<c. to deliver Offenders according to Orders with Certificate, &c.

Expences of Removal.

C. 156.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Overseers to have same Powers as Gaolers.

their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby required to make such Order as shall be just in that behalf.

Washing, cc. X. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be and clothing, &c. brought to any such Place of Confinement as aforesaid, in pursuance Offenders. Of the Powers contained in this Act, he shall be washed, cleansed and purified, and the Clothes in which he shall be then clothed shall be burnt if necessary, or otherwise shall be preserved and taken Care of for him, by the Overseer of the Place of Confinement, and redelivered to him upon his quitting it, or fold for his Benefit, and the Produce thereof accounted for to him by the Overseers aforesaid; and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, either at the End or other Determination of his Term, such other decent Clothing as shall be judged necessary and proper by the Superintendent aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender by the Overseer of the Place of Confinement from which he is discharged, and also such Sum of Money for his immediate Subsistence, as the said Superintendent shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not in any case exceed Three Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after the Removal of any Offender under this Act, the Superintendent or Overseer who shall have the Custody of him, shall, during the Term of such Custody, jiave the same Powers over him as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for any Escape of such Offender; and also during such Custody shall fee him fed and clothed according to a Scale of Diet and Clothing to be fixed on and notified in Writing by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Superintendent j and shall Keep such Offender to Labour, at such Places, and under such Regulations, Directions, Limitations and Restrictions, as His Majesty, or any Three or more of such Justice6 so authorized as aforesaid, shall from rime to time, by any Order to be directed to such Superintendent or Overseers for

fraprisonment their Instruction, appoint: And it is hereby declared, that the time ^ur*n& which any Offender shall have continued in Gaol under Sen-erm* tence of Transportation, or being removed under the Provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this Act, shall be taken and reckoned in Discharge or part Discharge or Satisfaction of the Term of his Transportation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender shall, during such Custody under this Act, be guilty of any Misbehaviour or dii* orderly Condust, it shall be lawful for such Superintendent or Overseer having the Custody of such Offender, to inflict or cause to be inflicted such moderate Punishment or Correction as may be infiifted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction; and if any such Offender shall break from or unlawfully escape from the Custody

ifcape or Rescue Gf such Superintendent or Overseer; or if any Person shall rescue

Overseers may inflidl moderate Punishment, Sec,

how punUhed.

Superintendent to make Re-

or attempt to rescue, or assist in refeuing any such Offender from such Custody, or shall convey or cause to be conveyed any Disguise, Instrument for effecting Escape, or Arms, to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such Offender had been confined in Gaol or Prison in the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the Crime of which such Offender shall have been convicted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent of the several Placet of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this A

n*., -

3 S

A.D. 18rj; 55 GEO. III. C.i ?5.

shall from time to time make returns specifying the Name of every Person in Custody in each of such Places of Confinement, the Offence of which he or fhc shall have been guilty, the Court before which he or she shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of such Court, together with his or her Age and bodily State, and his or her Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Names of such Offenders who shall have died whilst in such Custody, or shall have escaped, or have been lawfully discharged from the same; which Returns shall be made on the First Day of every Ecisler Term, and the First Day of every Michaelmas Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, on the Oath of the Overseer of such respective Places of Confinement, such Oath to be made before the said Court, or any Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint one fit and able Person to be Superintendent of any Place or Places of Confinement either at Land or on board any Ship or Vessel to which any such Offenders shall be re* moved by virtue of this Act, and One proper Person to be Overseer on board each such Ship or Vessel, who, with a sufficient Number of Officers and Guards, shall constantly reside on board 5 and such Superintendent shall personally visit and inspect such Places of Confinement Four Times in every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, and shall distinctly examine into the State of such Places of Confinement, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Overseers, Officers and Guards, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, and the Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement, and shall make a faithful Report of the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause such Report to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, at the beginning of every Session; and such Superintendent shall also, in Matters of extreme Necessity? make a special Report thereof to His Majesty's said Principal Secre* taryof State, who may, if he shall see fit, submit such special Report to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who are hereby authorized to afford such Redress or provide such Regulations as they shall deem proper; and such Superintendent and Overseers shall continue in Office during His Majesty's Pleasure, and shall re* ceive such Salaries as His Majesty shall appoint; and such Superintendent shall be paid such Travelling and other reasonable Expenses as shall be incurred by him in Discharge of his Duty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender hath already been ordered to be transported to any Part beyond the Seas, or if any Order shall at any time hereafter be made for the Transportation of any Offender, and such Order cannot be conveniently exe7 cuted with respect to the Place in such Order mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, or (in the Vacation Time and out of Term) for any Two Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Barons of the Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, to order that such OSender shall be transported to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas which shall have been appointed by His Majesty for the Transportation of such Offenders, in such and the like manner, and for the same Term of Years, as such Offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the Place mentioned in thf original Sentence or Order for his or her Transportation; and fuen

3 H 2 Order

turns of Prisoners to K. B,

Appointment of Superintendent.

Judges may alter Sentenesf of TrarjfportSn tion.

C.i $6.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Contractor to have Property in Service of Offender.

Offender at large before Ex-piratiou of Term.

Death.

How tried, &c.

Informer.

Reward.

Order shall be considered as made at the same time, and shall be ai effectual to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the same Consequence9 in every respect, as the original Order for the Trans* portation of such Offender; and such Offender shall be transferred, conveyed and made over to any Person who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their Assign9, in like manner as if such Offender had been transported to the Place mentioned in the original Order of Transportation; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have a Property in the Service of the said Offender for the Remainder of the Term for which the Offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case any such Offender so ordered for Transportation shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall suffer Death, without Benefit of Clergy; and shall be tried before such Judges, and in such manner, and the same Evidence made use of for his or herConviction, as is or shall be directed by the Laws now in being, or hereafter to be made for the Trial of other Offenders who shall be at large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender, so being at large within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Reward of Twenty Pounds for every such Offender so convicted, and shall have such Certificate to receive the same as any Person may be entitled to for the apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction Persons who have committed any Robbery upon the Highway.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, a far as the same relates to the Removal of Prisoners, convicted, and remaining in Custody under Sentence of Death, and respited during His Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Transportation to other Places of Confinement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action

shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons mayplead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shallpafs /or the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (han |^t^ Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or joined, or

if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgm^i^n against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendanfl^SE^P^ shall recover Treble Coftt. Treble Costs, and have the like* ady Defendants have by LawNm other a Vetdid

shall be given to any Plaintiff Suit as s -

fudbjplaintiff shall not -have- r!^8HHBBBBjDfcfendafltV'

Wthe Trial ihiinBi&^i* AnuWV of

Account of Expence* laid before Parliament.

DencMl Issue.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Limitation of Prosecution8 to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any -Act*00* thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fa6l was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not otherwise.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue Continuance and be in force till the First Day of May One thousand eight hun- of Ad, dred and sixteen, and no longer.

CAP. CLVII.

An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland; and for empowering the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland should be respectively empowered to appoint fit Persons in Great Britain to be (landing Commissioners for the Examination of Witnesses and taking Answers and Pleas ( and Demurrers in Suits in Equity depending in such Courts respectively, and that the Power of granting Commissions for taking i Affidavits, which is now vested in the Courts of Law and Equity in

Ireland, shall be enlarged, by enabling such Courts respectively to

grant Commissions for the same Purpose in all Parts of Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, or other Person or Persons having the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to appoint one or more fit and proper Person and Persons to swear and examine, in England and Scotland, Witnesses who shall be produced before such Person or Persons in England or Scotland, to be sworn and examined in Suits depending in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, as a Court of Equity; and to take in England or Scotland Answers, Pleas and Demurrers of Defendants in such Suits and Affidavits of Parties and others in such Suits, in such and the same manner as the Mailers in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery may swear, and the Examiner of the said Court may examine such Witnesses, and as the said Mailers may take such Answers, Pleas and Demurrers, and such Affidavits, according to the Practice of the said Court.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in like manner lawful, from and after the passing of this Act, for the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor and Barons of His Majesty's Court of ^Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, or any Two or more, of them, whereof the Lord Treasurer, Chancellor or Lord Chief I/ Baron for the time being shall be One, to appoint, and they are hereby ^hspectively authorized and empowered to appoint, One or more fit

Ijmd proper Person and Persons to swear and examine, in England or Scotland, Witnesses who shall be produced before such Person or j Personi w England or Scotland, to be sworn and examined as Wit-r 3H 3'nesses

Lord Chancellor may appoint Persons to examine Witnesses and take Affidavits, &c. of Persons in England, &c. as to Suits depending in Chancery in Ireland.

Lord Treasurer and Barons of Exchequer in Ireland may appoint Persons for lame Purpose as to Suita in Exchequer.

Lord Chancf 1-Jor, 5c c. todii vdt Fees to be xAa\ and Travelling Ch.irces.

Authority and Title of Offices appointed.

Persons appointed Extraordinary Commissioners under Act shall take Oath.

. 157. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

nesses in Suits depending in the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as a Court of Equity, and to take, in England or Scotland Answrm, Pleas and Demurrers of Defendants in such Suits, and to take Affidavits of Parties and others on Suits depending in the said Court of Exchequer of Ireland, as a Court of Law or of Equity, in such and the same manner as the Barons of the said Court may swear, and may examine such Witnesses, and as the said Barons may take such Answers. Pleas and Demurrers, and such Affidavits, according to the Fra&ice of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, the Master of the Rolls, and the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Exchequer, or Five or more of them, of whom the Lord High Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the time being, the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, shall be One, shall from time to time order and direct the Fees to be taken by the several Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, exclusive of Travelling Charges and Expences, when any such Commissioner shall be required to travel from his Place of Abode for any of the Purposes of this Act; and shall also from time to time order and direct the Rates to be taken for such Travelling Charges and Expences.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland respectively, shall hold such Offices during the Pleasure of the Court so appointing them, and shall be deemed and taken to be Officers of the said Court, and shall be called Extraordinary Commissioners thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that such Extraordinary Commissioners respectively shall have full Power and Authority to summon Persons to attend them respectively at such Times and Places as they shall respectively appoint, to be fwoni and examined as Witnesses in Suits depending in the Courts so appointing them, in the same manner as Commissioners appointed by Special Commission by such Courts respectively may examine such Witnesses.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be appointed an Extraordinary Commissioner under the Authority of this Act, shall, previous to entering upon the Duties of such Office, take the Oath of Office herein after mentioned and prescribed; which Oath shall be taken by every such Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Chancery of Ireland to such Duty in England, before One of the Master* in Ordinary of the Court of Chancery of England, or other Person in England appointed by the Court of Chancery of England to take Affidavits in said Court, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same; which Oath shall in like manner be taken by every such Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Chancery of Ireland to such Duty in Scotland, before One of the Lords 01 the Sessions in Scotland, or other Person or Persons lawfully authorized to take Affidavits in the said Court, who are hereby rc-fpc6tively empowered and required to administer the same; which Oath shall in like manner be taken by every such Officer a* shall be appointed by the Court of Exchequer of Ireland to such Duty in

England\ before One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer of England\ or other Person in England appointed by the Court of Exchequer of England to take Affidavits in said Court who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same; and which Oath shall in like manner be taken by every such Officer as shall be appointed by the Court of Exchequer of Ireland to such Duty in Scotland, before One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer of Scotland, or other Person in Scotland appointed by the Court of Exchequer of Scotland to take Affidavits in said Court, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same; and every Oath so to be taken shall be, immediately after the same hath been taken, transmitted by the Officer so taking the same to the proper Officer for filing Affidavits in the Court by which such Person has been appointed such Extraordinary Commissioner, who shall, upon Receipt thereof, file and preserve the same in such manner as other Affidavits made in said Court are filed and preserved, in his Office.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Oath to be taken in manner before mentioned shall be in the Form following:

M T do solemniy and sincerely swear>

That I will duly and faithfully, and to the bell of my Skill and Power, execute the Office of an Extraordinary Commissioner of the Court of of in

for the Purposes mentioned in an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland, and for empowering the Courts of Law and

Equity in Ireland to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in all

4 Parts of Great Britain, and shall in every respect, to the best of my Knowledge, conform to the Rules and Orders of the said Court, and Provisions of the said Act. So help me GOD.*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer of Ireland respectively, shall from time to time make such General or Particular Orders touching the Conduct of such their Officers in their respective Offices, and touching the Examination of such Witnesses, and the taking of such Answers, Pleas and Demurrers, and such Affidavits in their said Courts respectively, and touching the transmitting the same to the said Courts respectively, as to the said respective Courts shall from time to time seem fit and proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall in England or Scotland\ be sworn or deponed, and examined as a Witness, or sworn or deponed to the Truth of any Answer or Plea or Affidavits before any Officer or Officers who shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act for taking the same, and who shall, in his or her Answer, Plea or Affidavit, wilfully swear or depone falsely, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall incur and be liable to the same Pains and Penalties as if such Person had wilfully sworn or deponed falsely in the open Court, wherein the Suit in which such Oath was so taken then depended.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the-Courtt of King's Bench and Common 'Pleas in Ireland respect-

3H4 wely.

Form of Oath.

Courts of Chan, eery, 3cc. may make Orders touching Conduct of Officers.

Perjury.

Powers of Courts of King's Bench, arc. extended, ss to granting Commissions for talcing Affidavits in G. B.

C.I57, 158.

s$> GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Perjury.

32 G. 3. (I.) c. 16.

54 G. 3. c. 131.

Ante, c. 13.

Grand June* empowered to prefr* t icL at every Assizes, for ..'on: tables appointed by Grand Juries under Acts.

ively, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have such and the same Powers of granting Commissions for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain, as the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas in Ireland respectively now have in Ireland; and all and every Person and Persons wilfully swearing falsely in any Affidavit to be made before any Person who shall be empowered to take Affidavits under the Authority aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall incur and be liable to the same Pains and Penalties as if such Person had wilfully sworn falsely in the open Court wherein the Suit in which such Affidavit was so taken at such time depended.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Act to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sums for Constables in Ireland, and for the secure Conveyance of Prisoners.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled yin All for regulating the Office of Constable, and for better enforcing the Process of the Criminal Law in certain Parts of this Kingdom; it is, among other things, enacted, that the Grand Jury of each County at large shall and may at each Assizes present any Sum not exceeding Four Pounds for every Constable, in every Barony or Half Barony in which a Constable shall be appointed by the Grand Juries, in certain Counties in Ireland under the said recited Act: And Whereas by art* Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing superintending Magistrates, and additional Constables in Counties in certain Cafesy as amended by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, Constables may nave been appointed or continued by Grand Juries in certain other Counties in Ireland; and it is expedient to provide for the better Payment of Constables so heretofore appointed or continued, or who may hereafter be appointed or continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Grand Jury of every County at large in Ireland, shall and may at each and every Assizes present any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every Constable who shall have been appointed or continued at any time before the passing of this Act, or who at any time after the passing of this Act shall be appointed by the Grand Ju^ of* fuefc County at large, in every Barony or Half Barony, undwI^Authority of the said recited Acts, or either of them, not^e as may by Law be appointed in any Oh^ and all Sums so to be presented shall such Barony, or Half Barony, in ments of thsCWnty at large are Barones respectively; and such - for such Coi "

[iidh Number Barony; out of every ib the Present-miea or $alf rented and raised

84*

U A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 158.

r stables under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

3 fc|II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Grand Juries t

s and for the Grand Jury, at any Assizes or Presenting Term in Ireland, to present such Sum as shall be necessary from time to time for Constables. t providing such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition as such Grand.Jury shall deem necessary or fit for any and every such Constable to have, in and for the Execution of his Duty'; and the said Sums shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County to such Person or Persons as such Grand Jury shall think proper to employ and contract with for providing such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition as soon as it shall appear to such Treasurer by Receipt of the Constable, verified by the Affidavit of such Contractor, that all such Arms,

Accoutrements and Ammunition have been duly furnished according to the Contract for that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Money for for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Arms paid out Ireland for the time being, to order and direct the Lord High Consolid-ted Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Fund-Office of Lord High Treasurer, to issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of Ireland, any such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall from time to time think necessary for the providing and paying for any such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition, or any Part thereof, at such times and in such manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall order and direct; and that whenever it shall be notified to any such Grand Jury, that such Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition have been provided and paid for under such Orders of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, then and in such case, such Grand Jury shall not enter into any Contract for the Supply of any such Arms, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or of such Part thereof as shall be mentioned in such Notification; and thereupon such Sum or Sums as shall be presented for the same, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be paid over by the Treasurer of the County to the Collector of Excise of the District, to be by him applied in like manner as other Public Money in his Hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant'to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go- may superanuu-vernors of Ireland, in his or their Discretion, on the Petition of any ate Conibbles, such Constable, supported by the Recommendation of the Grand j^to resent Jury of the County within which such Constable shall be appointed, y* Allow-and by such Certificates as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief ances.

Governor or Governors shall require or direct, of the Continuance

of the Service of such Constable, and of his having executed the Duty of his Office with Diligence and Fidelity, to order that such Constable shall and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such yearly Allowance, Remuneration or Superannuation, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and proper, upon the Conditions, and not exceeding the Proportions in this Act mentioned; and thereupon such Constable shall cease to hold such Office, and the yearly Sum to which he shall so become entitled, shall be presented by the Grand Jury in Two equal Sums, one at each Assize, during his Life, on its being proved to the Satisfaction of such Grand Jury that such Person is livi

C. 158.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Condition and Proportions of Allowances to Confhhles fu-perannuated.

Grand Juries to present Iix-!>enc<'S of removing transported Felons.

Rate allowed to Persons (not exceeding Six in Number) guarding Prisoners for Treasonor Felony to Prison.

V. Provided always, and be.it erladled, That the Condition m Proportion of such Allowance, Remuneration or Superannuate: shall be as follows: Where any Constable shall be under Sixty Year! of Age, it shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance, Compensation, Remuneration or Superannuation, unlejfe upon Certificate from the Grand Jury of the County that such Constable is incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body to discharge the Duties of his Office; in which case if he shall have served with Diligence and Fidelity for Ten Years, it shall and may be lawful to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding One third of the Salary of his Office; if above Ten Years and less than Twenty, any such Sum not exceeding One half of such Salary; if above Twenty Years, any such Sum not exceeding Two thirds of such Salary; if such Constable shall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he shall have served Fifteen Years or upwards, it shall and may be lawful, although there shall be no such Certificate of Incapacity, from Infirmity of Body or Mind, to grant to him by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding Two thirds of the Salary of h Office 5 if Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Forty Years or upwards, any Sum not exceeding Three fourths of such Salary; if Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Fifty Years or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding the whole of such Salary.

VI. And Whereas on the Removal of Persons under Sentence

of Transportation, or pardoned on Condition of Transportation,

from the Gaol of the County to the Place of Embarkation, the

usual Course in Ireland hath been, that the Expence of every such 1 Removal hath been borne by the County in which the Person so

removed was convicted j and it is doubtful whether the same be

sufficiently provided for by Law; Be it therefore enacted, That -whenever any Person under Sentence of Transportation, or pardoned on Condition of Transportation, shall be so removed, then and in every such case the Amount of all and every the Costs, Charges and Expences of such Removal, being duly vouched by the Affidavit of the Sheriff or Sheriffs or Sub Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the Person so removed shall have been convicted, or by any other Officer having the Charge of such Removal, shall be presented by the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, at the next or any subsequent Assizes or Presenting Term, to be raised on such County, County of a City or County of a Town; which Sum so presented shall be so raised accordingly, and paid by the Treasurer thereof $0 fufihjSheriff or Sheriffs, or Sub Sheriffs or other Officer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That shall, by virtue of a Mittimus under the Hand and SiJpf joy Justice of the Peace carry and convey and safely lodge in tfo County Gaol, any Person or Persons charged with any Treason or Ijfipny, and committed to such Constable by such Justice, the Sum of Three pence per Mile for each Mile such Prisoner or Prisoners (hji]l be oarried or conveyed, shall bepaid to each of such Number of Persons Jisi^ch Justices shall thinkrnecefTa*iy for guarding such Prisoner or  to ho shall go along with ftjrfi T

Prisoner or Prisoners:

8

H A.D. 18tj. 55 GEO. III. C.ij8, ijp.

i Ae next or any subsequent Assizes, to be raised on such County;

ac which Sum so presented shall be raised accordingly, and shall be paid

ri by the Treasurer of the County: Provided always, that no such

ifc Sum or Sums shall be paid by any such Treasurer, unless such

a Persons so employed in guarding such Prisoners tp any such Gaols

5 aforesaid, shall produce a Copy of the Mittimus under which such

i Prisoner or Prisoners were committed, and a Receipt from the

e Gaoler of such County Gaol, acknowledging that such Prisoner or

s Prisoners were safely lodged in Gaol, and provided that the Number of Persons so employed shall not exceed Six on any Occasion.

CAP. CLIX.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches $ for authorizing the licensing of an additional Number of Hackney Chariots i and for licensing Carriages drawn by One Horse.

[11 th July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Lieenfed Hackney Coaches

for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Forty eighth Tear

of His present Majesty relating to Hackney Coaches; and for authorizing the licensing of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots: And Whereas the Provisions in the said Act contained, for providing and delivering Tickets, have been found inexpedient Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the providing of Tickets, as in the said Act mentioned, or delivering any such Tickets to Persons paying Fares, or as prohibits Complaints unless Tickets are produced, or accounting for any such Tickets, and all Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act contained, in relation to such Tickets, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas the Hackney Chariots which have been lieenfed under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament hpve been found very useful and convenient, and it is expedient to allow of an additional Number of such Chariots; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to license any additional Number of Hackney Chariots not exceeding Two Hundred, over and above the said Number of Two Hundred in the said recited Act mentioned, and in Addition to the Number of Hackney Coaches allowed to be lieenfed, as and when in their Discretion they shall see fit.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Driver of any Hackney Chariot shall be compellable or compelled to carry more than Three (a) Persons (not being Children in Arms or Lap) in his Chariot, and a Servant on the Outside at the same time, but every Owner or Driver of any Hackney Chariot who shall actually carry (a) 54 G3. 147. 17.]

any

54 G. 3. c. 147.

 1  13*

repealed.

Commissioners may license 200 additional Hackney Chariots above Number under 54 G..?. c. 147. 15.

Regulation as to Number of Persons carried in Charriots.

*44

C.59-

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Carriages with Two Wheels drawn by One Horse licensed.

Duty on Licences.

Fares.

To carry Two Persons.

Orders, kc. in former Hackney Coach Acts to extend to such Carriages.

48 G. 3. c. 87.

4.

repealed.

Additional

Fares.

any greater Number shall be entitled to demand and to receive so every such additional Person (not being a Child in Arms or Lap) the Sum of One Shilling, over and above his regular Fare; and i he shall carry any such additional Person into the Country, and brinj the same or any other additional Person back again, shall be entitled to demand and receive, over and above his regular Fare, the Sum 0; One Shilling for going into the Country, and the Sum of One ShiL ling for returning; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, by and with the Approbation and Direction in Writing of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered under their Hands and Seals to license such Number of Carriages with Two Wheels and drawn by One Horse, as shall be specified in any such Approbation and Direction as aforesaid; and the Owners and Drivers of such Two Wheeled Carriages shall be chargeable and charged with the like Sum for Licences as are now payable for Licences for Hackney Coaches, and shall be entitled to demand, take and receive Two thirds of the Amount of the Fares, Rate* and Benefits established by Law for Hackney Coaches and Chariots; and no Owner or Driver of any such Two Wheeled Carriage shall be compellable to carry more than Two Persons; and all Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye-Laws, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches or Chariots in the Cities of London and Westminster shall extend and apply to and be put in force in relation to all such licensed Carriages, and the Owners and Drivers thereof, and to all Persons using the same, in like manner in every respect, and as fully and effectually, as if the same were in this Act severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated in relation to such Carriages, and as if the said Carriages had been included in the said Acts.,

V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to Hackney Coaches,

Hackney Coachmen are authorized to demand certain Fares over

and above the ordinary and established Fares, where Hackney

Coaches are hired and driven into the Country after certain Hoyrs, as in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient that such additional Fares should be repealed, and other Fares substituted in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such additional Fares shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from henceforth the several additional Fares after mentioned shall be payable and paid; that is to say, in case any Hackney Coach or Chariot-ftaft bet.hired in any Part of the Cities of London and Westminster* orih Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, or any Place aetjogftfag thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of CarriMffljfi^snent, or at any Standing for Hackney Coaches or such ^regular

Continuation of Carriageway Paver Hour of Sevemin the Evening, betvj Daf imd LoddkjLayiand after between tbrffefc# of Lady,

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 159. 845

Place wh6re there is not a regular Continuation of Carriageway-Pavement as aforesaid, there shall or may be demanded over and above the ordinary and established Fare, the full Rate or Fare allowed by the said recited Act, to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, or to any Standing for Hackney Coaches or Chariots beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, where such Coach or Chariot shall have been hired, at the Option of the Person discharging such Coach or Chariot; and in case any Hackney Coach or Chariot shall be hired and driven into the Country, and then discharged in the Day-time, and not after the Hours hereinbefore respectively mentioned, there shall or may be demanded, for the Return thereof to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, or to any Standing for Hackney Coaches or Chariots beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement where such Coach or Chariot shall have been hired, at the Option of the Person discharging such Coach or Chariot, for each and every Mile above the Number of Four Miles, the additional Rate or Fare of Six pence: Provided nevertheless, no such Allowance for Return Provif#. shall be made for any lesser Distance than Four Miles, calculated as aforesaid.

VI. And Whereas by the Laws () now in force, Authority is

given to Justices of the Peace to award Satisfaction, in case of Per- ions refusing or omitting to pay to Coachmen or Chairmen the Money due for the Hire of their Coaches, or wilfully injuring such

Coaches or Chairs, and to issue their Warrants for bringing such Persons before them, but no Authority is given to enforce the Payment of such Satisfaction so awarded, and it is expedient that such

4 Authority should be given Be it therefore enacted, That if any Persons refusing Person shall refuse or omit to pay the Driver of any Hackney Coach to pay Driver his or Chariot, or any Chairman, the Money justly aue to him for the ^ar*'or Damages, Hire of the Coach or Chariot or Chair hired, or shall wilfully deface g^n^Summons or in any manner injure the same, it shall and may.be lawful for any or Warrant. Justice of the Peace upon Complaint thereof to grant a Summons, or if it shall appear to him necessary a Warrant, for bringing before him the offending Party or Parties, and upon Proof made upon Oath to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party so complaining for his Damage and Costs, and also a reasonable Compensation for the Loss of time on his Attendance in establishing such Complaint, and upon Refusal to pay or make such Satisfaction, to commit such Person or Persons to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Imprisonment, Month, or until the Amount of such Satisfaction shall be paid and discharged. (b) [9 Ann, c. 23. 22.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioner for the Commissioners for regulating Hackney Coaches, or the major of

Part of them, to dire and regulate the Number or Numbers and coTcheTand Mode or Modes of Distinction, as well interior as exterior, to be chariots, adopted and used by each Coach and Chariot, and from time to time to make such Orders and Regulations in respect to such numbering or marking, as to them shall seem expedient; and every Owner of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, who shall neglect or refuse to comply therewith, shall be subject to the Revocation of his Licence, or shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Penalty. Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them 5 r - and

C. 159.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Commissioners to hear and determine Com plaints between Owners and Drivers of Hackney Coaches.

[Penalty.]

Drivers of

carry same to Hackney Coach Office within certain lime, or lubjrcf to Penalty.

and in case of Nonpayment, the same may be levied by Distress on his, her or their Goods and Chattels.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon any Complaint of the Owner of any Hackney Coach or Chariot licenicd by the said Commissioners against his or her Driver, or of a Driver against his Matter, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered to enquire into the same, and to determine therein, and to award such Compilation to be made as to them respectively shall seem proper; and to punish any such Owner or Driver, by inflicting any Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in case of Nonpayment the same may be levied by Distress on his, her or their Goods or Chattels.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Driver in whole Coach Hackney or Chariot any Property whatever shall be left, by any Person or PropeitV'lcMo Persons hiring the same, and who shall not carry such Property

within Four Days after the same shall have been so left, in the State in which it was found, to the Hackney Coach Office, and deposit the same with one of the Clerks of the said Office, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them; and the Clerk with whom such Property is deposited is hereby required to give a Receipt for the same, and to make an Entry in a Book to be kept at the said Office, of the Description thereof, the Name and Address of the Driver bringing the same, and the Day on which it is brought; and the Property so entered shall be returned to the Person or Persons respectively, who shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the Came belonged to him, her or them, such Person or Persons previously paying all Expences incurred, together with such reasonable Sum to the Driver who brought the same, as with reference to the Value of the Property in Question the said Commissioners shall award; provided nevertheless, that if such Property shall not be proved to belong to some Person or Persons within One Year, the same having beeu advertised in such manner as the said Commissioners mav direct, such Property shall be sold 5 and after deducing from the Produce of the Sale all the Expences incurred, the Balance shall be paid to the Driver who deposited the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Agreement or Engagement

whatever, at any time or on any Occasion made with the Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, for the Payment of more than his established Fare, shall be binding on the Person or Persons making the same, but any such Person or Persons may, notwithstanding any such Agreement or Engagement, refuse, on mfchiu'ging such Coach or Chariot, the Payment of any Sum beyond tfae dbmfilhedTare; and in case such Person or Persons shall tjbe Driver

of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, whether i Agreement or Engagement, or not, any f Fare, which shall have been demanded j the Person or Persons paying the i against such Driver, to recover the (

(rail be subject and liable to a Feitft be levied in eafrr bf Nonpayment 1 C^ela^Et^foder. -

Provify.

Agreement to pay more tli.m established Fare not bindinc.

^of any such his established such Driver, faint

[Penalty.]

847

Ms A.D. 181j.

55 GEO. III. C. 159.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Driver of any Hackney Hackney Coach or Chariot shall leave his Coach or Chariot at any Coachmen Theatre or other Place of Public Resort or Entertainment unat- leaving Coach tended, whether he shall be hired or not, it shall and may be lawful u, iallended* for any Inspector of Hackney Coaches, Officer of Police, Constable or other Peace Officer, Watchman or Patrole, to drive away such Coach or Chariot, and deposit the same at the nearest Place of Deposit; and the Driver of such Hackney Coach shall be subject and liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied iu case of Penalty. Nonpayment, by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender.

XII. And Whereas by the Laws (a) now in force, the Drivers

of Hackney Coaches are allowed after they have been out with their 1 Coaches Twelve Hours, to refuse to go with Persons desirous of

hiring their Coaches: And Whereas, this Permission is frequently

made the Plea for Extortion, and is otherwise inexpedient Be it

therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no jjriven not t# Driver who shall ply for Hire shall refuse, on the Pretext of having refuse Fare al-been out Twelve Hours (although he may have been out that time), though they may to go with any Person or Persons desirous of hiring his Coach or have been out Chariot, in any Directiort, or to any Distance preformed by Law, at Twelve Hurs* the established Fares. (a) [^48 G. 3. c. 87. 8.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioners for the said Commissioners for the time being, or the major Part of or Justices may them, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, when it may appear summon, on

to them necessary, upon any Complaint being lodged before them ComiiUijir, against any Owner or Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chariot, ^"f^Water-or against any Waterman or Assistant to Hackney Coachmen, or men, before against any Chairman, to issue their Summons for the Appearance them, before them, or their Warrant for the Apprehension of such Owner,

Driver, Waterman or Chairman, to be examined touching the said Complaint, or to answer the same as the case may be.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Driver of any Hack- Drivers of ney Coach or Chariot, or any Chairman or Waterman, who shall Hackney make use of any abusive or insulting Language, or other rude Be- Coaches^Chair-haviour, or who shall obstruct any Inspector of Hackney Coaches, uGn abu-Officer of Police, Constable, or other Peace Officer, Watchman or five Language" Patrole, in the Execution of his Duty, and who shall on Complaint or obtruding* being made before any Justice of the Peace, or the Commissioners Police Officers, of the Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, be convicted of &c*

the same, shall be subject and liable to a Penalty, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, or Commissioners as aforesaid, not in any case exceeding Ten Pounds; and in Default of the Payment Penalty, of such Penalty so to be awarded, to be committed to Prison for a imprisonment. Period not in any case exceeding Two Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Pecuniary Penalties and Application of Forfeitures to be recovered under this Act, or under any former laities.

Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to Hackney Coaches,

shall be applied. One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successore, and the other Moiety to the Informer; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Pains, Penalties, Fines Penalties, &c. of

and Forfeitures, of whatsoever nature the same may be, for any iu

Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or force>

Acts

C. 159, 160. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Ah of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and the several Clausei, Powers, Provisions and Regulations contained in auy such Act or Acts (unless where expressly altered by this Act) shall be, and the same are hereby declared to continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made.

Order in Council, a 1 June 1815.

CAP. CLX.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy during the present War.

[11th July 1815.]

WHEREAS His Majesty by His Order in Council dated the Twenty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, was pleased to order that General Reprisals be granted against the Ships, Goods and Subjects of France, subject to such Exceptions as His Majesty may at any time or times hereafter be pleased to declare, so that as well His Majesty's Fleet and Ships,

as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissionated 1 by Letters of Marque, or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by

His Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord 1 High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and lawfully may seize all ' Ships, Vessels and Goods belonging to France, or to any Persons

being Subjects of France, or inhabiting within any of the Territories of France, saving such Exceptions as His Majesty may at any

time or times hereafter be pleased to declare, and bring the same to Judgment: And Whereas His Majesty hath, of His Royal Munificence, been graciously pleased, by His Proclamation dated on the said Twenty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and

fifteen, to declare His Intention to give the Benefit of all Prizes

taken during the present War to the Captors thereof, being in His Majesty's Service, or duly commissioned, save as therein excepted Now, for the 'Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of His Majesty's Ships of War, and of Hired Armed Vessels in the Service of His Majesty, and of the Owners, and Officers and Seamen, of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Marque; and for inducing all British Seamen, who may be in any Foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, artd become serviceable to His Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and ex-

Ships, fee. taken by His Majesty's Ships, and adjudged Prize, divided according to His Majesty's Proclamation.

lent 01 the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Uommons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of thefiune, That the Flag Officers, Commanders and other OffictivSeattea, Marine* and Soldiers, on board any Ship or Vessel of fasrin His Majesty's Pay, shall have the whole Right and Interest to and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandize, described in the said Order in Council by which His Majesty has ordered General Reprisals to be granted against the Ships, Goods and Subjects of France, which they have taken subsequent to the Date of the said Order, dr* "*after take during the Continuance of Hostilities against the same JjhaH have been adjudged lawful Prize to His Cdtntrpf Admiralty or Vice Admj - " 1 to

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 160. 849

Tided in such Proportions, and after such manner, as His Majesty, by His Proclamation, hath already ordered and directed, or as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct

 by any Proclamations hereafter to be issued; and the Commanders,

Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on board His Majesty's hired armed Ships, shall have such Right and Interest to and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandize, which they have taken or shall take as aforesaid, after Adjudication as aforesaid, as His Majesty, by His Proclamation, hath been pleased to direct, or as i His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may order and direct by any

Proclamation hereafter to be issued: Provided nevertheless, that in all Shares referred

Prizes taken by any of His Majesty's Squadrons, Ships or Vessels,

while acting in Conjunction with any Squadron, Ship or Vessel, of m onJUR, on*

+any other Power in Alliance with His Majesty, a Share of such Prizes shall be set apart, and be it His Majesty's Disposal, equal to that Share which the Flag and other Officers and Crews of such Squadrons, Ships or Vessels, would have been entitled to if they had belonged to His Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Flag Officers, Com- Arms, &c. taken manders and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on board by His Majesty's every Ship and Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, being armed,

officered and employed in His Majesty's Service, who shall take any- LanTandShips Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, &c. in* any Goods, Merchandize and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any Creek, &c. de-Public trading Company of any of His Majesty's Enemies upon fended thereby, the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Goods or Merchandize laden other

on board the same, in any Creek, River, Haven or Road, belong- n, e* in? to and defended by such Fortress upon the Land, shall have the foie Right and Interest to and in all and every such Ship or Vessel,

Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treasure, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize to His Majesty, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, duly authorized as aforesaid (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other cases of Prize), tb be distributed in such Manner and Proportion as in other cases of Prize.

III. And be it further enacted, That in Conjun& Expeditions Division of Pma of the Navy and Army against any Fortress or Possession of Hisak^F, n Cn."

wi iuv iiav v ttiiu l JkiftilY agauuk exuy vjuv.io vi a uuwuiwii ui 1x10 ,

Majesty's Enemies upon the Land, the Flag and General Officers, tnd^

anrl inmmnnnpra anrl Or>tra R*nrwn Mannno ansf rliara

and Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, Navy, acting on such Conjun& Expeditions, shall have such proportional Right and Interest as His Majesty shall think fit to order and dire, in all the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any Public trading Company of such Enemies, which shall be found in such Fortress or Possession, and also in all and every Ship or Vessel, with their Arms, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, and all the Goods, Merchandize and other Effects on board the same, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River or Creek belonging to such Fortress or Possession, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize to His Majesty in any of the Courts aforesaid (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon to lawful Adjudication); and the Share assigned to the Fleet by such Directions shall be distributed in the same Manner apd Proportions as in other cases of Prize; and the rt'*J to the Army shall be distributed amongst the

Provtfo.

Personi running away not entitled to Prize; Share?, and Shares not claimed in Six Years, to go to Greenwich Hospital.

C. 160.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

On reasonable Caut'e shewn, unclaimed Shares not fur-nsfo*

Vessels, Sec. of His Majesty* Subjects retaken from Enemy restored

Officers and Soldiers, in such manner as His Majesty shall under His Sign Manual be pleased to direct: Provided nevertheless, that the Right and Inter eft hereby given to the Army employed on such Conjunct Expeditions shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle the said Army to Share in the Distribution of any Ships or Vessels, Goods, Merchandize or Effects captured in the Voyage to or from such Fortress or Possession.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons belonging to any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in His Majesty's Service, who shall run away, cr withdraw himself or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of His Majesty's Enemies, or shall other wise desert or withdraw himself or themselves from His Majesty's Service, before or after Notification as by Law diro&ed shall be given, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, or who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as having run therefrom, shall have, or be entitled to have or claim, any Interest in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money herein after mentioned, or any Part thereof, that shall then remain unpaid; but such Shares and also the Shares of all Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, as well on board bird armed Ships as on board His Majesty's Ships of War, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the same have Been paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, by virtue of any Law then in force, shall be forfeited to, and to the Use of the said

Sal Hospital, unless with respect to such Officers and Seamen as be marked " Run, " such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, car by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's bfavy j provided nevertheless, with respect to the Shares of such Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers hereinbefore mentioned, which shall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, that if reasonable Cause shall be /hewn and allowed by the Directors of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, or Five or xpore of them, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due time, the said Spares shall not be forfeited.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, jtyr. Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods therein, shall appear and be

r ved in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, have belonged to any of His Majesty's ^biflas '(which Ships, Vessels, Boats or Goods were before taxen or iytPpm^'by any of His Majesty's Enemies, and at any time afterWifclM^akr surprized ai)d retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships of W^tV^any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel or Boat, under HOTifi^f^Protection and Obedience), such Ships, Vessels, as aforesaid,

formerly belonging to His Majesty's all cases (fate

in> such as are. hereafter except ed}j to 'be restored^nd

shall be, by the Dccree b the said ace "fi-rritiii Pin If fiimrfj ii 0 in .... r

C. 1601

Ilf

851

!fart of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods respectively so to be restored, which said Salvage of One eighth shall be answered and paid to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, in His Majesty's said Ship or Ships of War, to be divided in such manner as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers,

Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, where Prizes \

are taken by any of His Majesty's Ships of War; and, if retaken

+by any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel or Boat, One sixth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods, all which Payments to be made to the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen, of such Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be without any Deductions, and shall be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them respecting the Distribution of Prizes; and in case such Ship, Vessel, Boat or Goods, shall have been retaken by the joint Operation or Means of One or more of His Majesty's Ships, and One or more Private Ship or Ships, then the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or other Court having Cognizance thereof, shall order and adjudge such Salvage to be paid to the Recaptors by the Owner or Owners of such retaken Ship, Vessel, Boat or Goods, as he shall, under the circumstances of the case, deem fit and reasonable, which Salvage so to be adjusted, shall be accordingly paid by the Owners of such retaken Ship, Vessel or Goods, to the Agents of the Recaptors, in such Proportions as the said Court shall adjudge; but if any Ship or Vessel taken and retaken In what case

as aforesaid, shall appear to have been, after the taking by His>hip deemed

Majesty's Enemies, by them set forth as a Ship or Vessel of War, Pr, ze<

the said Ship or Vessel shall not be restored to the former Owners

or Proprietors, but shall, in all cases, whether retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships or by any Privateer, be adjudged lawful Prize for the

Benefit of the Captors.

VI. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen,

Marines, Soldiers and others, on board His Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to the Enemy, be it enacted, That there shall be paid Bounty of 5I. by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made for every Man forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to b!jard J"5*

the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, g^gemem of any Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, who shall have been actually ships of War of on board any of His Majesty's Ships' of War, or hired armed Vessels, Enemy taken or or of any Privateer, at the actual taking, sinking, burning or other- destroyed. wife destroying, any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer belonging to the Enemy, during the present War, Five Pounds for every Man who was living on board any Ship or Vessel so taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the Attack or Engagement between them, the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oath of Three or more of the Chief Officers or Men who were Oath, belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed; or, in case so many as Three shall not survive the Engagement, upon the Oath of such of them as shall survive, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the Port within any of His Majesty's Dominions, whereunto such Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as were 3 I 2 taken,

C.i5o.

852

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, or before the British Consul or Vice Consul residing at any Neutral Port to which such Prize, or Officers or Men, shall be brought, which Oaths the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul or Vice Consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer; and the said Mayor or other Person shall, without Fee or Reward, forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, and also of the Deponents or Deponent having likewise made Oath that, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, no other Person belonging to the Enemy's Ships or Ship survived the Engagement, which Certificate shall be directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; and, upon the Production thereof to them, together with an authentic Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation of such Ship so taken; or where such Certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Number of Men on board such Ships of the Enemy shall appear to have been proved; or if such Ships be sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, or Chnful or Vice Consul as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within Fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to and to be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on board His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, in Manner, Form and Proportion, as by His Majesty's Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes already issued or to be issued, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers and Seamen, of any Private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing the y shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed: Provided nevertheless, that in all cases where such Oath and Certificate cannot be administered and granted at the First Port whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such Oath or Oaths relating to any Prize or Prizes that shall be taken, or to any Ships of His Majesty's Enemies that shall be sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of His

C. i 6q.

853

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

vided always, that where such Oath of the Numfcer of Men on board any 9hipor Ships fb taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, cannot be had by reason of the total Destruction of the Officers and Crew of such Ship or Ships> then, and in every such case, the Number of Men on board such Ship or Ships, at the beginning of the Attack or Engagement, shall be ascertained by such Evidence, as, under the circumstances of the case, shall by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court of Admiralty duly authorized, be deemed sufficient Proof thereof: Provided likewise, that in any cases in which Doubts shall arise, whether the Party or Parties claiming Head Money are entitled thereto, the same shall be summarily determined by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court of Admiralty, in which the Prize shall have been adjudged, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners or Appeal in Prize Causes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanding Officers, Seamen, Marines and others of His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, for taking, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of His Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and appointed, as the Law directs, Agents for Ap-praisements and Sales of such Prizes in respect of which such Bounty shall be payable, the same Bounty to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so authorized and appointed amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form and Proportion as aforesaid; and the several Shares of such Captors as shall run from His Majesty's Service and of such as shall not be legally demanded within the times prescribed for the Demand of Prize Money, shall be applied to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, subject to the same Provisoes and Exceptions as in the case of Prize Monies; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted* to Privateers for taking, burning, sinking or otherwise destroying, any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of His Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Regulations herein-contained respecting Prizes shall apply to all cases of Bounty Money granted by this Act, and to all cases of Salvage upon Recaptures from His Majesty's Enemies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ransom, or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the same which shall be captured by the Subjects of any State at War with His Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against His Majesty's Subjects, unless in the case of Necessity, to be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty.

31 3- - X. And

[Proviso.]

Provilb.

Appeal.

Bills for Bounty payable to Agents.

Division and Forfeitures of Bounty as of Prize Money.

Regulations of Prize to apply to Bounty, &c.

No Ship or Goods belonging to His Majesty's Subjects raofomed.

Contracts for Ransom void.

Ransoming contrary to Act.

[Penalty.]

Ransoming or colUifively restoring Ships or Goods token at Prize.

C. 160.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Penalties.

Ships of His Majesty's Subjects, retaken before carried into Port, may prosecute Voyage.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements which shall be entered into, and all Bills, Notes and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for ransom of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on board the same, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely null and void in Law, and of no Effect whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to this Act, ransom, or enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the same, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Iofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or of any hired armed Ship in His Majesty's Service, or of any Private Ship or Vessel of War, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons of or belonging to any Neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo cr Cargoes thereof, or any Part thereof, for the Ransom of any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or any Part thereof, after the same mall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement, or otherwise by Collusion, actually quit, set at liberty, restore or discharge any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or any Part thereof, instead of bringing the same into some Port belonging to His Majesty's Dominions, or after the same shall have been brought into Port, shall by Collusion restore the same, that then every such Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War, or hired armed Ship, or Private Ship or Vessel of War, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall so as aforesaid quit, set at liberty, restore or discharge, any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or any Part thereof, unless in case of Necessity, to be allowed by die High Court of Admiralty, shall forfeit and suffer such Penalty or Fine as the said Court shall adjudge; and the Commander of such Private Ship of War shall likewise forfeit his Letter of Marque.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel or Boat, belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, which shall have been taken by the Enemy, shall be retaken before she has been carried into an Enemy's Port, it shall be lawful for her, if the Recaptors consent thereto, to prosecute her Voyage, and it shall not be necessary for the Rccaptors to proceed to Adjudication till after Six Months, or till the Return of the Ship to the Port from which she failed; and it shall be lawful for the Master, the Owners, or their Agent, with the Consent of the Recaptors, to unlade and dispose of their Cargoes before Adjudication; and in case the Vessel shall not return directly to the Port from whence /be Ailed, Or the Recaptors shall have had no opportunity of prtjceeding ttgnhrly to the Adjudication within Six Months, on accOUT^rof the Absence of

Collusive

Capture*.

the said Vessel, the Court of Admiralty Recaptors, decree the Restitution to vage, upon such Evidence as to the cumstances of the case, appear reafoi XIV, Audfceit further enacted,

other Person Jawing the Cl

Ipftance of the paying Sal-lder the dr-

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 160.

855

chandize so taken, shall upon Proof thereof, and that the said Ship,

Vessels, Goods or Merchandize are lawful Prize, to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to His Majesty; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same: and the Bond given by the Captain or Commander of such Privateer shall be, and is hereby declared to be, forfeited to His Majesty; and in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be taken by any Commander, Captain or other Officer having the Command of any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to His Majesty, or of any hired armed Vessel in His Majesty's Service, by Collusion or Connivance, the said Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandize so taken, shall, on Proof thereof, and that the same are lawful Prize, to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to His Majesty, and shall remain at the Disposal of His Majesty; and the said Commander, Captain or other Penalty.

Officer aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Captain, or other Commandersde-Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or ferting Convoys, hired armed Vessels in His Majesty's Service, having Transports or failm? of or Merchant Ships or Vessels under Convoy, shall wilfully desert or

fail away from them, in pursuit of and with the view of capturing Dispatches/in

any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy (other than Ships or Vessels armed pursuit of Prize

and fitted for War, and which shall be seen hovering about or bearing to forfeit Shares.

down upon such Convoy), or, having captured a Prize, shall wilfully

desert the Convoy for the Purpose of carrying his Prize into Port; or if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, having His Majesty's Dispatches on board, shall fail out of his proper Course in

pursuit of and with the view of making Prize of any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Sentence of a

Court Martial, such Commander shall forfeit the Share of all and every such Prize to His Majesty, for the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Private Ships contained shall entitle any Private Ship or Vessel having a Com- having Commis-mission for War, and1 which shall receive General Orders and In- Jor Y* structions from, and put herself under the Convoy of any of His Convey "not to Majesty's Ships or Vessels, to {hare in any Prize or Prizes taken & prizes, by such Ships or Vessels of His Majesty, or by such Private Ship

or Vessel, having a Commission for War, or Letter of Marque, whilst the said Commissioned Ship or Vessel shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy, unless such Private Ship or Vessel shall have received Orders from the Commander of the Convoying Ship to -chase, or otherwise aft hostilely.against the Enemy, and shall have been -actually aiding and assisting in such Captures.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral Admiralty mar of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of jj1* Letexa<^ Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any arque*

Three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, at the Request of any Owner or

3 I 4 Owners, -

C. 160.

Division of Prize taken by Private Commissioned Ships.

Exception as to Vessels in Service of Customs or Excite.

Applications for'Letters of Marque in Writing, and to j contain Particulars enumerated.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1gij

Owners, whom they shall deem fitly qualified, of any Ship or Vesse duly registered according to Law (such Owner or Owners giving such Bail or Security as herein after is mentioned or expressed) cause to be issued in the usual manner One or more ComniifEoi or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque and Reprisal, t< any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominatt to be Commander, or in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ships or Vessels, for the attacking, surprizing, seizing anc taking by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, an)

Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arras, Am. munition, jStores of War, Goods or Merchandize, belonging to or possessed by any of His Majesty's Enemies in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vesseh, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize whatsoever,

" with all their Furniture, Tackle and Apparel, so to be taken by or with such Private Owner or Owners* Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission and Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, after final Adjudication as lawful Prize in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto, shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons who shall be entitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor or other Person commissioned by or claiming under His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whosoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize, and the Persons claiming under such Agreements shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons to any Interest in such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandize, as may be captured by any Private Ships or Vessels of War belonging to or hired by, or in the Service of His Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise, but that the same Ships or Vessels, Goods and Merchandize, To captured, shall belong to His Majesty, and be applied and diTposed of in such manner as His Majesty, under His Sign Manual, shall order and di- 1 rest, after legal Adjudication thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to obtain any Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein set forth a particular, true and exact Description of the

ft Ship or Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque is

i requested, specifying the Name and Burthen of such Ship or Vessel,

a what Sort of Built (he is, and the Number and Nature of the Guns

g on board the same, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Names

of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on board the same (all which Particulars shall be inserted in every Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted in pursuance of this Act), and that every Commander of a Private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission or Letter, of Marque shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Customer or

Searcher for the time being, of PI is Majesty's Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer -or Searcher; and the said Collector, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspect and examine such Ship or Vessel, so as to ascertain the Built and Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the same; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of such Built and Burthen, and be manned and armed according to the Tenor and Description inserted in such Commission or Letter of Marque* as aforesaid, or be of greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission or Letter of Marque, then, and not otherwise, such Collector, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander, which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance, before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail from that Port; and if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission or Letter of Marque shall have been granted in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Cruize with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission or Letter of Marque, every such Commission or Letter of Marque, shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the Commander so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and shall also be imprisoned for such Space of time as the Court in which the same shall be filed for as herein after directed, shall order, not exceeding One Year for any One Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque, in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as hath been usual in such cases, and that previous thereto the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security, shall several lv make Oath before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of any other Court of Admiralty, which shall be authorized as aforesaid* in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or his or their Surrogate, or other Person or Persons lawfully commissioned by them, that they the said Persons who shall become Sureties are, at 'the time of their being sworn, respectively worth more than the Sum for which they are

Inspectioit made of Ship;

and Certificate granted.

Departing without Certificate, or with inferior Force, &c.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Security taken before granting Lettei'a of Marque.

Marshal to make enquiry of liiffi-ciency of Bail.

C.itfo.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 181J,

Officers of Customs granting falle Certificates.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Vessels for which Letters of Marque granted, deemed licensed according to 24 G. 3. Seffi 2. c. 47.

Letters of Marque forfeited for Offences against Revenue Laws

to be bound, over and above all their just Debts; and moreover, and the Marshal for the time being of the said High Court of Admiralty, or of any of the said other Courts, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, shall make diligent Enquiry, and certify himself or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make thereupon a Report to such Judge or his Surrogate, before any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of His Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy, or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen or Force specified in the Commission or Letter of Marque granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater Burthen or Force than really belongs to her, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office under Government whatsoever, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Ooe hundred Pounds: Provided always, that the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel so to be certified, shall be ascertained by the Certificate of Registry granted for such Ship or Vessel, according to Law, or an authenticated Copy thereof, in case the Ship shall be at Sea, which Certificate or authenticated Copy shall be produced to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britainr before the issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vessel: Provided nevertheless, that'it shall not be necessary in the case of Ships belonging to, or hired by, or in the Service of, His Majesty's Commissioners of Custom or Excise, to produce such Certificates or authenticated Copies, in order to the obtaining a Commission or Letter of Marque.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Ship and Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted as aforesaid, and for and during the time that such Commission or Letter of Marque shall remain in force under the Authority of this Act, and no longer, shall be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Vessel licenced pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, although the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall not have been furnished with the Licence required by the said recited Act.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners, Commander and Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, for which such Commission or Letter of Mjtrgno Awbe issued as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Offence contrary oaoy Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter toy he IWctei for the Pro?

Admiralty may revoke Letters of Marque,

tedion of His Majesty's Revenues the Prevention of Smuggling in thisr.J Owners, Commander, Master Commission or Letter of Mftnque-i over and besidea ether -

; dfe, or for inch Owner or stall forfeit the

ship

C. i6o.

859

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

R executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any time or times^hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in  Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, any Commission or j, Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, which hath or have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath,

have been or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either in pursuance of His Majesty's Orders in (*Council, or of this or any Act of Parliament: Provided neverthelef6, Notice fiven of

[Proviso.]

that the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being shall, with Revocation, all convenient Speed, after every and any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order or Revocation, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some or One of them; and iu case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said Commission or Letter of Marque, at the Expiration of Twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if Notice shall be actually given in Writing by the Secretary of the Admiralty to the Captain or Commander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of Thirty Days; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, or in the Mediterranean, at the Expiration of Six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America or the West Indies, at the Expiration of Three Months; and in case Liberty tocora-such Ship or Vessel shall be in the East Indies, at the Expiration ^, n to H, s of Six Months from and after such respective Notices shall be given Counciii ?n way as aforesaid: Provided always, that any Commander or Commanders, of Appeal.*Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel whereof such Commission or Letter of Marque issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked as aforesaid, may complain thereof to His Majesty in Council within Thirty Days next after the Secretary to the Admiralty for the time being shall cause Notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the Determination of His Majesty in Council, touching every such Complaint, shall be final: Provided always, that in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission and Letter of Marque shall be deemed and taken to have continued in force, and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to and be the Property of such Owners and Captors, in such manner as the same would have been in case such Order of Revocation had not been made: Provided also, that no Person shall be liable (before he shall Provisow have received personal Notice of such Order of Revocation) to be punished for doing any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission or Letter of Marque, in case inch Order of Revocation had not been made.

XXIV. And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Prize Ship or Vessel, Goods or Merchandize, already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening the Expences in such cases, be it further enacted.

That the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, and Relations r-of any other Court of Admiralty which shall be duly authorized 7)titing. Con" thereto, or such Person or Persons who shall be then commissioned, on 0

for

for that Purpose, within Five Days after Request made to him them for that Purpose, shall finish the usual preparatory Examinatic of the Persons commonly examined in such cases, in order to prcn the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to enquire whether the same b lawful Prize or not, and that the proper Monition usual in such caf shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the same, am shall be executed by the Person or Persons proper to execute tbi same, within the Space of Three Days after Request in that bebal made, and in case no Claim of such Captured Ship, Vessel or Goods shall be duly entered in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath giving Twenty Days' Notice after the Execution of such Monition, or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within Five Days from the time of entering such Claim, give Security in the Sum of Sixty Pounds Sterling, to pay Colts to the Captor or Captors, in case the Judge shall decree Colts to be due, that then the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to him the said Examination, or Copies thereof, and producing to him upon Oath all the Papers and Writings which shall have been found, taken in or with such Capture, or on board any other Captured Ship or Vessel regarding the lame, or upon Oath made that no Papers or Writings were found, proceed with all convenient Speed or Sentence, either to discharge or acquit such Capture, or to condemn the same to be good and lawful Prize, according as shall appear to him upon Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and all the Papers and Writings found, taken in or with such Capture, or on board any other Captured Vessel regarding the same, if any such shall be found, or to allow further time for a Claim to be entered, or Security given; and in case any such Claim shall be duly entered and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to enter into any other Examination, that then the Judge shall within Ten Days, if possible, after such Claim made and Security given, proceed to Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture; but in case upon entering such Claim, and the Attestation thereupon, or the producing of such Papers and Writings as aforesaid regarding such Captured Ship or Vessel, or Goods, and upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the said Judge whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear to him to be necessary, according to the circumstances of the case, for the clearing and determining such Doubts, to have an Examination of Witnesses on Pleadings given in by the Parties and admitted by the Judge, or such other lawful Mode of Enquiry as the said Judge may think requisite, that then the said Judge shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons well skilled in the same, to be named by the Parties, and approved and appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same, according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge, for which Purpose the said Judge shall cause, if he shall think fit, the Goods found on board to be unladen, and an Inventory thereof being first taken, if the Judge shall think necessary, by the Marshal of the Admiralty or his Deputy, shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate Locks, of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party desiring the same, and shall

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 160.

after such Appraisement, and within the Space of Fourteen Days after the making of the said Claims, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize, and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Captors to pay such Colts, as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship, Vessel or Goods shall not be condemned as lawful Prize; and after such Security duly given, the said Judge shall make an Interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released and delivered accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Books, Papers and Writings found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall, without Delay, be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty, wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against in order to Condemnation upon Oath, as by Law required; but that only such Books, Papers and Writings shall be made use of and transiated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors or Claimants, or in case of no Claim, shall be deemed by the Captor, his Prodlor or Agent, or by the Registrar, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel, and Cargo thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Claim on behalf of any asserted Joint Capture shall be admitted before Condemnation, unless Security be given at the time of entering the same, that the Party shall contribute to the actual Captor his Proportion of all Expence that shall attend the obtaining the Adjudication, as well in the first Instance as upon Appeal, and likewise his Proportion of all Colls and Damages that may be awarded against the actual Captor on account of the Seizure and Detention; and after final Condemnation no Allegation setting forth such asserted Interest shall be admitted, unless the Party shall have previously paid his Proportion of all such Expences as shall have attended the obtaining such final Condemnationj and unless he shall have shewn sufficient Cause to the Court why such Claim was not asserted at or before the Return of the Monition: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the asserted Interest of any Admiral or Flag Officer claiming to share in any Prize by virtue of his Flag.

XXVII. And, for the Encouragement of the Capture of Armed Ships belonging to the Enemy, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Captors to include in One Adjudication any Number, not exceeding Six, of such small Armed Ships, having a Commission or Letter of Marque from the Enemy, not exceeding Seventy Tons each, and which shall have been taken within the Space of Three Months preceding the Application to the Court of Admiralty for such Adjudication.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Judge, Registrar or Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, or any other Officer whatsoever of or belonging to any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, nor any Person or Persons practising as Advocate, Proctor or otherwise, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested directly or indirectly as Owner, Part Owner, Sharer or Adventurer in any Private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War whatsoever, having any Commission or Commissions, or Letter of Marque as aforesaid 5 and in case any such Judge, Registrar,

Deputy

861

Papers found on board Vessels taken brought into Registry of Court of Admit alty.

Claims of Joint Capture not admitted but otr Security given for Contribution to all Expences, & c.

[Proviso.]

Six Privateers, not exceeding 70 Tons, included in One Adjudication.

No Judge, Officer or Praili-tioner, of Court of Admiralty, concerned in Vessel having Lever of Marque.

G. 160.

55 GEO. III.

AJ3. 1815.

Penalties.

Registrar or other Officer of Court of Admiralty acting as Advocate or Prodlor.

[Penalty.]

Prohors concerned only for One Party.

Deputy Registrar, Marshal, Deputy Marshal or other Officer, Advocate or Prodtor, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, such Judge, Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal, Deputy Marshal or other Officer respectively, mall, for every such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or at any General Session of the Peace in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations), absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, of what Kind or Nature soever such Office or Employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Advocate or Proctor, or other Person as aforesaid, respectively, shall for such last mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in manner aforesaid) be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising either as an Advocate or Prodtor, or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty wheresoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That ho Registrar or Deputy

Registrar, nor any Marshal or Deputy Marshah of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty whatsoever, shall either dirc&ly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whotnsoever, adfc or be concerned in any manner, either as an Advocate or Prodtor in any Cause, Matter or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, to which such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, shall then belong; and that every Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convictfe<|; either an Information or Indictment in manner aforesaid), 5' fhilHromtS^ice-forth absolutely forfeit his respective Office of

Registrar or Deputy Registrar, Marshal or MiHhal, hi and

belonging to the same Court. '*10

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no 'Prodtor or other Person practising as Prodtor in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, or any Court of Appeal therefrom, being employed by any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall be concerned by himself or his Partner, or by any Person or Persons, directly or indirectly, on behalf of the adverse Party or Parties, in the Suit or Matter wherein he may be employed, nor shall receive any Allowance from the Bills, nor in any manner whatsoever participate in the Profits of the Prodtor or other Person condudmgdr employed in the Cause of the adverse Party or Partie*j aq<I in case any Prodtor or other Person practising as $'toy fitch Court

A_11 _. XL! A A

Penalties.

shall, notwithstanding this Act, be di) or interested as aforesaid, be shall,

thereof lawfully convictedi either u  aforesaid), absolutely* r '

; ly concerned Offence (beinsjv " Indidlraent vji

C. 169.

863

ijf A.Drl8l$.

55 GEO. III.

aforesaid, He from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising as a Proctor or otherwise in any of His Majesty's said Courts wheresoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Proctor of the High Court of Admiralty shall act as such, or permit or suffer his Name to be in any manner tkfed in any Suit, the Prosecution or Defence whereof shall appertain to the Office of a Proctor, to or for or on account, or for the Profit and Benefit of any Person or Persons not entitled to act as a Proctor, or shall permit or suffer any such Person or Persons to demand or participate in such Profit and Benefit, and Complaint thereof shall be made to the said Court, and Proof given to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that such Proctor hath offended therein as aforesaid, then and in such case every such Proctor so offending shall be struck off the Roll of Proctors, and be for ever after disabled from practising as a Proctor, or be suspended from the Office, Function and Practice of a Proctor in the said Court for so long a Period as the Judge of the said Court may deem fit; save and except as to any Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money, that are or shall be agreed to be made to the Widows or Children of any deceased Proctor or Proctors by any surviving Partner or Partners of such deceased Proctor or Proctors; and also save and except as to any Agreement made, or understood to have been made between Proctors and Articled Clerks, whole Articles have been executed prior to the passing of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Person or Persons shall in his or their own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, make, do, aft, exercise or perform any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any way appertaining or belonging to the Office, Function or Practice of a Proctor of the High Court of Admiralty, for or in Consideration of any Gain, Fee or Reward, or with a view to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Functions or Practice of a Proctor, without being admitted and enrolled, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Salary which shall be agreed to be paid by a Proctor, his Partner or Successor, to a Clerk really and bona fide serving in his Office at the time of the passing of this Act, and who shall have been bona Jide serving in the Office of any Proctor or Proctors for Seven Years next before the passing of the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Table of Fees, authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, shall be hung up in same conspicuous Part of the Court in which the several Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts shall hold their Courts, and that no Judge or Surrogate, Registrar or Deputy Registrar, nor any Marshal or Deputy Marshal, of.or belonging to any of His Majesty's Courts of Vice Admiralty, shall, either directly or indirectly by himself, or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, receive or take any Fee beyond those specified in the Tablfe aforesaid} and that every Judge or Surrogate, Registrar

Proctors allowing Name* to be used by Persons not entitled to act as Proctors, struck off Roll

Exceptions.

Exercising Func-tons of Proctor, not being duly enrolled.

Penalty,

Not to extend to Salaries of Clerks of Seven Years' (landing.

Table of Fees hung up in Courts of Vice Admiralty.

1

[Penalty.]

Misdemeanor.

Act not to retrain His Majesty from giving Directions to Courts and altering Fees.

C. 160.

55 GEO. III.'

A.D. 18r$,

Appeal.

Tn what case Execution of Sentences not 1'ufpended.

or Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence, (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon Information or Indictment in manner aforesaid), shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Judge or Surrogate, Registrar, Deputy Registrar, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, in or belonging to the same Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or receiving any Sum or Sums of Money, other than the Fees aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Extortion and a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall be proceeded against and punished as such under and by virtue of this Act.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to restrain His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions from time to time to his respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, and for regulating the Fees of the said Courts, and amending and altering the Table of Fees therein, as by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall bethought necessary or proper.

XXXVII. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any

Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satish'ed with the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty in England, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty, duly authorized to proceed in Prize Causes, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said High Court of Admiralty, or from any of the said Courts of Vice Admiralty, to the Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving and determining Appeals in Causes of Prize, such Appeals to be interposed and received in the like manner as Appeals to the Commissioners in Prize Causes have been usually interposed and received from the said High Court of Admiralty, and good Security to be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and also pay such Colls as shall be awarded in case the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, be affirmed; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Execution of any Definitive Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such Appeal, save as is herein after provided, in case th^ Jfyuty or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be qpjppved of by the^' 1'* 1 T*1 "'^.jpecree shall be

Persons intervening on Appeal mult enter Claim.

Court in which such Sentence or Interloci given, to render and deliver the Ship, Y< concerning which such Sentence or, ! pronounced, or the full Value thereoj lants, in case the Sentence or Inter) shall be reversed.

XXXVIII., And be it ens w?8 not a Party, in the first lnft; mtmpfe AppeaL from, a -

or Effects, ^Decree shall be diant or Appel-so appealed from

C.i6o.

865

j. A.D. 1815. 5^5 GEO. III.

Admiralty Court, such Person, or his or her Agent or Agents* shall at 1, the same time enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null and void.

XXXIX. And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen by ' Appeals in Prize Causes not being prosecuted in a reasonable time,

and from secret Appeals, or Protocols of Appeal, being entered

before a Notary Public, without any Notice given to the Court

or Parties appellate, or their Proctors: For remedy thereof, be it enacted, That every Person being a Party or not a Party in a Prize Appeals profc-Cause, in the High Court of Admiralty of England, or in any Vice wijJjn.Admiralty Court, and against whom a Sentence shall be thereafter wc*ve on S'

fiven, or any Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive entence pronounced, and who shall appeal therefrom, shall prosecute such his Appeal by taking out the usual Inhibition within Twelve Months after the time such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given j and that after the Expiration of the said Term of Twelve Months, without any Inhibition having been taken out, no Appeal shall be allowed to be prosecuted by any Person, being a Party or not a Party, in the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, nor shall any Inhibition be granted at the Prayer of such Person or his Proctor, but the said Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall Hand confirmed as to such Person: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be Lords of Appeals lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, in all cases in which may extend it shall appear that a Distribution has not taken place, to permit an time n special Appeal to be prosecuted after the Term of Twelve Months elapsed, au e 1 ewn* where, upon special Cause shewn, they shall deem such Permission fit and reasonable to be given.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case any Appeal shall be inter- On Appeal posed from a Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of Prices appraded a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Court of Ad- plartieeS gWrhgt0 miralty, or Vice Admiralty, concerning any Ship or Vessel, or Goods Security, or fold, or Effects, seized and taken as Prize, that then and in such case, the Judge of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty shall and may, at the request, Costs and Charges, either of the Captor or Claimant (or of the Claimant only, in case where the Privilege is reserved in Favour of the Claimant by any Treaty or Treaties subsisting between His Majesty and Foreign Powers), make an Order to have such Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects, appraised, unless the Parties shall otherwise agree upon the Value thereof, and an Inventory to be made, and then take Security for the full Value thereof accordingly, and thereupon cause such Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects, to be delivered to the Party giving such Security in like manner as is hereinbefore enacted, notwithstanding such Appeal; and if there shall be any Difficulty or sufficient Objection to the giving or taking Security, the Judge shall, at the Request of either of the Parties, order such Goods and Effects to be entered, landed and sold by Public Auction, under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers of the Customs, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be appointed by the Claimants and Captors; and the Monies arising from the Sale shall be brought into Court, and, by the Registrar, Deputy Registrar or Deputy Registrars, of the said Court, be deposited in the Bank of England, or in case the Captors and Claimants shall agree thereto, in some Public Securities at Interest, in the Names of such Registrar and of ftich Trustees as they the said Captors and Claimant shall 55 Geo. III. 3 K appoint.

866

C.i6o,

S5- GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

On Reversal of Sentence, Nett

Distribution

compellable.

appoint, and the Court shall approve; and if fitch Security shall bt given by the Claimants, then the Judge shall give such Captured Ship or Vessel a Pass under his Seal, to prevent its being again taken by His Majesty's Subjects in its destined Voyage.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Proceeds'o?Sale t!ie Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the force of a Defini-taken as full rive Sentence of such Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, shall Value of Prize, be finally reversed after Sale of any Ship or Goods, pursuant to the Directions in this Act contained, the Nett Proceeds of such Sale (after Payment of all Expences attending the same) shall be deemed and taken to be the full Value of such Ship and Goods, and that the Party or Parties appellate, and their Securities, shall not be answerable for the Value beyond the Amount of such Nett Proceeds, unless it shall appear that such Sale was made fraudulently or without due Care.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Agent fluQ lie compellable to distribute any Proceeds of any Prize, except in the cases in this Act directed, until after the time of Appeal has elapsed. Distribution be-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Judge of the fore time of High Court of Admiralty, or of the Vice Admiralty Court, in which Shilling shall have been condemned, foall certify that the Ship or

under Flag and Vessel to condemned failed under the Flag and Pass of the Enemy, Pals of Enemy, or under any Commission of War granted by the Enemy, then and in such case, on the Application or by the Direction of the Captain or other Commander of the Ship or Vessel making such Capture, the Proceeds shall be distributed, and an Order of the Court may be obtained, at his Prayer, on the Agent or Agents, to distribute the Proceeds of such Prize before the time of Appeal is elapsed, subject nevertheless to the Liability of the Captor to answer any Appeal that may be instituted thereafter during the time limited by Law for Appeals.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases in which the regular time of Appeal has elapsed, or in which the Appeal hath been determined, or for any Judge of any Court of Vice Admiralty Abroad in any such case as aforesaid, to which any Certificate from the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty shall be transmitted of the time of Appeal being elapsed, without further Prosecution, together with an Order of Distribution thereon, to make an Order for Pro duftion and Verification of Accounts, and for the Distribution of the Proceeds, and to enforce the same by the Process of the said Court, by Monition and Attachment upon the Agent or Agents in whose Hands the Proceeds may be lodged, or any other Person whomsoever to whom such Proceeds may have been committed, and likewise by further Process against the Sureties of the said Agent Orders enforced or Agents; and all Courts of Vice Admiralty are hereby empowered, by VireAdnu- directed and required to enforce upon all Persons within their Jurisdiction all such Orders, and all other Orders of the High Court of Admiralty, whether relating to Prizes, or to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, within their respective Jurisdictions.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties, respecting the Distribution of Prise trodedr ^ze Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceed to.Revenue SeU C Prize in this Act contained, shall be extended to all fie:

Ittder

Court of Admiralty may order Production of Accounts and Distribution when time of Appeal elapsed, or Appeal determined.

by VireAdmiralty Courts.

Regulations as to Distribution and Accounts of

C. ttfo.

867

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

under the Revenue Laws, all Grants of His Majesty, all Bounties granted by this or any other Act of Parliament, and all other Monies whatever coming to and being in the Hands of the Prize Agents of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, for their Use and Benefit, by reason of any Capture or Seizure made by the said Ships.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Con- Court of Admi-demnation in the High Court of Admiralty, where there is no Claim- may ant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said on

Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to compel the Agents, by Pro- demned, when cefsof Monition and Attachment, to vest the Proceeds of the Pro- no Claimant, &c. perty condemned in such Public Securities as the Captors shall elect, bp inverted, there to remain and accumulate, for the Benefit of the Parties &c* entitled, till the time of Appeal shall be lapsed, subject nevertheless to the further Directions of the Court, upon the Application of the Captors; and in all cases of Condemnation in any Court of Vice Ad- Courts of Vice rairalty, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, maJ

it shall be lawful for the said Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to t^be innsmit- direct the Property captured, or the proceeds thereof to be forthwith tecj transmitted to Great Britain, there to be vetted in such Public Securities, after being fold (if not already converted by Sale), as the Captors shall elect, until the regular time of Appeal shall have elapsed, subject nevertheless to the Diredians of the High Court of Admiralty, upon the Application of the Captors.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Con- On Condemna-demnation in any Vice Admiralty Court where there is no Claimant t, ons without or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the Judge to com- 2n3tv'couits" pel the Agent, at the Requisition of the Captor, to give Security at the time of Condemnation, for the faithful Distribution of the Pro- Agents to give ceeds, or for the remitting thereof to the Treasurer of Greenwich Security. Hospital, or to such Persons in England as the Captors shall appoint, under the Directions of the Court for the Purpose of being distributed in England.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the On Appeal Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases wherein aqy Sen-tenceof Condemnation pronounced in the said Court is appealed from, pr^dsto'be at the time of serving the Inhibition thereof, or at any time there- brought in, &c. after during the Pendancy of the said Appeal, and without Prejudice to such Appeal, to assign the Agent or Agents, or other Persons in whose Hands the Proceeds of the Prize may be, at the Prayer of either Party, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, or of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for such Purpose to bring into and leave in the Registery the Nett Proceeds of the Sales of such Prize, deduding therefrom so much as in the Discretion of the Judge shall be requisite to be left in the Hands of the Agent or Agents, for the Expences of defending the said Appeal { and the Proceeds so hroyght in shall be deposited, in case Proceeds invest-

the Parties shall agree thereto, in foine Public Securities at Interest, d, See. in the Names of the Registrar or Deputy Regittrars, and of such Trustees as the Parties shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and in oate either Party shall refuse Ms Content thereto, the Party praying the same shall have such Proceeds laid out and vetted in

3K3

for any Lola or

8 68

C.i6o.

Lords of Appeal may order Pro* ceeds to be brought io, &c.

Judges to order Payment of unclaimed Money.

Biftribution.

Court of Admiralty may compel Production of Accounts, and bringing in of Proceeds.

Retaining Proceeds contrary to Ad.

[Penalty.]

Prize Vessels condemned, deemed British-built. t

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

or Deficiency that may be occasioned thereby, in case such other Party shall be ultimately pronounced to be entitled to the Property.

XLIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Lords Commissioners of Appeals are authorized and empowered in any case of Appeal before them, to order at their Discretion the Proceeds of any Prize, the Subject of such Appeal, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be paid by the Agent or Agents for such Prize, at the Requisition of the Captors or Claimants, into the Court, to be laid out or disposed of at the Discretion of the Court on any Application made for that Purpose either by the Captors or Claimants.

L. And be it further enacted, That in the case of Proceeds of Captures remaining in the Hands of the Registrars of the High Court of Appeals, High Court of Admiralty, and of the federal Courts of Vice Admralty respectively arising from Prizes, which have been finally adjudged to the Captors, and which have not been claimed by them, or any Person on their behalf, and which shall have remained in their Hands respectively for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Prize or Prizes from which such Monies shall have proceeded shall have been finally so adjudged unclaimed by the said Captors, or by any Person on their behalf, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, upon Application by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, to order Payment thereof to the said Treasurer or his Deputy; which several Sums, when so paid to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be distributed among the Captors, or their legal Representatives, by the Treasurer and Clerk 01 the Cheque of the said Hospital, in like manner, and subject to the same Regulations, so far as the same can be made applicable, as in cases of Distribution by the Agents of the Captors.

LI. And be it further enacted, That on the Application of any Party interested in the Proceeds of any Prize, or of any Person on behalf of the Treasurer of the Navy or Greenwich Hospital, and an Affidavit of any such Party, or any other Person, of his or her Belief that there are Proceeds of any Prize, or Papers, or Books relating thereto, in the Possession of any Agent or Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty to compel the Production of the same, and the bringing in of such Proceeds, and the answering to such Interrogatories touching the same, as the Court shall approve; and if it shall appear that the Party hath been cited without sufficient Cause, he shall be allowed his Coils against the Party making such Affidavit, or at whose In fiance he hath been unduly summoned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That any Captor, Agent or other Person, who shall acquire or retain the Proceeds of any Prize contrary to the Provisions of this Act, except for reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Court in which such Prize shall be adjudged, or by the High Court of Admiralty, shall pay Interest thereon at the Rate of One Pound per CentumJber Month, for such time as the same shall so be in their Custody or Possession, besides all other Penalties imposed by this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which shall be legally condemned, or shall be sold under any Decree of the High Court of Admiralty, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be considered as riti/l-bwk Ships or Vessels, being first

duly

C. 160.

869

duly registered according to Law, and shall be deemed and taken as^such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same

k Rights, Liberties, Privileges and Advantages, in all respeas whatso-

2. ever, as British Abuilt Ships and Vessels, and shall be subject and liable

ir to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-hwWt Ships or

e Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom or Usage to the

il contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That Pri*e Ship* and i nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Uoods liable to

t exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be I)uties*

[Proviso.]

taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of His Majesty's . Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Regulations to which the same are now, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or for the Commissioners of the Customs, in such cases wherein Goods unfit for the Market of this Kingdom have been brought as Prize into the Ports thereof, and have been fold from Necemty under an Order of the High Court of Admiralty, to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Duties, upon a Certificate from the Judge of the said Court, that the Goods, being unfit for the Markets of this Kingdom, have been so sold as aforesaid; and that the Proceeds of such Sale, after Payment of Duties, will be insufficient te satisfy just and reasonable Claims.

LV. And Whereas great Numbers of Ships of Foreign Nations

may pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores, intended to be carried 1 to the Ports of Countries at War with His Majesty, whereby ' His Majesty's Enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to

fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of His Majesty*

Subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit ' out Ships of War to annoy and invade His Majesty's Dominions:

And Whereas divers Ships of Foreign Nations laden as aforesaid, may be taken and brought into the Ports of Great Britain,

and the Purchase of such Naval Stores laden on board such Ships of

Foreign Nations for the Service of His Majesty, may in many cases ' be expedient, without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof

Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Naval Store* and for the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's found on board Navy or Victualling for the time being, or their Officers or Agents, Foreign Ship* during the Continuance of the present War, to purchase ?"> pN.rvtry Account, or for the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Board*, fltc. cessors only, all or any such Naval Stores found on board any such Ships of Foreign Nations, which have been, or shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the Ports of this Kingdom by any of His Majesty^ Ships or Vessels, or by any Private Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels having a Commission or Letters of Marque; and that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the time being shall and may permit and suffer such Naval Stores, so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the Ports of this Kingdom; tany thing in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King ia Car.ft.cifc Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing tf Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Statute made subsequent 3 K 3 thereto,

C.i6o

ir. GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Breaking Bulk or embezzling.

Penalties.

Captures brought into His Majesty's Dominions Abroad under

of Customs.

thereto, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise fictwith-(landing.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander or Commanders, Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others, shall break Bulk on board (except in case of Necessity, to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in which the same shall be brought to Adjudication), or embezzle any of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel, of or belonging to any Prize or Prizes, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit his whole Share in such Prize to His Majesty, or the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, so to be adjudged on Proof thereof by the Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty as aforesaid, in which such Proof shall be made, and shall also forfeit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel, as he or they shall embezzle.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, in order to be proceeded against to Condemnation in any Aoroaa unner Majesty's Courts of Vice Admiralty, being thereto duly au-

CarTof Officers ^p^zed, shall, without breaking Bulk, flay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and the Captors or Claimants thereof, or their Agent or Agents, subject to the Direction of such Court of Vice Admiralty, until the same shall, by final Sentence, have been either cleaned and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering the same j and upon the final Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof or their Agents.

LVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be kwful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or the Judge of any other Court lawfully commissioned to take Cognizance of Prize, upon due Proof of the Breach of any of His Majesty's In-strudions relating to Prizes, or of any Offence against the La# of Nations committed by the Cfcptors in relation to any Prize, or to the Persons taken on board the same, to condemn the Prizfe to His Majesty's Use and Disposal, fhve as hereinabove is directed with respect to breaking of Bulk or Embezzlement; and whefe the Prize hath been taken by a Ship having a Commissioft or Letter of Marbue, to revoke the same, and to pronounce the Bon#. tolfc Forfeited, and to compel Payment of the Pehaltf nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lordfcl Prize Causes.

LIX. And Whereas good attd j within several of His Majesty's C " venting the carrying off from thd i Servant or Slave Without the GbriT " thfetice any bth Person^

L tjiii 1

out j

Breach of His Majesty's In-strutfions relating to Prizes, or Offences l>y Captors against Laws of Nations.

are in force Ibftt; for jnt-PUhtatibnBtUy

iuO.

87I

a.U. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

' under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said severalLaws is declared and provided; Be it therefore enacted, That all Commanders of Commanders of Private Ships of War, or Merchant Ships having Ships whilst in Letters of Marque, shall, upon their going into any of the Ports or Colonies, subject Harbours in the said Colonies or Plantations, be subject, and they are carrying

hereby declared to be subject to the several Directions, Provisions, persons 1 Penalties and Forfeitures in and by such Laws made and provided; without Consent. any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise iMtwithrcanding.

LX. And Whereas in all Private Ships or Vessels of War, or

Merchant Ships or Vessels for which Commissions or Letters of

Marque shall be taken out, and likewise hired armed Vessels taken

into His Majesty's Service, it is expedient, for the better Discipline

and Government of such Ships and Vessels, that all Persons who

enter themselves on board the same should be under proper Regulations, and pay Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains

and Chief Commanders of the said Ships and Vessels; Be it therefore enacted, That all Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman Offences com-on board any Vessel having a Commission or Letter of Marque during fitted on board the present Holt ili ties, or on board any hired armed Vessel in His Majesty's Service, shall be tried and punished in such manner as punished as Of-ihe like Offences are tried and punished when committed by any Per- fences comson belonging to His Majesty's Fleet: Provided always, that all mined in His Offenders who shall be accusea of such Crimes as are cognizable by Majesty* Fleet, a Court Martial, shall be confined on board such Privateer, or Mer- j? con" chant Ship or Vessel, carrying Letters of Marque, in which such

Offenoe shall be committed, until they shall arrive at some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of

His Majesty*8 Ships of War abroad, as are sufficient to make a

Court Martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of Court Martial

such Ship or Vessel carrying Letters of Marque, or hired armed called.

Vessels in His Majesty's Service, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or to the Commander in Chief or Senior Officer of His Majesty's said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief or Senior Officer abroad, are hereby authorized and required, in the usual manner, to call a Court Martial for trying and punishing the said Offences.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Captain of any Matters of Mer-Merchant Ship under Convoy shall wilfully disobey Signals or In- chant Vessda structions, or any otjier lawful Commands of the Commander of the under Conroy Convoy, or shall desert the Convoy, without Notice given, and d ^lD5 siS' Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled

against in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Suit of The King in His Office of Admiralty, for the same; and upon Conviction thereof shall he fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, and shall suffer such Im- penalty. prisonment, not exceeding One Year, as the said Court shall adjudge.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Perjury.

Cone shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do,

3 K 4 such

C. i6o.

5 j' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

1

Counterfeiting.See. Letter of Marque, &c.

[Penalty.]

Sessions held for Trial of Offences committed on High Seas.

Commissioners, Ice. and Justices may take Informations, Sec. of Offences.

Jaoprisontnent.

Persons necessary to give Evidence to enter into Recogni-

such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify any Commission for War or Letter of Marque, or any Warrant for making out the same, or any Certificate required or directed by this Act to be given for obtaining the same, or shall publish or make use of any such Commission for War, or Warrant for making out the same, or any Certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, erased, altered or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXIII. And, for the more Speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconveniences occasioned by the want of frequently holding a Session of Admiralty for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Session of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, shall be held Twice at the least in every Year at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London (except at such times as the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the City of London, and County of Middle-/ex, shall be appointed to be there held), or in such other Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and at such times in each Year, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall, by any Letter or Order in Writing under their Hands, directed to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, for the time being, appoint.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful not only to and for any One or more of the said Commissioners for the time being, named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer for trying of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, but also to and for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the time being, of any County, Riding, Division or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered from time to time to take any Information or Informations of any Witness or Witnesses in Writing upon Oath, touching any Murder, Piracy, Felony, Robbery or other Offence done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek or Plaee where the Admiral or Admirals hath or have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction; and thereupon (if such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively shall fee Cause) by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons accused in such Information or Informations to be apprehended and committed to the Gaol of the County or Place wherein the same Information or Informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due Course of Law.

LXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is last mentioned, shall and he or they is and are hereby respectively required, at the same time, to oblige; all and every such other Person or Persons, whom such Commissioner

or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace shall judge necessary, to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into One or more Recognizance or Recognizances to His Majesty, in a sufficient Penalty for his, her or their appearing at the then next Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery to be held for the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England^ there to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be committed as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence as shall be required, he, she or they so refusing, shall be committed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the Gaol of the County or Place in which the Person so refuting shall be, until the next Semons of Admiralty shall be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recognizance as shall be required as aforesaid, which Recognizance or Recognizances, together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith the Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be taken, shall and they are hereby respectively required to transmit with all convenient Speed, to the Registrar for the time being of the High Court of Admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the Judge for the time being of the same Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Marftial of the Admiralty for the time being, and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever for keeping of the Peace (as well within Liberties as without), shall and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorized and required, from time to time diligently to execute, perform and obey all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and Orders, as shall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, issued or given to them, or any of them respectively, by One or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, touching any of the Matters or Things herein contained.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking a false Oath, or suborning any Person so to do, or any of the Offences by this Act made cognizable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, tried and determined, in any County in England, dn the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the same shall arise or become forfeited, may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or Monition and Attachment thereon in His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, unless in* cases where any other Mode is by this Act particularly directed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, may be recovered in any Court

Refuting to enter into Recognizance. Imprisonment.

Martha! of Admiralty, &c. to execute Warrants, &c.

Offences out of Realm alleged to be committed in any County.

Penalties and Forfeitures how recovered.

C. 160.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Penalties and Forfeitures how applied.

Limitation of Artions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

King may grant Salaries to Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts in Bahama, <fec. Islandsj&c.

39 G. 3. c. no,

of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Agent or Person is by this Act made subject to the Forfeiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have been aggrieved by the Misconduct of such Agent or Person, and all Pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than as aforesaid, and other than such as are by this Act directed to be otherwise applied and disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors thereof.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever, done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Three Years next after doing or committing such Matter or Thing: Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, fhc or they shall have the Hke Remedy as where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfal for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Order in Council, from time to time, to fix and ascertain proper and adequate Salaries for the Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts estabkshed or to be established in the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, or in Jamaica or Barbadoes, and likewise at the Island of Malta in the Mediterranean % not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum for any of such Judges; and such Salaries shall be iflaed, payable and paid ffut of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain/ and further, that Jhch Salaries shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable, like manner in every respect, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained iff an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Augmentation of tie Solaria of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and affittbehord* of the SeJJtoni, Lords Commissioners of Ju/fidaty OMkJ&mbus of the Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling tO*graui Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the fM Westminster Hall,

on their Resignation of their reJbe8MB0&r

"IL And be it further he lawfubfw

jesty, by any Letters Seal of i

-mSSBZSJMMmSm1

mmr

Ci i(o

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and such Annuity shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like manner in every respect, as the Salaries of the said Judges: Provided always, that no such Annuity granted to any such Judge shall be valid, unless such Judge shall have continued in One or more of the said Offices for the Period of Six Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the Execution of his said Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Profits and Emoluments of the said Judges shall in no case exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to each, or any, or either of the said Judges in any One Year and so in Proportion for any Part of a Year, over and above the Salary of such Judge by this Act granted; and every such Judge shall keep a just and true Account of the Fees and Pecuniary Profits and Emoluments received by him as such Judge in each Year, ending on the First Day of January in each Year and shall as soon after the said First Day of January as the same can be done, in every Year, transmit an Account thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall pay all Sums of Money exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners of the Navy shall deem' fit, and they shall for that Purpose direct.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Regulations and Enactments contained in an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Cmmiffoners of Appeals, shall extend and be applied to all like cases during the lpresent War, and be considered as Part of this Act, except so far as the same of any of them are by this or any other Act now in force altered or varied.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Regulations and Enactments, Penalties and Forfeitures, enacted by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital, and also the several Regulations and Enactments respecting Captures made by His Majesty's Army and other Forces in Conjunft Expeditions with His Majesty's Navy, and respecting Prize or Bounty Mohey arising therefrom, and the Rights and Interests of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea relative thereto, and all Penalties and Forfeitures respecting the same, enacted by an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hofpttaly shall extend and be applied to all like cases during the present War, and be considered as Parts of this Act, except so far as the same or any of them are by this or any other Act now in force altered or varied.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the present War, and no longer, save and except as to all such Matters and Things as shall be depending in Judgment in the High Court of Admiralty, or Courts of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, at the time when the

present

875

[Proviso.]

Lim'ratinn of Profits of Judges.

4i G. 3.(U.K.) c. 96.

extended to cases during the War, and considered pjrt of Act.

54 G. 3. c. 93.

54 G. 3. c. 86.

extended to Act.

Continuance.

Exceptions.

87 6

Gi6o, 161.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

present War shall cease; and also save and except as to all such other

Matters and Things which shall be brought into Judgment before the said High Court of Admiralty, or Courts of Vice Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Conn of Record in Great Britain, in consequence of any Capture or Captures made during the present War, or of any Offence or Offences committed contrary to this Act; in respect whereof this Act shall coutinue in full force until such Matters, and every Thing dependant thereon, shall be finally adjudged and determined; and also save and except as to the Power of this Act, or the Acts hereby continued, given to His Majesty, to grant to any Judge of any Court of Vice Admiralty any such Salary and Annuity as therein mentioned; and in such Cases and on such Conditions as therein mentioned; and also save and except the Regulations contained in this Act, or of the Acts hereby continued and applied, regarding Letters of Attorney and Orders of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines; and also save and except as to the Clauses and Provisions in this or in the said Acts contained, by which the Punishment attached to the Crimes of personating Seamen, and of Forgery when committed with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, is extended and made applicable to such Offences, when committed with Intent to defraud any Corporation or Corporations; and also save ?nd except all Regulations in this or in the hud Acts contained regarding all Powers and interests given to the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Commissioners and Governors and other Officers of Greenwich Hospital; and also save and except the Clauses and Provisions herein or in the said Acts contained regarding the Distribution and accounting for all Monies arising from Seizures, for Breach of the Revenue and other Acts; and also save and except the Clauses herein contained respecting Prodors acting for the Benelit of others, and Persons illegally exercising the Functions of Prodors; all which shall continue in force until repealed by any subsequent Act of Parliament.*'*

CAP. CLXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of die Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising on Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, [nth July 1815.]

J*G.3.e.95.WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of

W His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the AJfeJfed Taxes, and of the Rates

and Duties on Profts arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and

Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Mode of

collecting the said Assessed Taxes in Scotland has, as far as cir-9 cumstances will admit, been assimilated to that of England, and it

is just that the same Poundage and other Allowances paid to the

Receivers General and Parochial Collectors in England, in respect ' to the said Assessed Taxes, should be allowed to the Principal and

Sub Collectors in Scotland, in respect of the same Taxes^May

12 it

C.i6i.

877

A.D. 18r$.

55 GEO. III.

sk it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

si( enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the '

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and fa Commons, iri this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

jj of the same, That every Principal Collector of Assessed Taxes of Collector to every County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or District in Scotland, shall haven ^, ow" jj, have an Allowance of Three Halfpence in the Pound on all Money from^

'z received by them at any time since the Fifth Day of April One April 1. 18ij. t thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or which shall be hereafter

jj received by them, under the Authority of any Act or Acts for the

8 Assessment and Collection of the said Taxes, and paid over to the

j Receiver General at Edinburgh, his Deputy or Deputies, and also

for what Money such Principal Collector shall pay out of such Duties to any Person or Persons in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, and shall duly account to the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, for such Payments; and that in every County, City, Burgh Allowance to or Direrift where a Sub Collector or Sub Collectors shall be nomi- Sub Collector*. nated and appointed in pursuance of the above recited Acts, an Allowance of Three pence in the Pound on all Monies received by theta at any time since the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or which shall hereafter be received by them and paid to the Principal Collectors of the said County, City or Burgh, shall be allowed to the said Sub Collector or Sub Collectors in such County or City, in such Proportions, and to such Amount among the several Sub Collectors of each County, City, Burgh or Distnft, as the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, on due Consideration of the circumstances of each particular case, and of the Trouble,

Expence and Responsibility of the several Sub Collectors of each

such County, City, Burgh or District, shall from time to time

allow and assign for their Remuneration: Provided always, that in Where no Sub

the Event of any County, Stewartry, City or Burgh, not being Collectorsap-

divided into Districts, and consequently no Sub Collector or Sub for^o receive*0"

Collectors being appointed therein, the Collector nominated and ap- additional Al-

[Proviso.]

}minted under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament re- lowance. ative to the Assessed Taxes, and doing the respective Duties of both Collector and Sub Collector, shall be entitled to the Allowance of Three Half pence in the Pound granted as aforesaid, to Principal Collectors, as also to an additional Allowance of Three Half pence in the Pound, amounting in whole to an Allowance of Three pence in the Pound, for all Monies which shall be received and paid over by him to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, and also for what Money he shall pay over of such Duties to any Person or Persons in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, and for which he shall duly account to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, but declaring always, that in every County,

City or Place which shall have been divided into Districts, and Sub Collectors appointed, it shall not be lawful for any principal Collector to act also as Sub Collector, nor for any Sub Collector to act as Sub Collector for more than One District of any such County or Place, ' without the special Authority of the said Barons.

II. And Whereas by the aforesaid Statute, it is enacted, that 5* G* 3* c< 9 4 the said Sub Collectors shall pay over the several Duties so received*7*

by them without Delay, or at farthest on or before the First Day of next Month after receiving the said Duties to the Collector of

C. i6u

S$k GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Barons to allow Sub Collectors

der any Act.

43 G-3* C.IJQ.

5* G. 3. c. 95.

of the same Duties respectively, for the County, Stewartry, City

or Burgh, within which such DistriA or Division or Part thereof

is situated; and Inconvenience having arisen from the said Mode

of Payment by the principal Collectors being obliged upon the Fifth

Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July and

Tenth Day of October, to pay over the whole of the Duties received ' by them to the Receiver General, by which means it frequently

happens that they have not Money in their Hands to make Payment of ithe several Sums directed to be paid by various Acts of Parliament Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Barons to allow the said several Sub Collectors to retain

in Hand ton ^eir respective Hands so much of the said Monies aa shall appear

answer Pay. to the said Barons to be necessary to enable the said Sub Collectors

ments made un- to answer the Payments to be made by them, under and by virtue of the said AAa of Parliament, for and during such time as the said Barons frail order, not later than the Twelfth Day of the succeeding Month after the said Sub ColieAors shall have received the same; any thing in the aforesaid Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any A3 or ABs relating so the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the fold Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and by the said Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty> it is enacted, that the respective Collectors of the Duties therein mentioned to be appointed for the several Counties, Cities and Burghs, shall make Returns of quarterly Statements of Taxes, and of Lifts of Arrears of Tajtes, which said Returns and Lifts shall be verified on Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewirtry pr before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Burgh for which he or they is or are ColleApr or CoUcAors, Sub Collector or Sub Collectors of the said several Duties: And Whereas from the Places <?f Residence of many of the Collectors and Sub Collectors, the Verification of the said Statements and Lifts before Sheriffs and Stewards Depute, or their Substitutes, or the Chief Magistratea of Burghs, has ip certain cases been found inconvenient j* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors and Sub Collectors appointed or to be appointed to verify the said Statements and Lifts before any of His Majesty's Justices of Peace in the Counties or Burghs in which they frail be Collector or Sub Collector, as well as before the Sheriffs and Stewards Depute, or their Substitutes, or the Chief Magistrate of Burghs; any thing in the Two recited Statutes before mentioned notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Rerfpns who frail wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affirmation or Affidavit before the Comnuffiaflers for executing this or any other Act pr AAs for granting Duties to he assessed 43 G. 3. c.ijg. under the Regulations of the AA pwde in the Forty third Year of56' His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for cemfoHdaiing certain of the Provisions confound in any A3 or Afy relating to the Duties under tht Management if the GwmjfioHtrs for tht Affairs if Tones, and for

amend*

Collectors to verify Statements of Taxes before JuUices as well as before Sheriffs, &c.

False Oath, Src.

: VT-W % i

879

il* A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 161, 162, 163.

iai-

hi

; al

hi:

i k

s

9

I

1

1

1

amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Grefit Britain called Scotland, or before the Sheriff Depute, Sheriff Substitute, Justices of the Peace or Magistratea of Burghs or others, by the said Act or by this Act empowered to administer the same, touching any Matter or Thing within the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, mail forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and be rendered incapable of again acting as Collector or Sub Collector in the Execution of any Act or Acts granting Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter obstruct any Commissioner or Commissioners, Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, Collector or Collectors, Sub Collector or Sub Collectors appointed under the Provisions or by virtue of any of the Statutes passed or to be passed for the Assessment or Collection of the said Taxes, or of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Pro-sessions, Trades and Offices, in Scotland', or any of them, or any Con (tables or other Officers or Persons employed by the said Collector or Collectors, Sub Collector or Sub Collectors, in the due Execution of his or their said Office or Offices, Duty or Duties respectively, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling; and all Penalties under this Act shall be recovered in such manner as any other Penalty is recoverable under the Provisions or in pursuance of the said Statutes, or any of them.

CAP. CLXII.

An Act to repeal the Excite Duties and Drawbacks on Epsom Salt.

[ 11 th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties of Excise

now payable on Epsom Salt made or produced in Great Britain, and the Drawbacks by Law granted or allowed on the Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts as Merchandize Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying, any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, and incurred on or before the said lass mentioned Day.

[&* as to Glauber Salt, antcy c. 66. $33.3

CAP. CLXIII.

An Act to regulate the issuing of Licences to allow Open Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and for revoking the same when necessary.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of the Custom^tn 1England, Scotland and Ireland respectively, to revoke Licences which have been issued for Open Boats

not

Pendty.

Obstruction Commissioners or Officers.

[Penalty.]

43 G. 3. c. 69. Sch. (A.) (C.) 45 G. 3. c. 14.

as to Epsom Salt repealed.

88o

C. 163.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Commissioners of Customs may revoke Licences to Open Boats

not belonging to Ships or Vessels, allowing such Boats to proceed ' to Foreign Parts, and jin future either to refuse Licences for such

Boats or to limit and confine their Employment or Navigation, in ' such manner as the said Commissioners respectively may fee fit, ' whenever it shall appear to them expedient so to do, for the Pre. 4 vention of Smuggling and the Safety and Protection of the Revenue Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of

iw w thetn, to revoke Licences which have been issued for Open Boats not

to Foreign Parts, belonging to Ships or Vessels, allowing such Open Boats to proceed and in future to Foreign Parts, and in future either to refuse Licences for such limit Navigation Open Boats, or to limit and confine the Employment or Navigation of Boats. thereof in any manner and within any Limits and Distance of the

Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, as they the said Commissioners respectively may deem fitting and proper, whenever it shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively that such Revocation, Refusal or Limitation is expedient for the Prevention of Smuggling, and the Safety and Protection of the Revenue.

On Order of

II. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners Revocation being respectively shall by any Order in Writing under their Hands have left with Owner ar)y such Licence, a Copy of the Order of Revocation shall

Licence void*' be^c*ierHth any One of the Owners of such Open Boat or with and delivered'up, the Person having the Care or Custody thereof, and from and after the Delivery of a Copy of such Order as aforesaid, the Licence granted for such Boat shall and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, and the Owner and Owners is and are hereby required to cause the said Licence to be delivered up to the Collector of the Cuf* toms of the Port to which such Boat shall belong, within Three Months from the Day on which the Order of Revocation shall have been delivered as aforesaid; or in case of the said Licence being loll or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof on Oath shall be within the same Period made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required te administer; and in case such Licence shall not be delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within such Period as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Open Boat shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; or if such Open Boat shall be used or navigated after a Copy of the Order revoking the Licence shall have been delivered as aforesaid, every such Open Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, in such manner and by such ways, means and methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, reco-. vered and disposed of.

Jtc.

penalty.

In what case Boat forfeited.

Penalties how recovered and applied.

Aija to

petted dm Danmpoi

; \vher]

Rtipi

Hr 0*

cj

tr'k'toC

Ch'Ji

j&fa

vVof

he|,

fKdA

: ^th

: w

'wL, ! or

pet

SjHt'

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 164

88 r

ka*7

cai

U

fff!

iiri

iJi

lb

sir

iJk

7i(

2;

JU

SJ

!fi

i'

e

i

1

CAP. CLXIV.

An Act to exonerate, in certain Cases, Foreign Spirits imported during the Suspension of the Spirit Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, from the additional Duty imposed thereon.

[ 11 th July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the 5* 3* 3*

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another AS

made in the Forty ninth Tear aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of

Britishi or IriRi-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respeS-

tvely; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made

from Sugart during the Prohibition of Difiillation from Corn or

Grain in Great Britain; it was enacted, that during the Continu- 5*

aRce of the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or 1 Grain mentioned in the said Act, all and Angular the Duties in the said Act in that behalf mentioned should be fupended and that ' during such Suspension there should be raised, levied, collected and

paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all Rum,

Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters (except Rum of the Produce of the British Plantations), imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon should not have been paid on the Fourteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or imported after that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum upon the ' Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Excise imposed for

or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force

immediately before the passing of that Act: And Whereas by

another Act made in the Fifty third Year of His said Majesty's 53*3* c- /

4 Reign, among other things, to suspend the Importation of British $ 4'

or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively,

the said Suspension was continued, and the same, in consequence and by virtue of His Majesty's Order in Council published in the London Gazette, ceased on the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, on which Day there were remaining in the Warehouses in which the same had been lodged and secured under the Regulations of an Act made in the Forty third 43 G*3* c* IJa* 4 Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, and other Acts of Parliament relating to the warehousing of imported Goods without Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof, under the Joint Locks of The Crown and the Merchant, large Quantities of such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita and Strong Waters (not of the Produce of the British Plantations), and on which the said additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum had

become and was chargeable and charged, and which remained in the said Warehouses to the said additional Duty until the

4 Mouth of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, at and

55 Geo. III. 3 L 4 after

m

Rum, &c. subject to Duty of ill zos. per Cent, under 5G.3. c. 3. exonerated, and Persons concerned in fuf-pending Payment of Duty indemnified.

C.I64, 165.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

after which time the said Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* and

that Purpose, to the Commissioners of Excise,

delivered by the Officers of Excise from or out of the said Ware- houses, without Payment of the said additional Duty; and it is

expedient to exonerate all such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* and Strong Waters, so delivered from the said additional Duty,

and also to grant and give the Indemnifications herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* and Strong Waters respectivelj, so delivered from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehousei, in or after the said Month of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, without Payment of the said additional Duty of Twehre Pounds and Ten Shillings ter Centum, shall be and the same are hereby exonerated from the said additional Duty, and every Part thereof; and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, concerned in the giving or issuing any such Order or Orders, shall and they are hereby fully indemnified, for or in respect of giving or issuing any such Order or Orders, and the said Commissioners of Excise, concerned in caufine any Officer or Officers of Excise to deliver any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* or Strong Waters, in or after the said Month of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, without Payment of the said additional Duty, or to forbear to collect or receive any such additional Duty for or in respect of any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* or Strong Waters so delivered; and all such Offices of Excise who have so delivered any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* or Strong Waters, or who have forborne to collect or receive the said additional Duty, or any Part thereof, for or in respect of any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Fit* or Strong Waters so delivered, shall be and they re' fully indemnified for or in respect thereof t

i.

CAP. CLXV.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Min era of Cornwall and Ihvon > and for granting Allowances, in % ertain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant-of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of Mbrsk*fyfg thptifand eight hundred and sixteen.*July 1815.!

T T 7 HE REA^ it is necessary forde\y, fraying the Chanre of j;

hereby also

' Subaltern Officers and Surgeons* Mates of the Regular Militia,

' and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great Britain, while disem- bodied; and also Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced; and to

Adjutants and Surgeons, after long Service; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the time being may Secretary at and shall, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to to, irue..cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular so^p^of Re-Militia of Great Britain (when disembodied), in the manner and gular Militia, for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; that is to say,

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem: Rates of Pay.

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of Three Companies, and upwards, Six Shillings per Diem

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem

For each Paymaster, in Corps consisting of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem

For each Quarter Master, where One had been appointed in a Corps while embodied at an Establishment of not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings per Diem; and at an Establishment of lest than Three hundred and sixty Private Men,

Three Shillings per Diem

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisionaf Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem:

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, One Shifting and Six pence per Diem

For each Drnmmer, One Shilling per Diem

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, Rate of P*y shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or whe" a^fenl 00 Drummer shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Furioafth* Rates, instead of those above mentioned; that is to say,

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For every Serjeant having been a Cmour Serjeant m any Provisional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem:

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed m Corps confiding of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Four pence per Diem:

For every other Serjgnt, the Sum of One Shilling'/rr Diem:

For every CorporaT^lbeSum of Eight pence per Diem:

For every DrumM^or, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem

3 L 2 And

884

Clothing.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Contingent

Expences.

Residence of Officers where Arms of Corps kept.

[Proviso.]

'Quarter Matter, fee. to have Charge of Anns, &c.

Paymaster to issue Money for Contingent Expences on Order signed by ColoneL

Balance to form Stock Purse.

And for every Drummer, the Sum of Sixpence per Diem respectively, and no more

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), at the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten

pence for each Serjeant Major; Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant; Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal; Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major; Three Pounds Five Shillings and Twopence for each Drummer; and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Man, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that fuen Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on Constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years, and also at the Rate of Three Pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps. Provided always, that every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon and Quarter Matter of Regular Militia when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong, are kept, or within such Distance thereof as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary' at War; and the said Officers and the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers shall be subject to the same Rules in respect to occasional Absence, as the Adjutants of disembodied Militia are by Law liable to: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter Matter, Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent without the Leave of the Colonel or Commandant of his Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Matter of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quarter Matter is appointed, and when no Quarter Matter is appointed, then the Paymaster shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores, under the Superin tendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymaster shall, out of the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the Contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps from time to time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms and other usual Contingent Expences upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, /hewing the Balances remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purle for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

[Session 3. is the same as 3. of 54. G.$- 189.]

IV. And be it nirther enacted, That tK^IDfficers and Noa Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the

Ui A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C.i 65.

Iso Militia, shall for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, or when ie* called out for the suppressing Riots or Tumults, be entitled to the ib same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Militia when embodied.

' V. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain while disem-rrj bodied, under certain Regulations; Be it further enacted, That

ra the following Allowances over and above the Pay to which they are

is? entitled dunng the time of annual Exercise, or when called out for

a the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, shall be made and paid to the

11 Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the manner herein after ex-5 pressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate who held or

5 shall hold a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain, and was or

: shall be serving the rein, when the Corps was or shall be disembodied;

that is to say,

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem

And to a Surgeon's Mate, Two Shillings and Six pence pet Diem:

Provided always, that all Officers of the Militia serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Ensigns for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster or Quarter Master in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words, or to the Effect following; videlicet,

4 T A* B do swear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the Day

of inclusive, as a Lieutenant, [Ensign, or, Sur-

geon's Mate, <w the case may be, -] and that I was not in myown Right, or in Right of my Wife during the said Period in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and

Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annualValue above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Commissionof Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia j that I did not hold

a, L 3 'or

885

Training, &c. entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons' Mates.

[Proviso.]

Exceptions.

Oath taken to entitle to Allowances.

S 86

C. 105.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

' or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy during the salt 1 Period any Office pr Income whatsoever from the Public, excepl

my Pay as for the Period of the Corps having aflem

bled to be trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of Rioti

or Tumults, and my Half Pay as

So help me GOD. 1

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Pay. matter of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

Subalterns and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer _ ate* and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, or during the Period of being called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, and shall during the said time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance as well as the Rett of his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the Current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend, and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming to be entitled to such Allowance shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or flittered for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, or assembling for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate, who may be so permitted to be absent and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercise, or assembling for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults: Provided always, that the reason for such Absence as well as the Duration thereof shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned), to he signed by the Commanding Officer, and to he furnished as soon conveniently may be to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate shall be* fervitig.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any: alled out befora Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia after the disembodyii, gjWfc thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the Payment* Al- Half-yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out owance paid on for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, or for the Suppression: aking Oath be- of Riots or Tumults, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate roreJurtic, belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and cornu.h vit out erti -^Description of this Act, who shall have taken and fob

feribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any such Justice 0 the Pfeace as aforefokL shall be entitled to the said Allowance as ii foeh Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate bad regularly attend*

^the

to attend annual Exercise, fee.

[Penalty.]

Certificates.

Commanding Officer may grant Leave of Absence.

[Proviso.]

[f Regiment not

rate of Attend-mce.

887

S Corps during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance signed by the Corn-frit manding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps had been furniftied to the Paymaster of the Regiment. s$ X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Cer- When Pay-

tificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not matters to pay: fi hatfe been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon the Allowances, said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters and they are hereby authorized and re-f] qnired to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates

i, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or

f Surgeon's Mate, in Addition to their Pay for the time of Training

& and Exercise or for the time of assembling for the Suppression of

f Riots and Tumults, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Month*

t or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December

f next, and the other proper Proportion of the same, on the Twenty

\ fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, without

n any DeduAion whatsoever; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers

for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and On Neglect of Surgeons' Mates of the Militia entitled or claiming to be entitled to Attendance of the Benefits of this Act shall at all times be liable to serve in the re- jjv* spective Regiments, Battalions or Corps to which they belong, ^colonel, &c. whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon actual Ser- his Claim to Al-vice, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon lowance for-at such Times or for such Occasions as may be required of them in fe, ted* pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate shall on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the i.ord Lieutenant and Paymaster, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Session 12. is the same as  ll. of G. 3. c. 189.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Per- Persona on Half son being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Pay, or entitled Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or to Allowance as Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money powered, if and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, serving in Mill* Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quarter tia, toieceiva Matters, Surgeons and Surgeons' Mates, when assembled for annual Subsistence Training, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults 5 and the tobTpaid, on receiving and taking any such Subsistence Money and Allowance by caking followin# any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Oath.

Quarter Matter, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay or being entitled to any such Allowance from receiving hie Halt Pay or such Allowance } and such Person shall take

AA.

3L4

C. 16<

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

1

N<m ComtTiiffioned Officers, kc. not to lose Right to Chel-Ua Pensions, c.

Adjutants, after Service of 20 Years and unfit for Service, to receive Allowance.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

iurgeon* after iervke of 20 fears, and unfit

the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

A.B. do swear, I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Mill- tary, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a ' Reduced in His Majesty's Navy, [or, in the Marines, or,

in late Regiment of ], or,

Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards, [or

Regiment of Horse reduced], save and except my

Subsistence or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, ' Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster, or, Quarter Master, Surgeon, or,

Surgeon's Mate, [<w the case may be'] for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the find Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custora to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quarter Master, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Pin-fions or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia, when assembled for Training, or when called out for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, nor shall any Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance of Two Shillings and Six pence or Two Shillings a Day granted by this Act, to Subalterns or Surgeons' Mates when disembodied.

[*Session 15. is the same as f 15. of 54 G. 3. c. 189.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Foroes, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid,: rom the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which lie shall have belonged, together with an Order from the Secretary at War be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to jfltfh Person produAg such Certificate and Order as aforesaid, an Awwance at the Rate, of Eight Shillings fer Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall l?e entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall htfft served for a less Term than Ten Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment fcff Civil or Mili-

tary under His Majesty: Provided also, thaFagffiffAdjutant shall lose any' Right he ma^have to Half receiving such

Allowance as aforesaid, but shall life AmWayreceive fuen Half Pay a* tfeR as fftch Allowance.;*!

tort her en

88p

A1 A.D. 18i 5. 55 GEO. III. C.i 65.

liiiz Foroes, or in the Militia for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on r producing to the Paymaster of the Regiment a Certificate of such r; Service of Twenty Years in the whole fTen of which he shall have: ^served as a Surgeon of Militia), from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymaster shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, ", together with an Order from the Secretary at War, an Allowance at

the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem, commencing the Twenty fifth

f Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no Person receiving such Allowance, shall, by reason thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay !{ to which he may be entitled.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and deter- mined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and deter-

- mine, or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of

this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from the time such Regiment shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia, d'tfembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions; which has been revived

and continued by several subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, should be again revived and further continued, so far as the same relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act, and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned, to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating1 thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, so far as the same relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors: Provided always, that the Allowance to each Adjutant disembodied as aforesaid, shall, from the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, be issued at the augmented Rate of Four Shillings per Diem

IjSedion 20. is the same as $ 20. of 54 G. 3. c. 189.

for Service, to receive Allowance.

[Proviso.]

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4s.ptr Day.

[Proviso.]

3940 G. 3. c. 44.

revived and continued till March 25. j8i6, so far as relates to Adjutants, & c.

[Proviso.]

1

i

C. 165, 166.

55 GEO. I|t

A.D. 1&ij,

Money for Fay, ftc. issued under Directions of Secretary at War,

Secretary at War to issue Money required for Pay of Local Militia.

Rates of Pay.

ProvUo.

Rate of Pay when absent on Furlough,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums df Money granted for the Fay, Clothing, Allowances and Contingent Etpenca for the Regular Militia when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be iffbed and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that behalf, and to authorize, empower and require the Agent General of the disembodied Militia to make such Payments accordingly.

[SeBioiu 22  27. ate the same {except the Date) as the like Sessioiu

*/54^-3. ^90

CAP. CLXVI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision Should be made

for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Local Militia in Great Britain from theTwenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ' fourteen to the Twenty fifth March One thousand eight hundred

and sixteen j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Exceh

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required foi* the Local Militia, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, For the Pay of the said Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Matter, where the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which he is appointed, shall not be less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men j and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quarter Matter, where the Establishment shall be under that Numberj and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarter* of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with th&^$ldition of Two Shillings and Six pence a Week for each SeijeaSr Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shittbg and Two pence a Day few every Corporal retalaed by. CWtercr His Majesty, and so resident as aforesaid5 and at the Rdteof One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as rtfnY!*1itith the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Drum Major is

appointed: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such odjpnt. Corporal or Drummer, shall dufftg such Absence receive PayOttbe fbitewipg R*te*r.iaftetd Of t&Oft "above mentioned; that r1" Every.iScijeant the Sum of Qae Shilling per Day, eveftp

font of [of

C.i66.

891

Ai A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

ifflfi Clothing of the Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, Clothing, izfth City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and 4Ur Ten pence for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and isr Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven f2, i pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two

gas pence for each Drummer, and Two Pounds One Shilling and Four

pence for each Private Man, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at the Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years j and that such Seneants, Corporals and Drummers, of Local Militia, beyond '* the regular Establishment of the Permanent Staff thereof, as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend 50 G. 3.C. as

l several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been

s actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: And also at the Rate Contingent

1 of Three pence per Man per Month for each Private Man and Expences.

Drummer, for defraying the Contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Non Commis-

Officers and Drummers of Local Militia serving upon Permanent fioned Officer?, Pay, shall be subject to the Provisions of Two Acts made in the &c to

Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign for amending the Profions of Laws relating to the Local Militia of England and Scotland re cc*3' spectively, in as far as relates to the Allowance for Necessaries,

although they may have been enrolled previous to the passing of the said Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Allowance to Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia Surgeon*, assembled for Training in Addition to his Pay, the Sum of Five

Shillings and Three pence per Week for every Hundred Rank and File for the Expence of the necessary Medicines for the Non Com-railfioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, and an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers apd Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Master of each Quarter Matter, Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, or in his Absence to have the Adjutant, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accotr- Charge of Arm*, trements, Clothing or Necessaries, and other Stores, under the Super- j^Money iatendance of the Colonel or Commandant, and shall out of the Money necessary for hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the Contingent Ex- Repairs, on pences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time issue Order signed by out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair Colone1, of Arms, or other usual. incidental Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or

other

C.i 66.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Balance to form Stock Purie.

L0c. 1l Militia entitled to Pay during Periods of Annual Exercise, &c.

Right to Chelsea Penh'ons not affected.

Adjutants, after Service of 30 Years and unfit for further Service, to receive Allowance.

Provifa.

[Proviso.]

other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, and of the Balance remaining in his Hands; which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall transmit the said Account to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Matter for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Local Militia when assembled for Training shall be entitled to the same Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of Annual Exercise or Training, or for suppressing Riots or Tumults, with the Addition of the Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Section 6. is the same as 5. of 54. G. 3. c. 176. Scdton 6. of the former Act is omitted.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Quarter Matter, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man in the Local Militia entitled to receive any Chelsea Pension or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

VIII. And Whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in

the Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of

doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision

should be made for them in Consideration of their former Service; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall on producing to the Quarter Matter of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonmjf'together with an Order from the Secretary ^War, be entitled receive, and the Quarter Matter aforesaid shall&e and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Cemficate and Order as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of 8k Shifiittgs per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be receive such

Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have'f^Sf^ft^ wfs Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of RegulfaH^K^ Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employmel under His Majesty: Provided allo^l anjr Right he may have to Allowance as aforesaid, but fhldT

asvreU as -fock^UdwaaK^.i

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. i 66, 167. 893

[Proviso.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Bat- Reduced Adju-talion or Corps, shall have already ceased and determined, or been tan s to rtceiv* reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be 4*. per Day. reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from the time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance aslaft aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive fuen Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

[ScQions IO  14. are the same as 10  14* of 54 G, 3. c 176.

Section 15. of the former Act is omitted.3

CAP. CLXVII.

An Act for defraying until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[1 ith July 1815.]

[SECTION 1. is the same (except the Date) as 1. of 54 G. 3.

'770

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Charges of for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of paeking, &c. Ireland for the time being, to direct the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, to issue and pay such further Sums V1 c or* as shall be requisite for the Payment of the necessary Charges of the packing and conveying of any such Clothing, and for any Alteration thereofto fit the Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia respectively.

[ScQions 3  8. are the same as f 2  7. of 54 G. 3. c. 177.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Subalterns Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, who shall claim under the claiming Allows Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, to ta^e shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle them-lelves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County in the United Kingdom in which they shall respectimy be, in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet, [The Oath and the remainder of this Section are in the same Words as 8. of 54 G. 3. c. 177.

[ScQion 10. is the same as 9, of 54 G. 3. c. 177.]

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any If Militia not Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the disembodying called out to thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the Half-"ual yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for ftiJj endtled to the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer Allowance, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such JufUce of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance,

*9*

C. 167.

55 GEO. III.

Expence of House for de-pofiting Arms and Stores of Militia, &c. defrayed by County.

[Proviso.]

Provisoi

ance, as if such Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, had been furnished to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion.

[SeBions 12  22. are the same (except the Dates) as 11  21. oj 54 G. 3. f. 177.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Hire or Cost of any House or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or other Stores, and for the Residence and Accommodation of the Permanent Staff belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied; that is to say, of the Paymaster, Adjutant, Surgeon and Quarter Matter thereof, shall be defrayed byr the County, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or in the Absence of such Chief Secretary by the Under Secretary for the Military Department, and specifying the Costs incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the same, or both Costs and Rent, which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to The Clerk of the Crown for such County, at any time prior to the First Day of the Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of DnMin, then prior to the First Day of the Presenting Term: Provided that in no case ary greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irish Curi&cy shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annuaLRest of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irish Currencyshallbe refloated for building such House; save only in such casa' diMlife tMLord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governofopf1 JvdiafJttt the time being, shall think proper specially to parent brdeder a greater Rent or Sum, and then not more than One hundred Pounds yearly net, exetufive of Taxes- and Repairs, or a Sum of Five hundred Pounds; such Permission or Order to be certified to the Clerk The Crown by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence, the Under Secretary for the Military Department: Provided affo, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled t -

for building and eroding such House, m theif are now by Law entitled to ptuakSt Ground f Gaels*

XXIV. And Whereas Be Scans fented for such Purpose* have been in i t inefficient, and therefore larger Sunn "

Rents agreed for, or both, audit foe

dec. to be paid.

8 95

seuch

iui

tm

ftp

t.

to

si

si

p

i

ft

if

9

i.

in the same manner in all respects as they- conld or might do under this Act, in case of an Agreement or Expenditure under or in pursuance of a previous Permission or Order made under this Act.

25  27. are the same as 23  25. of 54 G. 3. c. 177.

CAP. CLXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ireland.

[1 Ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Officers, Non Com- 42 G. 3. c. 90. missioned Officers or Private Men, in the Militia, can be 4G*3* c. 91.

tried or punished after the Expiration of Periods of Training and 4? G*3, C I *

Exercising, or after the Militia shall be disembodied, for any Offence committed against any Act in force for the Punishment of*Mutiny and Desertion, or the Articles of War made in pursuance*thereof, during the Period of such Regiment being assembled for*Training and Exercise, or of such Regiment being embodied, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer Offences com-Drummer and Private Man of the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, mitted, while who shall, during the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to Militia assembled which he shall belong being assembled for Training and Exercise, or forbldTd'aft* being embodied, have been guilty of any Offence against any Act"ds {eri'd b*r- of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, court Martial, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial, confiding of Officers of the Militia, and if found guilty may be punished for such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officer,

Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man shall belong,

shall have been dismissed after Training and Exercise, or shall have been disembodied, in like manner as any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man may be tried and punished during the Period of such Regiment, Battalion pr Corps being assembled for Training and Exercise, or embodied.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Charges made Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private, shall be out and delivered liable to be tried or punished for any such Offence committed during the Period of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps being TraSinVor* assembled for the Purpose of Training and Exercise, or embodied, being disem-unlefa the Charges against such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer bodied, or Drummer, or Private Man, shall have been made out and delivered within Six Months after the Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall have been dismissed after Training and Exercising, or disembodied.

III. And be it further enacted, That whensoever in any of the said General Court* cases it shall be necessary that a General Court Martial should be held Martial ap-for any such Trial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to signify His as'f

Pleasure to such and so many Lieutenants of Counties, Ridings, em " Stewartries, Shires or Places in Great Britain as His Majesty shall deem necessary, that Officers of their respective Counties will be required to assemble to form such Court, and every such Lieutenant shall thereupon give- Orders to such' Number of Officers as shall be

A.D. 18i:

be required, who shall forthwith attend to form such Court, an that every such General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officei Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man of the Militi of Ireland, shall be appointed in the same manner, and by and unde the same Orders and Authority in all respects, as if that Part 0 the Militia-of the United Kingdom which shall have been raisi. and levied in Ireland were there drawn out and embodied as aforesaid; and all Officers who shall refuse or neglect to attend am such Courts Martial, shall be liable to be tried by a General Courl Martial, to be assembled according to the Regulations of this Act, Pay and Allow for such Disobedience of Orders; and all Officers attending to form ance to Officers such courts be entitled to Pay during such Attendance, and

to Two Shillings for every Mile for going to such Court Martial at the Commencement thereof, and returning after the Conclusion of the Proceedings of the Court; and every General Court Martial f0 appointed shall be sworn and held in the same manner as if the said respective Militias were drawn out and embodied at the time of holding the said Court Martial; and every such Court Martial shall have a) 1 such and the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be.of the lame Force and Effect in all respects as if the Militia from which the Officers thereof are assembled was then drawn out and embodied.

Regimental _

IV. And be it further enacted, That for holding a Regimental Courts Martial Court Martial in any of the said cases for which such Court Martial appouue./hall be proper, it shall be lawful for the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to appoint any Place which he shall think proper, within the County, City, Town or District to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, and to order any Officers of such Regiment or Battalion to attend and afiifl: as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and aflilt accordingly; and in Default of such Attendance shall be liable to be tried by a General Court Martial to be assembled pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, for such Disobedience of Orders, and the Officers who shall be Members of such Court Martial shall be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as Officers who shall he Members of any General Court MartiaJ, under the Authority of this Act.

S3 O. 3. c. 35.

11.

CAP. CLXIX.

An to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thou fa 1 id eight hundred jtfid fifteen.

[nthe//y 1815.] 1 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act, to alter and amend several A Els passed in His pn/ent Majesty fs Reign relating to the Redemption of the National Debtt and for making

further Provisions in respeS thereof j, u n"J " J J

dared, that for the Purposes of,

4 Public Debt equal to the; whole ' Perpetual Redeemable Annuities'January One thousand seven.Ju to b^and/*

wa8venacted and de-Amount of Public Debt in Fifth Day. of fijt, .|houldub<r

A.D. 18rj. 55 GEO. III. C. 169. 897

of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament by any Act or Acts of the said Session should or might direct, should be cancelled in

like manner as if the same had been transferred to the said Commissioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts thereunto relating, in order to make Provision for the charge of any Addition to be made to the Public

Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any Other manner for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and that when and so soon as such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased by the said Commissioners, or transferred to them for the Redemption of Land Tax, or the Purchase of Life Annuities,

' as together with the Amount so already purchased or transferred as aforesaid, should have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole annual Charge in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix,

the said Commissioners should thereupon certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament should be then fitting), but if Parliament should not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, and so from time to time whenever such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased or transferred as aforesaid, as should be equal to the whole Capital, and should have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole annual Charge in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities of each Loan con-

trafted since the said Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, the said Commissioners should from time to time thereupon in like manner certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should in like manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette,

and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration should have been so made, published and laid before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debts to which such Certificate and Declaration should relate should from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock (landing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, should be considered to be redeemed by Parliament,

and should from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such times and in such Proportions as should be' directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to he passed for that Purpose, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain by way of Loan or in

any other manner; and it was thereby further enacted, that when- I i*

ever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner, which might create an Addition to the Public 4, Funded Debt of Great Britain, in that or any future Year, should 55 Geo. III. 3 M 4 exceed

898

C.i69.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Ante, c. 53. Ante, c. 74.

Ante, c. 124.

7, 796, 40c!.

Four per Cent*, and 51, 171^67!. Three per Cents Reduced, (land* ing in Bank Books in Namtft of Commissioner for Reduction dj? National Debt, "

' exceed the Sum which on the First Day of February should have been or should be estimated to be applicable in the same Year to 1 the Reduction of the National Debt, then and in every such case

an annual Sum, amounting to the One hundredth Part of the ' Capital Stock created by so much only of the Monies raised by ' way of Loan, or in any other manner as aforesaid, in the Year, as should be equal to the Sum so estimated to be applicable to the ' Reduction of the National Debt within the same Year, should be

issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Account of the said Commissioners in the manner directed by the said therein recited Act of the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, and with respect to the Excess of the Monies which might be so raised in ' any Year by way of Loan or in any other manner as aforesaid, a ' bove the estimated Sum applicable to the Reduction of the National

Debt within the same Year, such an annual Sum as should be equal ' to One Half of the Interest of such Excess, should be set apart

out of the Monies composing the Consolidated Fund, and should ' in like manner be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the ' Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them ' placed to the Account of the said Commissioners: And Wherea*

the Sum which on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen was estimated to be applicable in the present ' Year to the Reduction of the National Debt amounted to Eleven ' millions three hundred and twenty four thousand seven hundred

and sixty Pounds: And Whereas by Two several Acts passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting ' Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and also, intituled An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service

of Great Britain, the Sum of Eleven Millions one hundred and

twenty seven thousand five hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills,

' and the Sum of Sevep millions and eight thousand and eighty nine

Pounds Three Shillings and Six pence in Money have been sub- feribed to be funded in the Five Pounds per Centum Consolidated ' Annuities: And Whereas by another Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities, the Sum of Twenty seven Mil-

lions was raised for the Service of Great Britain: And Wherea^

the Charge of the said several Sums will amount to the Sum of

Three millions six hundred and eighty nine thousand three hundred

and fifty one Pounds Ten Shillings and Two pence One Farthing

And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for a Part of such

Charge in the manner directed by the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by The Kina's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of Seven Millions seven hundred ninety six thousand four hundred Pounds, Four Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and the Sum of Fifty one millions two hundred seventy one thousand four hundred and sixty seven Pounds, Three-Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, Handing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the Tenth Day of OBobtr One thousand eight hundred

89?

11:

Tjiai

t'fel

TSf'X.

\kl

iff

_Vj

'S

r it

i

i t

k

A.D. 1815. 55GfiO. III. C. 169, 170.

dred and fifteen, be respectively cancelled, and the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying in Part the Charge occasioned by the Additions made or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Permanent Duties of Customs, Excise and Postage granted by several Acto in the last and present Session of Parliament, shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any Increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act: of Parliament passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CLXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better regulating the Office of Agent.General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the same.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to re- peal an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and 1 Local Militia; and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, and to mate further Provisions for the Regulation of the*Office of Agent General: And Whereas it is in the said recited Act*enacted, that the Agent General should be authorized and empowered to apply for Money for the Militia when disembodied, the*Local Militia and Volunteers, or any other Service to which he*should be authorized by the Secretary at War to act as Agent 1 General, and to issue and account for the same agreeably to the ' Provisions in the said Act contained: And Whereas it is expedient ' that the said Agent General should also be empowered to act as*Agent General for the Militia when embodied or called out into adhial Service, or for any Part thereof, if authorized by the Secre- tary at War as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Agent General, if authorized as aforesaid, to apply for, receive, disbursc and account for all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Regular Militia, 'or any Part thereof, when embodied or ordered out on actual Service, in the same manner as the Monies required for the Service of the Militia whfcn disembodied have hitherto been applied for, received; disbursed and accounted for.

II*: And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, ' Matters and Things whatever in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall extend and be coiVftrued to extend to itU Sums to be iffoed to^r received by and to all Payments made by i4 3M2 such

cancelled, and Dividends to form Produce of Consolidated Fund.

Duties granted in last and present Session permanent increase to Revenue, Stc.

54 G.3, c.ijr.

Agent Ceneral may act for Militia when embodied in same manner as when disembodied.

Provisions of 54 G. 3. c. 151. extended to Act.

J

900 C. 17?> Wb 172- 5$* 6IQ. 51. A.R181J.

such Agent GfcneraJ, q&; apcomtf of the Regular With when ' fepdied of called out o* a.ctual $ Y*?.,

Cap. cum

An Act to continue, for One Year, certain Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Perfpos serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them tp Mutiny or Disobedience., [utb J/y 1815.] I

WHEREAS the several Act herein after mentioned Bare by Vy Experience bees, found useful and beneficial, and it be*-

pedient that the same should be fjurtfrer continued j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad- j vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coro- I mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

37 G. 3. c. 70. of the same. That Two Act made in the Thirty ferenth Year of i

37 G. 3. (I.) the Reign of His present Majesty, the One in the Parliament of '

e- 4; Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland for the

COfltmu*better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons

serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their f)uty I

and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or I

Disobedience; which A6fcs were to continue in force for the Term in the said recited Act respectively mentioned; and which said recited Act, by several Acts made in the Parliament* of Great Britain and Ireland, have been further continued, and are now in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be and the said Aon are hereby further continued, on and from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, for the Space of One. Year and no longer.

Provisiongfor Subsistence of Slaves during Adjudication to b furnished.

CAP. CLXXII.

An Act to provide, for the Support of captured Slaves during the Period of Adjudication. filth July 1815O

WHEREAS the Acts now in force for the Abolition of the

W Slave Tra.de have not sufficiently provided for the Support

and Maintenance of Slaves during the time when they may be wait-

ing Adjudication as Prize of War, or as. forfeited or liable to For-

feiture to His Majesty, or otherwise proceeded against under and by virtue of any Law j And Whereas it is expedient that further Provisions be made in order to insure the necessary Support and

Maintenance for such Slaves during the time they may be (b ' waiting Adjudication Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Native or Natives of Africa, held and treated as Slaves, or other Person, or Perfoaxheld or treated as Slaves, within the PnmfioiM of upj, Act of Parliament pasted for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, mall; be captured! or seized as prize of War, qr as forfeited or liable to Iforfeiture tQrlfcn Majesty, or otherwise proceede&awwfo and b* virtue* of

and brought tq Adjudication so thtHigkGwfctf AAnmwfa <R

12] m

A.D. 1815. 556 GEO. III. C. 172. 961

inny Geurt of Vice Admiralty, or in any Court in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, or elsewhere within His Majesty's Dominions, which is or may be authorized to hold Jurisdiction in such cases, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons claiming any Right or Property in, or the Possession of such Slaves, and he is hereby re* quired to put such Slaves on Shore; and it shall be lawful for the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs in such Port or Place in which such Slaves shall be brought to Adjudication, and he is hereby required, to direct Enquiry to be made, whether the Persons or Person claiming any Right or Property in or the Possession of such Slaves, shall have furnished, or shall be willing and able to furnish, sufficient Food and Necessaries for the Support and wholesome Maintenance of the said Slaves during the Proceedings which may have been or may be instituted respecting such Slaves; and such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall, as soon as may be, report to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person exercising the Authority of Governor in such Colony or Plantation or Place, the result of such Enquiry; and if it shall appear to the said Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person exercising the Authority of Governor, that sufficient Food and Necessaries for the wholesome Maintenance of such Slaves during the Proceedings so instituted, or to be instituted as aforesaid, have not been fumiffiea; and if the Persons or Person claiming any Right or Property in or to such Slaves shall refuse or afterwards neglect or omit to supply proper Food and Necessaries for the Support and wholesome Maintenance of the said Slaves during such Proceedings, the said Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or other Person exercising the Authority of Governor, in such Colony or Plantation or Place, being satisfied of the Truth of the Report so made to him, shall authorize the said Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs to take on himself the immediate Care and Custody of such Slaves, and to provide proper Food and Necessaries for such Slaves during the Proceedings so in* stituted or to be instituted in any such CoUrt as aforesaid, until the said Court shall have made its Decree, have f the Force and Effect f of a definitive Sentence, Condemning or restoring the said Slaves; and in case the said Court shall by such Decree absolutely rtftort or condemn such Slaves, the said Court shall, on Application made to him by the said Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs To providing or having provided for the support and Maintenance of such Slaves as aforesaid, direct the Accounts for the Prorifions and Necessaries so supplied for the said Slave*, to be brought into the Registry of the Court and examined, and dxre& the same, when confirmed* to be a Charge on the said Slaves, to be defrayed by the Person receiving Possession thereof under the Decree of such Court.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case the Court shall not im- if Subsistenca mediately restore or condemn the said Slaves* by Decree having the not furnished. Force and Effect of a definitive Sentence, but shall direct flirther Slave# delivered Proof to be made in the Cause, whereby the Restitution or Chn- up' denmation shall be deferred, and the Person claiming any Right or Property in or the Possession of the said Slaves, shall not have flip-plied, or at any time pending Proceedings in that Court shall refuse or neglect to supply proper Food and Necessaries for the said Slaves, it (haB be lawful for the Court to direct a Valuation to be made of such Slaves* and to decree such Slaves, after such Valuation bad and 3 M 3 approved

r 1

J

902

C.I72. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815

approved by the Court, to be delivered over to such Officer or Perfo: as may be appointed by His Majesty to receive Slaves condemned ti His Majesty's Use, according to the Provisions of an Act passed ii 47 G.$, SelT. 1. the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for c'3'the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and the same shall be dealt with an<

treated in all respects according to the Provisions of the said Act Exception. faveand except that the Bounty shall not be due or payable for fuel Slaves but in the Event of final Condemnation according to the Provisions of the said Act.

Restitution

III. And be it further enacted, That if on further Proof the

made for Slaves. Slaves shall be decreed to be restored, and there be no Appeal, and the said Slaves shall have been delivered over as above directed, Restitution shall be made in the Value of the said Slaves, according to the Valuation as above directed, together with Interest thereon, such Sums being deduced therefrom as may have been expended-for the Support and Maintenance of the said Slaves by the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, as before directed, and shall remain unpaid; and the Value so adjusted shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, in the same manner as Bounties are now paid for 47 0.3. Self. 1. Slaves condemned to His Majesty's Use under the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, on the Production of the official Copy of the Sentence of Restitution, with the Valuation endorsed thereon by the Registrar of the said Court or his Deputy.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which there shall have been a Decree, having the Force and Effect of a Definitive Sentence, restoring or condemning the said Slaves, and the same shall be fafpended by Appeal, it shall be lawful for the Court, notwithstanding such Appeal, and it is hereby required, to proceed forthwith to direct the Slaves so detained, to be valued as above directed; and after such Valuation had and approved by the Court, to be delivered over to such Officer or Person as may be appointed to receive Slaves condemned to His Majesty's Use, according to the 47 G. 3. SertT. x. Provisions of the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of c. 36. 8. His Majesty's Reign, as if the same had been finally condemned to His Majesty; and such Slaves shall be treated and dealt with, in all respects, in the same manner as if they had been finally condemned Exception. to His Majesty; save and except that the Bounties shall not be due or payable thereon but in the Event of final Condemnation to His Majesty, according to the Provisions of the said Act.

In cases of Ap- V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which such

yeal, Restitution slaves shall be finally restored in the Court of Appeal, Restitution in" Value shall be made, for the Use of the Claimant or Proprietor thereof, according to the Valuation made as above directed, subject always to Revtfion in the Court of Appeal, together with Interest thereon, such Sums being deducted therefrom as may hive been expended for the Support and Maintenance of the said Slaves by the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, as above directed; and the Value so adjusted shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, in the same manner as Bounties are directed to be paid for Slaves condemned to His Majesty under the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, on the Production of an official Copy oPthe final Sentence of Restitution, with the Vtlu-..., adon

maae waen Property restored.

\7 G. 3. Se(T. 1.

36. 8-

c. 36. 8.

Restitution in Value made with Interest, and paid as Bounties.

Sawl

rah?

Acs

iit

{die;

fit

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 172, 173.

atioa of the said Slaves endorsed thereon by the Registrar of the said Court or his Deputy.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said Courts, or any of them, having Jurisdiction in the principal Cause, from adjudging and decreeing the Captors, Seizors or Prosecutor9 in any such Cause as aforesaid, to pay out of their own proper Monies, in addition to the Restitution in Value directed to be made as aforesaid, such further Sums in the nature of Colls or Damages, as the said Court shall decree, where it shall appear to such Court that the Capture, Seizure or Prosecution, or the Appeal thereon on the behalf of the Captor, Seizor or Prosecutor, shall not be justified by the circrxnltances of the case.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Disposal of Slaves condemned to His Majesty's Use, and for the Payment of Bounty thereon, in cases of Capture by Ships of War or Privateers, shall be applied to all cases of Slaves captured or seized and condemned as Prize of War, during the last War, or that may hereafter be captured, seized or condemned as aforesaid, or otherwise forfeited, or liable to Forfeiture to His Majesty, or subject to condemnation, by any Law whatsoever.

CAP. CLXXIIt.

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS jt w^i to the Security of Trade to prevent

Ships failing without Convoy, except in certain cases May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects (except as is herein after provided) to fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever, unless under the Convoy and Protection of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels as shall or may be appointed for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart under the Protection of Convoy, shall and is hereby required to use his utmost Endeavours to continue with such Convoy during the whole of the Voyage, or during such Part thereof, as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and protest such Ship or Vessel, and shall not wilfully separate or depart therefrom upon any Pretence whatever, without Order or Leave for that Purpose from the Officer^having the Command of such Convoy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall, contrary to the Directions contained in this Act, fail or depart from any Port or Place whatever (except as herein|fter is provided)

3 M 4

903

Captors liable to Cods and Damages notwithstanding Restitution.

Provisions of 47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 36. extended to Act.

Vessels not to fail from any Port without Convoy;

nor wilfully separate from Convoy without Leave.

Matters of Vessels acting con* trory to Direo-tions of Act.

i

J

94- C. 173. GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

[Penalty.]

If Cargo confjils of Naval or Military Stores.

[Penalty.]

Penalty mitigated.

Insurance* void in certain cases.

[Penalty.]

Bond taken \ from Matters Vessels not to J fail or depart -j without Convoy^

without such Convoy as shall be appointed for that Purpose, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy, without Leave obtained from the Captain or other Officer in His Majesty's Navy entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Port or Place of her Destination, or so far on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel, every such Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and in case the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel shall coniift of Naval or Military Stores, every Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel so loaden with Naval or Military Stores, who shall fail or depart without such Convoy as aforesaid, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy without Leave obtained as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Court out of which the Record for the Trial of any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any such Penalty shall issue, to mitigate or lessen the same as the said Court in their Discretion shall think fit, having regard to the circumstances of the case and the Value of the Ship and Cargo, so as by such Mitigation the Penalty be made not less than Pifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall fail or depart without Convoy, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such Convoy contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every Policy of Insurance, or Contractor Agreement for any Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, laden or to be laden on board thereof, or upon any Property, Freight or other Interest arising out of the same, whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, and which shall be the Property of the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command oi such Ship or Vessel so failing without Convoy, or wilfully quitting the same, or of any Person interested in such Ship or Vessel or Cargo, who shall have directed or have been any way privy to or instrumental in causing such Ship or Vessel to fail without Convoy or wilfully separating therefrom, shall be null and void to all Iutenti and Purposes, both at Law' and in Equity, any ContraA or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; and that nothing shall be recovered thereon by the Assured for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium or Consideration in the nature of a Premium which shall have been given for such Insurance; and if any Party to such Insurance, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, any Broker, Agent or other Person, shall knowingly make or effect, or procure to be made or effected, or shall uegociate or transact any Settlement upon such Insurance, or pay or allow in Account, or agree to pay or allow in Account, or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Loss, Peril or Contingency, relative to any such Insurance, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs in Great Britain or Ireland to permit or suffer any Ship or Vessel, which is by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, to be cleared

Out-

55 GEO. III. C. 173.

M Outwards from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to Foreign 16 Parts, until the Matter or other Person haring the Charge or Com-n mand of such Ship or Vessel shall have given Bond to His Majesty, yi his Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety, in the Penaky

rt of the Value of such Ship or Vessel, which Bond shall be taken by

k the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at such Port

1 or Place, who ia hereby authorized and required to take such Security

it with Condition that such Ship or Vessel shall not fail or depart

1 without Convoy, contrary to the Directions contained in this Act,

I and shall not afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from

1 such Convoy without Leave obtained from the Captain or other I Officer in His Majesty's Navy, entrusted with the Charge of such Convoy, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Port or Place of Destination, or lo far on her Voyage as such Convoy shall be appointed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

1 this Act contained by which Ships or Vessels are required not to 1 Bail or depart without Convoy, (halt extend or be construed to extend

1 to apy Ship or Vessel which is not required to be registered by any

Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, or to any Ship or Vessel for which a Licence shall be granted to fail or depsurt without Convoy either by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by him or them or any Three or more of them for that Purpose, or to any Ship or Vessel proceeding with due Diligence to join Convoy from the Port or Place at which the same shall be cleared Outwards, in case such Convoy shall be appointed to (ail from some other Port or Place, except nevertheless as to the Bond hereby required to be taken upon the Clearance Outwards of such Ship or Vessel, or to any Ship or Vessel bound from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom to any other Port or Place within the lame.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward shall be demanded or received for any Licence granted in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. And Whereas it would not be expedient or possible to 1 appoint separate Convoys to fail from each of several contiguous ( Foreign Porta i* Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom for the time being, or any Three or more of them, whenever they shall judge*expedient for the Benefit and Security of the Trade of His Majesty' Sutyt&a, to appoint One Foreign Port or Place at which the Ships and Vessels trading from certain other Foreign Ports or Places should nimble for the Purpose of taking Convoy, to cause Notice from time to time to be given in the London and Dublin Gazette*, and also at the Custom Houses and Consular Offices of such Ports and Places in Foreign Parts, that one or more Convoy or Convoys will fail from the Ports or Places to' be named in such Notice for the Protec-l tion of the Trade of and from those Parts, and that if any Matter or scher Pbdon having the Charge or Command of any Merchant Ship

Act not to extend to Vessels not required to be registered, nor to Vessels li-cen fed by Admiralty, See.

NS Fee for Licence.

Admiralty to appoint Ports for Vessels in Foreign Pons to assemble.

jjo 6

c. 173.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18lj.

[Proviso.]

Act not to prevent Vessels from failing where no Convoy appointed, See.

or Vessel cleared out or intending to fail from any Port or Place at which such Notice shall have been so given, shall not proceed with such Ship or Vessel to such Port or Place so appointed for the Assembly of such Convoy or Convoys, and shall not use his utmost Endeavours to join and take the Benefit of such Convoy; he shall be taken and considered to have failed without Convoy contrary to this Act, and shall be liable to all Penalties and Forfeitures herein provided against Persons so failing without Convoy: Provided also, that if any Ship or Vessel not hereby required to take Convoy shall nevertheless place herself under Convoy of any of His Majesty's Ships, such Ship or Vessel shall thereafter be liable to all the Provisions of this Act.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship or Vessel failing or departing without Convoy from any Foreign Port or Place, nor to subject the Master thereof or any other Person to any of the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties or Forfeitures hereby prescribed, directed and imposed, in case there shall not be any Convoy appointed for such Ships or Vessels, nor any Person or Persons at such Foreign Port or Place, duly authorized by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to appoint Convoys for such Ships or Vessels, or to grant Licences to such Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without Convoy, or in case that such Notice as aforesaid shall not have been given of another Port or Place to which the Ships or Vessels failing from such Foreign Port or Place should proceed for the Purpose or taking Convoy.

Notice given to X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Matter of Vef- an(j for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great'f" 9VA n Britain and Ireland\ or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or such Person as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpose, to give Notice that all Mailers and other Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ships or Vessels which are by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall have on board their respective Ships or Vesseli such Flags, Vanes or other Materials as shall be necessary for the Purpose of distinguishing such Ships or Vessels, and of enabling such Mailers or other Persons to answer the Signal or Signals made by the Captain or other Officer in His Majesty's Navy entrusted with the Care of such Convoy, such Flags, Vanes or other Materials to be provided by such Master and other Persons having the Charge and Command of any Ships or Vessels which are required by this Act not to fail without Convoy, which Notice shall be inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes and transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England^ Ireland and Scotland, in order to the same being by them sent to the principal Officers of the Customs at the several Ports, for the Information of the Persons concerned, and that after such Notice no such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared Outwards, until it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Customs that the Ship is provided with such Flags, Vanes or other Materials.

fels to have on board such Flags, Slc. as necessary to answer Signals, See.

t

907

AJi A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 173.

PiJ

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, which otfHi by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy, shall ipcear be in imminent Danger of being boarded or taken Possession of by: srS the Enemy, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Cornel'. mand of such Ship shall make Signals by firing Guns or other wise, to 27 convey Information of his Danger to the Rest of the Convoy as well as nr to the Ships of War under the Protection of which he is failing; and that in case of such Ship being boarded and taken Possession of, he  shall destroy all Instructions confided to him relating to the Convoy; ' % and every Master or Person having the Charge and Command of such Vessel, who shall neglect to make such Signals, or shall wilfully neglect to make such Signals, or shall wilfully omit to destroy such j Instructions as before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, with respect to Ships or Vessels failing or depart-

5 ing without Convoy, or afterwards deferring or wilfully separating from such Convoy, shall extend or be construed to extend to anyShip or Vessel which shall fail or depart from the I Hands of

t Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or either of them, for or

on account of such Sailing or Departure on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from any other Port or Place in Europe, on or before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from any other Port or Place in the West Indies, or any other Part of America, on or before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or from any Port or Place in Africa or Asia, on or before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of all Pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, as far as the same relate to Ships or Vessels failing without Convoy, or wilfully separating or departing from such Convoy, or not proceeding to join and take the Benefit of Convoy as hereinbefore mentioned, or to Insurances, shall, if sued for within the Space of One Year from the time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred, be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform ur sue for the same within the time aforesaid, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sued for by His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, or Advocate in Scotland, in which case the whole thereof shall belong to His Majesty, and which Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, whether the Offence shall have been committed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or at Sea, or in Parts beyond the Seas, provided the Person incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be within the Jurisdiction of the Court in which such Action shall be brought at the time of the Commencement hereof, or of Service of Process upon him, and in which Action no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than. One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in Default of Prosecution within the time hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney

General

Vessels in Danger fresh Enemy, to make Signals, and in case of being boarded Instructions de-ttroyed.

[Penalty.]

Not to extend to Vessels failing from certain Places at Period herein mentioned.

Penalties how sued for and applied.

c. 173.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Consolidated

Fund.

Proceedings on Prosecutions for Penalties flopped.

Instructions to Mailers of Vessels indorsed by the Senior Officer of Convoy.

Act not carried into Execution till ordered.

Limitation #f Actions.

[General Issue.]

General in England or Ireland* or Advocate in Scotland, by Inftofr ation in die respective Courts aforesaid, in which case the whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, his Hein and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Share* of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hand* of the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customa in England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, for the time being, and shall go to and be deemed and taken as Part of the Consolidated Fundi of Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Prosecution shall be commenced by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any fHch Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General in England and Ireland> or Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to their Satisfaction respectively that such Penalty or Forfeiture wal incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to flop all further Proceedings on every such Prosecution of such Penalty or Forfeiture to which any such Person may claim to be entitled, upon such Termi nevertheless as to Costs and otherwise as any such Attorney General or Advocate shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Senior Officer of every Convoy to be appointed for the Protection of Trade shall cause to be iodorfed on a Copy of the Instructions and Orders to the respective Mailers or other Persons having the Charge or Command of the different Ships and Vessels failing under his Protection, the Days of the Month and Year when Copies of such Instructions and Orders were delivered on Board such respective Ships and Vessels, and the Names of the Person* respectively to whom the same were so delivered, and the Names of the Persons delivering the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act shall be in force until His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, shall order the same to be carried into Execution.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit

shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in purfuatice of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did anse and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Soft may plead the General Ifftte, and give this Act and the speoial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if thi Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or Jus, her qt

their Action or Suit after the Defendant or DmjhnJi Aall have aa*

or if, upon Demurrer, Judj Treble Costs. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant Costs assd have the like remedy^in my other case# to recover C Vfefieij employ-

XVIII. Provided ^ntafySk ed in Newfound- be lawful for nxT Skip of r

!uJSSmv

Convoy.

Fishny. at mtkCO

hr given against tb shall have Treble Defendant hatti

oacted, That as

(J#n the Newfoundland her Produce of the said or Pinduos of the said ifkad

55 GEO. III. C. 173, 174. 909

li; 111

A1

ifyii

IS

3

ill

a

f)

I Hand of Newfoundland, or Coast of Labrador, to fail or depart from any Port or Place within the said Island or on the said Coast (except as herein after is provided) without being accompanied with or being under the Protection of Convoy, or without a Licence having been obtained, authorizing such Ship or Vessel so to fail or depart.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing But not to exin this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow tend to Port of any Ship or Vessel to fail or depart from the Port of Saint John's in Sl- John'*-the said Island' of Newfoundland, without being under the Protection

of CoBvoy or without Licence being ferst obtained for that Purpose, during tfaie time any Admiral or other Person duly authorized by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain* or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to grant Licences for permitting Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without being under the Protection of Convoy, shall be stationco or resident at the said Port of Saint John's.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and con- Continuance of

tiaue in force during the present Hostilities with France. Ait.

CAP. CLXXIV.

An Act to extend the Exemption granted by Law on Coals and Culm for which the Coast: Duties have been duly paid, on being again exported and carried to any other Place in this Kingdom, to Cinders or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, which has paid the Coast: Duties. |i rth July. 1 15.]

WHEREAS Coals or Culm for which the Coast Duties have

W been duly paid or secured at the Importation or Landing

thereof are by the Laws- io force exempt from the Payment of

any further Duty upon being again exported and carried to any other Place of this Kingdom; and it is expedient to extend this

Exemption to Cindero, or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, which has paid the Coast Duties; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Clnfon or 4nd after the passing of this Act, no Duty of Custome ftass be Coked Cod cau> charged or payable upon any Cinders or Coked Coals brought or MCuAnifk earned Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into any other. Foirt or Place of England'on Walts, provided it strall appear by from Pit Coal

a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comp- which paid Duty.

broiler of the Customs of the Port where the said: Cinders or

Coked Coals were taken on board, that the same and every Part

thereof were made of Pit Coal which had been brought Coafhrife

and there; landed; and that the Duties of Cufboms due and payable1 by

Last at: the time of the Importation and Landing/ thereof bad been

duly, paid to, the proper Officers of the Customs 5 but on failure to

DBoduce Inch Certificate to the Collectior and Comptrofter of the

Customs at the Landing Port as aforesaid, the fcud Cinders or Coked

Coast shall be subject and liable to dm Payment oft fuel* and the like

Duty aether mould haaw been schje&uid Habloto if this Act bad

pio

C-175-

55 GEO. III.,

A.D. 1815.

CAP. CLXXV.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals* Culm and Cinders, to London and JFcjl minster, by Inland Navigation.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow, ' until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ' eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and

Westminster, by Inland Navigation, which was continued by Two  a  3* C' 2(*' 1 Acts of the Fifty first and^ Fifty third Years of His present

53 G. 3. C. 135.

1*0

J0-3. c. xxe.

continued.

45 G. 3. c. 128.

[46 G. 3. c. 104. 41 G. 3. Self. 1. c. 34.]

48 G. 3. c. 95.

49 G. 3. c. 98.

51 G. 3. c. 9.

4*.

53 G* 3- c-135-]

54 G. 3. c.ijg.

Majesty's Reign until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and it is expedient that the Ad Should '. be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consentfof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, ' under certain Restrictions until the First Day of August One thousand

-eight hundred andfix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coal:, Culrrt

or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation,

certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought ' along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London V, than the Stone or Post thereby required to be erected and main- tained, on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction ' Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park, and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation of the

Earl of Clarendon: And Whereas the Amount of the said Duties ' was altered by Three Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and

Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And

Whereas by Schedule (A) annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ' ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, other Duties ' are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of ' Coals, Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Regulations and, Restrictions, of the said first recited Act? And Whereas the said recited Acts were further continued by Two Acts of the Fifty ' first and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty until the First '; Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And

Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continned Be it therefore enacted, That the said first recited Act dt tftte Forty fifth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ' fofir it tfce famerektes to tb* Conditions, Regulations and'1 under which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm

I A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 175, 176.

and the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same are hereby further ! continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred

and sixteen.

CAP. CLXXVI.

1. An Act for allowing certain Tiles to be made Duty free to

r serve for Draining.

[1 ith July 1815.]

' ' TTT WHEREAS Tiles bent into the Semi-elliptical Form pre-

W scribed by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, or as

nearly into the said Form as may be, made free of Duty, for the

Sole Purpose of draining wet or marfliy Land, frequently require

an horizontal Foundation or support made of Stone, Brick or Tile

to prevent the Edges of such Draining Tiles from sinking down

into the wet or marshy Land in which they are laid for draining the same; and it is therefore expedient to allow such Flat Tiles as ' are herein after mentioned, made for the sole Purpose of serving

for the Foundations or Support of such Draining Tiles, to be 1 made free of Duty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever, to make, for the sole Purpose of serving for the Foundations or Support of Tiles bent into the Semi-elliptical Form prescribed by the said Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, or as nearly into the said Form as may be, and of the Dimensions and Lengths allowed by the said Act and another Act made in the Forty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to be used for the Purpose of Draining wet or marfliy Lands, flat Tiles not exceeding One Inch in Thickness, each thereof having at one End a semicircular Projection, and at the other a Semicircular Arch or Indent, such Projection and Arch being Portions of Circles of equal Diameters, and each such Tile being also not less than Nine Inches in Length and not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth, such Flat Tiles being also perforated with circular Holes, each thereof being not less than Two Inches in Diameter, and the Sum of the Areas of such Holes in each such Flat Tile amounting to not less than a Quarter Part of the Surface or superficial Content of such Flat Tile, and no such flat Tile being fit or proper for the Purpose of being used in Building, or in the Roof or Covering of any House, Shed or other Building whatever, without being charged or chargeable with any Duty for or in respect of such Flat Tiles; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

further as to Draining Titles, 46 G.3. r. 138. f3 4*1

pi I

49 G. 3 c. 98.

Sch (A.) Coastwise, continued.

34 G. j. c. 15.

Tiles may be made of a certain Constru&ioa to serve for Draiuing, Dutyfree.

4* G. 3. C. 9J.  aa.

C.I77.

55 GEO. III.

Ajy.tSij,

Makers to yve Notice to Officer of Excise before Sweets drawn off, and to slate Quantity.

NegleSing.

[Penalty.]

Makers not subject to Penalty for not specifying Quantity in

CAP. CLXXVD.

An Act for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Manufacture of Sweets.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the Laws in force for the Prevention thereof, Makers of Sweets for Sale when they have Occasion to fend or deliver Sweets to their Customers, do ' from time to time draw and take the same from their Steeps of

Sweets containing greater Quantities than the Quantities so sent or ' delivered, and having so done, do immediately make Quantities of

new Sweets equal and answerable to such Quantities so sent or delivered, and do then put in or mix such new Sweets to and with the

remaining Part and Parts of such their Sweets in the Steep, all

which being frequently done and performed without the lead Privity

or Knowledge of the Officers of Excise, who should make Charges of the Duties for and in respect of such new Sweets so made as

aforesaid, they the said Officers of Excise for the Want of Disco- very and due Notice thereof, neither do or can make such Charges, ' whereby His Majesty is very much defrauded of and in his Duties upon Sweets j' For the Prevention whereof, be it therefore enactei: by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight Hundred and fifteen, all and every Maker and Makers of Sweets or Made Wines for Sale shall, before he, file or they shall begin to draw off any Sweets or Made Wine from any Steep, or from any Vessel or Utensil in which the same shall have been made or manufactured, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be. Six Hours' Notice in Writing within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and Twelve Hours' Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her or their Intention so to draw off any Sweets or Made Wine; and of the time when and the particular Steep, Vessel or Utensil from or out of which such Sweets or Made Wine shall be intended to be drawn off, and the Quantity thereof; and such Officer shall, if he shall deem it expedient so to do, attend to fee such Sweets or Made Wine so drawn off; and if such Officer shall attend for that Purpose, all such Sweets or Made Wine shall at the time specified in such Notice be, with all due Diligence and Difpitch, drawn off in the Presence of such Officer; and if any such Maker or Makers shall draw off any Sweets or Made Wine without giving such Notice as is in that behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, or shall neglect or refuse to draw off with all due Diligence and Dispatch, such Sweets or Made Wine on such Officer's Attendance, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all such Sweets or Made Wine drawn off without such Notice having been given as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Maker or Makers of Sweets or Made Wine* for Sale to the said last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture, for or by

reafou

9f3

A.D. 1815. 55o GEO. III. C. 177.

reason of his, her or their not specifying in his, her or their Notice of his, her or their Intention to draw off any Sweet or Made Wines the Quantity thereof, in case the Whole of the Sweets or Made Wines at that time contained in the Steep Vessel or Utensil mentioned in such Notice, shall under or by virtue of such Notice, be intended to be drawn off; and such Maker or Makers shall have specified in such Notice that the whole of such Sweets or Made Wines are so intended to be drawn off; and if the whole thereof shall be actually drawn off with all due Diligence and Dispatch, and the pressing out of the Remains of such Sweets or Made Wines from the Fruit tinished within the Space of Seventy two Hours at the farthest from the time of the Commencement of such drawing off 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of any Kind of Sweets or Made Wines, other than Mead, for Sale, shall fell or send out any Liquor made by Infuflon, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, in any less Quantity than in a whole Calk containing Fifteen Galions, on Pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of duguft One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, exceeding the Quantity of One hundred Galions, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Sweets or Made Wines, other than Mead, for Sale, and shall be subject to the Survey of His Majesty's Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be fucd for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Pain, Penalty or Forfeitures may be sued for, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover or sue for the same.

i w

i' 1

1*SS Ggo. III.

I

3N

Notice if whole of Quantity contained in Velfidl drawn off.

Makers not to fend oat Sweets in left Quantity than Calks of 15 Gallons. Penalty.

Having in Possession Sweets exceeding too. Gallons deemed Makers.

Penalties how levied and applied.

9X4

C. 178, 179-

SS' GEO. III.

A.D. 1&ty

CAP. CLXXVm.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experi- ence been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient

that the same should be revived and further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

43 G. 3. c.y7 Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty third rsvived andcoa- yeai, tjje Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the

more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacturee of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for Two Years from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act was by several subsequent Acts revived and further continued until the Tw " r'^

thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

revived and further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, except so much of either of the said Acts as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Importation of Brimstone used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol.

CAP. CLXXIX.

An Act to revive, amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to repeal certain Laws relating to the Allowance of Salt, Duty-free, for the North Seas and

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has, by Expect ence, been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient 41 G.3. (G.B.) % that tire same Should be revived and continued; Be it therefore c.ai.  x  x6. enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the 24  29. 32. Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Iceland Fisheries.

[nth July 1815.]

fourth and - Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen save where the same is altered by this Act), shall be and the same is hereby revived and further continued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And Whereas it is'expedient that the proportional Credit or

Allowance by the said Act prescribed should be altered, To far as the same relates to Cod, Ling or Hake, cured and preserved under. the Authority of the said Act by dry-salting in Bulk Be it the refore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there may be given for or in respect of Cod, Ling or Hake, cured and pre*. served by dry-salting in Bulk, and produced to the proper Officer of Excise in a good, wholesome and merchantable State, a Credit or Allowance not exceeding Fifty Pounds of Salt for every One hundred Weight of such Cod, Ling or Hake, so cured, preserved and produced as aforesaid: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize the making or giving any Credit or Allowance for Salt used in the salting, curing or preserving any such Cod, Ling or Hake, beyond the Quantity of Salt actually and bona fide employed and spent in the curing and preserving thereof by dry-salting in Bulk; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And, to the Intent that no Bounty may be given, granted, allowed or paid for or in respect of any such Cod, Ling or Hake, so cured or preserved by dry-salting in Bulk, be it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel in or on board of which any such, Cod, Ling or Hake, so cured or preserved by dry-salting in Bulk, shall be imported or brought into any Port in Great Britain, in which the same are intended to be unshipped, landed or put on Shore, or the Owner or Proprietor of such Cod, Ling or Hake shall, on the unshipping or landing thereof, and before the same shall be removed from the Shore, cut off in the Presence and to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of Excise, Part of the Tail of all such Cod, Ling or Hake; and in case any such Cod, Ling or Hake shall he removed from the Shore before the Part of the Tail thereof shall he so cut off in manner aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and the Master of the said Vessel, or the Owner or Proprietor of such Cod, Ling or Hake so removed, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that an Act made in the

Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Artru, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use offor the curing of Fish taken at North Seas, dr at Iceland; and also that so much and such Parts of an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement (if the BritishrFi/beries, as beremaster mentioned, should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also so much and such Parts of the said Act made in the faii Twenty.fifth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the taking from any Salt Works or Salt Pits British Salt for the felting ox curing of Fish without paying any Duty for the same, and

41G. 3. (G. BO c. 21.  iz.

Allowance given for every Cwt. of Cod, fcc.

No Bounty allowed on Cod, &c. so cured.

Part of Tails cut off in Presence of Officer on, landing.

[Penalty.]

12 Ann. StaL 2, c. 2.

2j G. 3. c .65. 7, 8. 10  13.

repealed.

PI(S c. 179. JJ" GEO. rn. A.D. 18ij.

the Provisions of the said Act for the Prevention of Frauds relating to such Salt, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

Act 41 Geo. 3. (G.B.) c. au

41 H,. 3. (G. B.) ( WHEREAS in order to procure a large Supply 6f good and whoh> c'21' 1 same Fish, it is expedient to allow Salt to be used, Dutyfree, for

a limited time, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Herrings,

Pilchards, Mac hard, and all other Kinds or Species of whole-

some Fish, either in Bulk, or in Barrels; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

In what Pro- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, taken on board during the Continuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person Duty-free, for*or Persons who shall catch or take, or purchase and cure or preferoe curing fish. any Herrings, Pilchards, Mackarel, or any other Kind or Species of wholesome Fish, or who shall Jit out any Vessel for such Purpose, or to take and ship on hoard his or their Vessel, from his or their own Stock of Salt, or from the Stock of Salt of any other Fish Curer, of whom such Person or Persons shall purchase, or with whom he or they shall contract for Salt, any Quantity of Salt, Duty-free, that shall be deemed necessary for curing or preferring the Fish which may he cxpeScd to be taken or fur chased in the Trip or Voyage in or upon which he or they shall immediately intend to dfpatch or employ his or their Vessel t Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall fte allowed to ship or have on board any Vessel, at any thus, any greater or larger Quantity of Salt, than in the Proportion of Ten Bushels for every Ton Burthen, by Admeasurement of the Vessel in or Before Salt re- on board of which such Salt shall be taken or flipped: Provided also, ceived, Duty- f/jat before any Person or Persons whatever shall ftceive into his or a^Excif^Office* their Custody or Possession, or take or ship on board any Vessel or of Name of Vessels, any Quantity of Salt, free of Duty, for the Purpose of falling, Party,c. and curing or preserving Fish, such Person or Persons shall make Entry Bond given for in Writing at the next Office of Excise, of his or their Name or Names, for SJtT>0nlin* an^lace or Flaces of Abode, and of the Number and Situation of every Warehouse, which he or they shall intend to make use of forth' keeping or Jloring of Salt, and shall also give Bond or Security (a) to be approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, that he or they will duly account (4) with the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, for all the Salt which he or they shall at any time take, ship, receive or have on board his or their Vr/Jel or Vrffels, for the Purpose of salting, curing or preserving of Fiji, and that such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall be fairly and bona fide employed, spent and consumed, in salting, curing or preserving of Fiji as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warehouse entered for the keeping or Jloring of Salt, Duty-free, from whence the same was taken; and that no Part of such Salt, so taken, shipped, received or had on board any such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, shall be fraudulently sold or disposed of, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of _ tih A3. (a) 51 G.y c. 82, y 7.]

A.D. 1815.5* GEO. III. C. 17p.

II. And be it further emitted. That all and every Persons or Person intending to ship any such Salt for the Purpose aforesaid, shall give to the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place from <whence such Salt shall be taken and flipped, a Notice in Writing /pacifying his or their Name or Names, the Name of the Vessel on board which the Salt is intended to be flipped, the Name of the Master thereof, the Burthen or Tonnage of such Vessel, the Place to which such Vessel is bound, the particular Sorts or Species of Fish expected to be taken or p\trchased and cured, and the exati and true Quantity and Species of Salt intended to I e flipped or put on board such Vesseh

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any known and entered Fiji Curer or Fiji Curers, to deliver any Part of his Stock of Salt, Duty-free, into the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons who flail have made Entry and given Bond or Security, in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this A Cl, for taking, or burchafing and curing or preserving Fish: Provided always, that such Salt shall be delivered under, subjeB and according to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions provided and prescribed by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of ll'u present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, am} for other Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Salt shall have been flipped or taken on board any Vessel for the Purpose of furing or preserving Fiji) as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of Excise to whom the Notice of flipping such Salt shall have been delivered as aforesaid, and such Officer is hereby authorized and required to give and grant to the Owner, Proprietor or Master of fuel Vffiel, a Certificate specifying the Name of the Vessel and of the Mqjler thereof, the Tonnage or Burthen of such Vessel, the Quantity and Species of Salt taken, had or received on board such Vessel, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons from whose Stock of Salt the same was taken andflipped, the Place from whence taken and

flipped, the time when flipped, and the Place to which the Vessel on board which the same shall be so flipped is bound.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Master of any Vessel on board which any Salt shall be so taken or flipped as aforesaid, shall unship or unlade, or cause or procure to be unshipped or ur.laden, or wilfully or knowingly permit or fujffier to be unshipped or unladen, any Part of any Cargo of salted or cured Fiji, except at some lawful Quay within the Kingdom of Great Britain, le, Jbe or they, flail forfeit for every such Offence, (be Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VE And be it further enacted, That within Twenty four Hours after any such Vessel on board of which any Salt flail have been taken or flipped as aforesaid, flail arrive at the Port of which the Cargo of such Vessel is to be unladen or delivered, the Master of such Vessel shall make Entry in Writing with the proper Officer of Excise of such Port, specifying the Quantity and Kinds or Species of salted or cured Fish of which the Cargo of such Vessel shall confiffi; that is to say,

if Herrings, the Quantity, according to the ex aft and true Number of Crans of Thirty four Gallons each, English Wine Measure, of fresh*Herrings, which were taken or received on board his Vessel; if Pilchards or Mackarel, the exact and true Number of Barrels, conffling \(f Fifty Gallons each of the like Measure, which were taken or received 3 N 3 en

9't

Persons intend-it g to IhtpSalr, to vive Notice to Excise Officer of certain Particulars.

To whom Fish Curers may deliver any Part -Stock of Sait, of Duty free.

Malt delivered under

38 G. 3, c. 89.

When Salt shipt, Excise Officer to give Certificato.

Unshipping cured Fish except at a lawful Quay.

[Penalty.]

Within 24 Hours after Arrival at Port of un (Itipping Car., o of Vessel on board of which Salt shall have been taken, Mailer to make Entry with Excite Officer, who shall go on boa rc} and exa-mnuyand grant

5

i8

C. 179.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

PermlfHon for On board fresh; and if any other Kind or Species of Pish, the txad and

'*" / Pounds Weight each, or tbt

Ws P?efcnre* "* an^true ^etS^3t of ^ish; and also the cxaS and true Quair*

Matter neglect- ciSually employed and spent in curing and preferring such

ing, See. ttf make h'ish respectively, and likewise the true Quantity of Salt which shall be

then. remaining, in or on board h'u Vessel, unused; and thereupon the'^" '* inspeS and examine all

such t'ish and Salty and Jb all grant Permission, in Writing under his

which, if required by

Entry, &c. Penalty.

or make any false Entry, or shall refuse to unlade the salted Fiji of which his Cargo shall conjijl, and to measure or weigh such Part thereof as shall be imported in Bulky in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Certificates re-

VII. And be it further enacted, Thai the Certificate which shall ceived in reipeff have been received by any such Master for or in respect of any such Salt to Excil^Officer aS aforeJai^ sholl be produced to the proper Officer of Excise by whom by whom Cargo ^ie Cargo of the VJfel on board which the Salt, for or in refbed of impeded, who which such Certificate as aforefa'tdshall have been granted, shall be in-shall, if satisfied, JpeSed, examined and taken account of $ and if such Officer shall be indorse thereon Jutifiled that the Salt specified in such Entry to have been used, shall cured^and'hnded ^ave ^een fa*rb an^ bna spent and consumed in preserving or endhQuantity of*curing the salted Fish of which the Cargo shall conjiff, according to Salt remaining; the Dire Sion s of this Act, then and in such case such Officer shall and Officer of indorse on such Certificate the true Quantity of Fish cured or pre-port from which served and landed out of such Vessel, and the exaS Quantity of Salt ive Credit for remam*ng on board; which Certificate, being produced to and left

such Salt as rtiall Pr0Pcr Officer of Excise of the Port or Place at which or from

whence the Salt to which such Certificate may have RJerence shall have been shipped or taken on board such ViJJel, such last mentioned

appear to have been used, and permit remainder to be ware-housed, &c. Certificate.

cer shall give Credit for or write off from the Account of the Person or Persons who shall Jland charged in the Books or Accounts of the Excise with such Soft, so much Salt as shall appear by the In* dorjememt of the proper Officer of Excise on such Certificate to have been actually used, spent and consumed, in curing and preserving Fish, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall permit and allow all the Salt remaining unused in or on boardfitch Vfifth to he'returned into the Warehouse from whence the same was taken, and shall write off or give Credit for the Quantity of Sait Usually Jo returned, or shall permit the same to be taken out, by arid, at tie Option of the Master or Owner of the Vessel, for curingor ptFffHiing Ftfb on his next subsequent Trip or Voyage, either' any ad-

ditional Quantity of Salt [not excrrdwg yit'th^'bhMbthe Proportion hereinbefore mentioned), as he or they shall deem necessary; and every r such Officer of Excise shall, upon such subsequent Trip or Voyage, dnJ nfon Jack Notice as is hereinbefore requ't i fitch Vessel, Jack and the like Certificate as 1

( tshuays, and be it further ehaSed^WHklfj to the proper Officer of Exctjjgft" T4 directed, the Master of the j1

a*at&04anif-----

Matters to mak* VL Oath of EntriWaW* ubau tha and that they

r

dudetfaoj'ftj

AJU

fits*?

zhtf

ter

: ?f

ias

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. ift.

(which Oaib such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to id-minister) to the Truth of such Entry, and every Part thereof, and that he has not taken or received on board his Vessel\ or included in his Entry, any Fish whatever, save and except such Fish only as hath been fairly and bona fide salted, cured and preserved, on board the Vessel of which he is the Master, nor any Fish which he has any reason to know or believe have been imported on board any other Vessel whatever; that he has not dire ft ly or indirectly fold, embezzled or fraudulently disposed of, or concealed, or conveyed away, or suffered any other Person or Persons to fell, embezzle, dispose of, or conceal or convey away, any Part of the Salt taken, shipped or laden on board his Vessel, for salting, curing or preserving Fish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all times, to go and remain on board any such Vessel as aforesaid, and to inspect, examine and take Account of all Salt, and salted Fish, and other Articles or Commodities whatsoever, in or on board such Vessel.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Quantity of salted or cured Fish actually unladed or delivered from on board any such Vessel as aforesaid in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise,

shall fall Short of the Quantity specified in such Entry as aforesaid, in the Proportion of One Part in Five of the whole Quantity specified in such Entry, that then and in such case such Entry shall be deemed and taken to be a false and untrue Entry, and the Master making the same shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Credit or Allowance for

Salt used in the salting, curing or preserving Fish, under the Directions or Authority of this Act, shall, at any time or in any case, be made or given beyond the Quantity of Salt actually and bona fide employed and spent in the salting, curing and preserving the Fish, for which such Credit or Allowance shall be claimed; nor shall any such Credit or Allowance exceed the following Proportions; that is to say, for every Cran confiding of Thirty four Galions, English Wine Measure, of Herrings, actually salted, cured, preserved and produced to the proper Officer of Excise in a good, wholesome and merchantable State, Sixty fve Pounds Weight of Salt; for every Barrel of Fifty Galions, of the like Measure, of Pilchards or Mackarel, so salted, cured, preserved and produced as aforesaid, Ninety Jive Pounds Weight of Salt; for every One hundred Weight of dll other Fish, so salted, cured, preserved and produced as aforesaid. Twenty two Pounds Weight of Salt; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, [&e 55 G, 3.

*. 179.  a.3

XII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other Credit or Allowance for Salt shall be made, given or granted, for or in respect of any Fish for which the Credit or Allowance of Salt, by this Act given or granted, shall be claimed, set off or allowed,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be givett, granted, allowed or paid for or in respect of any Fish whatever, faked, tured or preserved, under the Authority, Directions or Provisions of this Act, other than and except such Herrings as shall be cured and legally packed' as Red Herrings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel in or on board of which any salted Fish taken and cured under the v..3 N 4 Authority

9*9

but tfhat have been fairly cured on board; fcc.

Excise Officert may go on board, and take Account of Salt and salted Fish.

If Fish unladed short i-jth Part of Quantity ea* tered.

[Penalty.]

Credit or Allowance for Salt used in curing Fish not to exceed Quantities specified.

No further Allowance granted.

No Bount j given for Fish cured under Act except Red Herrings.

Mailers of Vefr feU importing &ltd fife iota

C. 179.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Pon of London, Authority and DtrcBion of this Act, shall he imported or trough and Oathwith 0rt of London, 'fi*H a^ the Entry and Oath hermbtjor Excise Officer at dircBed, with and before the proper Officer of Excise at Gravefcmi Gravesend, and and shall then and there take out and unlade into proper Boalf 01 unlade into Lighters, all his Cargo of salted Fish, in the Presence of the projxi

Officer of Excise, in the manner, according to the DircQ'ums, and subject to the Penalty in case of Neglect, ' Refusal or falfs Entry, whict is hereinbefore directed, in respect of Vessels arriving with and unlading salted Fish at any lawful Quay in Great Britain.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any P erf on or Persons whatever shall clandestinely or fraudulently conceal, embezzle, fell, dispose of, or carry or convey away, any Salt that shall be taken cr shipped on board any Vessel for the salting, curing or preserving of Fish, under the Powers and Authorities by this Act given or granted, every such P erf on or Ptrfnns shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all Salt so concealed, embezzled, fold, disposecl of or carried or conveyed away, together with the Package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the fume shall and may be fsized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to take, purchase and salt and preserve Herrings in

x, ui jt.Aj-.v-- Bulk, either for the Purpose of curing the same as Red Herrings, or tion to Ireland, for immediate Exhortation to Ireland; and such Person shall be allowed like Quantity of such and the like Quantity of Salt for every Cran (coafjling oj Salt allowed as Thirty four Gallons of such Herrings) as is allowed for curing and preserving Herrings in Hulk for Home Consumption; provided the Master of such Vessel shall comply with and conform to the several

Boats, Cargo in hia Presence,

Concealing, He. Salt shipt for curing Hih.

[Penalty.]

Salt forfeited.

Herrings in Bulk cured a; Red Herrings, r for E x poru-

for Herrings in Bulk for Home Consumption.

Rules, Regulations and Rejlrifiion: by this Act directed; and provided also, that the Master of every Vessel intending to export Herrings in Hulk to Ireland, shall make a like Entry and Oath, with the OJfctr of Excise, at the Port nearest to which the Herrings on board his Vessel, shall have been taken, as is required by this Act to be made for or in respect of Vessels arriving with salted Fish to be landed at any Port in Great Britain, and shall permit and allow the proper Officer of Excise, to inf pc 8, examine and take Account of all such Herrings accordingly Excise Officers may take Account of Pilchards cured and pailtd " in Cu/lody of entered Fish Curer, and at Expiration of a Month " give him a Debenture of Number of Barrels.  Before such Account " taken. Owner, upon being required, shall deliver Declaration of " Number of Barrels of Pilchards in his Custody, and whether any " Debenture has been made out, or Bounty allowed. Penalty. 17. " On Production of Debenture to Collector of Excise, he shall pay u same Bounty as on Pilchards exported. 18. Officer shall brand " Barrels of which an Account shall have been taken. 19. " Altering, l5c. Marks on Barrels, lAc. Penalty. 20. Before any " Bounty paid on Pilchards, Owner to make Oath that no Bounty has lt been paid, and that they are merchantable Fish. J?2i. Such Pil- " chords may be sold for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, but " only in original Barrels, unless Jold by Retail, in less Quantity " than a Barrel. 622. No other Bounty than that given by Ad " paid for such Pilchards exported. 2$.

[Sessions 17  23. are

expired.J

icate nnrfiitriifflil

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Scturitf^tjT

o Stamp or iahen for Salt to be used or employed in curing or preserving FJh,

Bond or Cflrti*

9*1

Ul A.D. 18rf 55 GEO. III. C. 179.

itbli 't nor any Certificate made out in relation to any such Salt, shall be subjcB td'm to any Stamp Duties; any thing in this or any other A3 or ABs of '*& Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity or Re- No Fee taken by

v: 'u/ ward, shall be taken or received by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue Offi-

Revenue, for or on Pretence of preparing or making out any Bond, cers.

}isM Certificate or Permission required by this Act, or for or under any

: \xu other Account or Pretence whatever, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Pounds. Penalty.

it; .?

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forging, &c.

-s* shall counterfeit, forge or alter, or cause to be counter]cited, forged or Certificates, Sec.

altered, any Certificate in any case in which a Certificate is by this si' Ad required to be used, given or granted, or shall forge, counterfeit

tf or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited or altered any Indorse-

& ment or any such Certificate, every such Perf on so offending shall forfeit

Five hundreil Pounds. Penalt^

hf

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons Perjury.

} who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the

cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be

liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons arc liable for wil-

ful and corrupt Perjury.

f XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Obstruction

1 fans whatever shall refifi, oppose, molefi, hinder or obfiruB, any Officer Officers or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, penalty forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Cargoes ualaden for the Owners or Consignees of any such Cargo of Fish, salted or as Owners DiaU cured under the Provisions of this Act, or the Mafier of any such ]udge ProPer VJfel laden with any such Fish as aforesaid, under this Act, to dif- c^Officers).* charge and unlade, and cause to be discharged and unladen, all such Fish as aforesaid, by such Persons, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places (except as is provided by this Act with ref be 3 to the Officers of Excise), as such Owners, or Consignees, or Masters, respectively, shall judge proper; and no Person or Persons employed by any such Owner, Consignee or Mafier, in unloading any such Fish, or discharging any such Vessel, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture or subject to any Refiri3ion in respect thereof; and no Port Fee*.

Port or other Fees or Dues shall be payable or paid in respect of the unloading of any such Fish or discharging of any such Vessel; any Act or Acts, Law, Gujlom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons employed in taking or curing Fish or preparing to depart on u Voyage, or returning therefrom not impressed till October 15. 1801, u upon Certificate from Officers of Customs. 30. EXP. Bounty " granted by 38 G. 3. c.'Sg.  $>on White Herrings dif continued until October 15. 1801, $31.

[Revived and continued, 42 G. 3. .3.  I. continued, 43 G. 3. c. 39. $4.  44 G. 3. c. 35. 4. but now expired.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties, See. Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied bow recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty kc' or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any

Lav;

A.D. 1815.

ft2 C.i#, i8o, iSr. 55 GEO. III.

Law or Laws of E'xcise, vr by Action of Debt, ' Bill, Plaint or Inf on niton, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or i the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Mo'ui of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to Hu MajiJ) his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them mb will inform, discover or sue for the same,]

CAP. CLXXX.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of Julj One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of th( Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for grant, ing an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[i ith July 1815.]

46 G 3. e. no. c

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting during the Continuance of the present War, and

until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, should be revived and continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

revived and con- Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be revived, and tiimed. the same js hereby revived from the Expiration thereof, and continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fijtteeh.

CAP. CLXXXI.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on certain Seeds imported.

[nth July 1815.]

49 G. 3. c. 98.

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty should be imposed on all Seeds imported into Great Britain, except Rape, Cole, Hemp and Flax Seed, and Linseed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Duty of ajl. per Authority of the same, That, from and after the pafljogof this Cent, of present Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, Duties paid on his Heirs and Successors, upon all Seeds imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas (except Rape, Cole, Hemp and Flax Seed, and LinfeecD, an additional Duty of Customs of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the present Duties oCustpffl doe and payable thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, H&t*

Customs hereby imposed shall be collected, paid and recovered, L Duties of Customs of the like natu levied, ' collected, paid and 1 Money paid Into

III. And be it further Exchequer and thlW acfing. fttHIl the Aid

the -

nunent Duties. - 0

Seeds imported.

Duty levied as other Custom Duties.

ial Duty of !, raised, levied, like manner as any; ascertained, raffect,

V*3

H A.D1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 181, 182, 183,

1 fUn to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at ?!at Westminster and shall be appropriated and-applied in the same manner i'Mt as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act failed in: dl the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ton An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof \ are directed to be appropriated and applied.

lv CAP. CLXXXII.

An Act to authorize the Directors General of Inland Navigation in Ireland to proceed in carrying on and completing

i the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon,

j: [1 ith July 1815.]

CAP. CLXXXIII.

& An Act to repeal the Bounties payable in Ireland on the Exportation of certain Calicoes and Cottons.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His

' W present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to |*His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand

{*eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow

certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former

Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and by the Schedule

marked (E.) to the said Act annexed, certain Bounties and Allowances were made payable on the Exportation from Ireland of all printed, painted, stained, damped or dyed Calico or Cotton, or

Cotton mixed with Linen, of the Breadth of Twenty five Inches 1 or more, as in the said Act and the said Schedule thereto annexed

is mentioned, specified and contained; and it is expedient that the said Bounties and Allowances should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, all the Bounties and Allowance? in and by the said recited Act and the said Schedule marked (E.) thereto annexed, specified, and thereby granted, allowed and made payable, upon the Exportation from Ireland of any printed, painted, stained, stamped or dyed Calico or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen as aforesaid, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and shall no longer be paid or payable; any thing in the said recited Act, or the said Schedule thereto annexed* or in any other Act or Acts in force in Irelandf to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

49 G. 3. c. 98. 46.

See 55 G. 3. c. 101.

45 G. 3. c. 18.

; Sch. (E.)

in part repealed.

J

9*4

C.i$4

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1811.

Duties granted by 48 G. 3. C. 149.

44 G. 3. C. 98. Sch. (A.)

50 G. 3. c. JJ.

44 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. (B.)tmde to cease. Exceptions.

CAP. CLXXXIV.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Pro ceedings, and other written or printed Inflruraents, and tin Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies and Succession to Personal Estate upon Inteftacies, now payable in Gm Britain i and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ilthJft/yiSij

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant certain additional Stamp

Duties towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expence3, and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be equal to the incivafed annual Charge, occasioned by the Funding of Exchequer Bills, and by any Loan made pursuant to any Act or Acts passed or to be passed for that Purpose, in this Session of Parliament; and it is also expedient to consolidate the additional with the existing

Duties; We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The Kingj^loll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of We Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Duties granted by the Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Succejions to Personal Estate upon Inteftacies, now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Dufies in lieu thereof; and also the Duties on Licences for using and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, granted by the Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal

the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new additional Duties in lieu thereof; and also the Duties

franted by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Leign, on Policies of Insurance of Property in the Wft Indies or else where beyond the Seas, from Loss by Fire; shall cease and determine from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand (tight hundred and fifteen; and that the yearly Per Centqga Doty on insurances from Loss by Fire granted by the find Act, Rafted in the 'Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall cease lid determine irora and after the Twenty eighth Day of September <ppe thousand eight hundred and fifteen; save and except such of the said respecthre J)uties, or so much and such Part or Parts thereof rcfipeftively, as Jail have become due or payable before or upon those Days, and Ll : n in arrear or unpaid afterwards; and also save and except ft) and such Part or Parts as shall remain to be paid of any Dot* respect of Legacies given, by way of Annuity, 0* ' lue thereof cannot be ascertained at once where liball hart been paid, cr

*5b GEO. III. C.t84. 9i$

the said Thirty first Day of dugujl; all which Duties or Parts of Duties so in arrear or remaining to be paid as aforesaid, shall be recoverable by the same ways and means, aird with such and the same Penalties, and in such and the same manner, in all respects, as if 331 this Act had not been made.

sift

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied Duties specified, !; and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-n Schedule 1n-

a fors, in and throughout the Whole of Great Britain, for and in nexed cvie*

. respect of the several Instruments, Matters and Things, mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed (except those (landing under the Head of Exemptions) or for or in respect of the & Vellum, Parchftient or Paper, upon which such Instruments, Mat-

i* ters and Things or any of them shall be written or printed, the

f several Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against the

\t fame respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the same

r* Schedule j and that the yearly Per Cent age Duty on Insurances from Duties when ta

Loss by Fire therein mentioned, shall commence and take place commence*

from and after the Twenty eighth Day of September One thousand

i eight hundred and fifteen; and that all the other Duties therein Schedule deem-

mentioned, shall commence and take place from and after the Thirty cd*a, lf Ad.

first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the said Schedule, and all the Provisions, Regulations and Direction therein contained, with respect to the said Duties, and the Instruments, Matters and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, and shall be read and construed a3 if the same had been inserted hereinat this Place, and shall be applied, observed and put in Execution accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted, Dnticsunder shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for Management of the time being appointed and authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs Or Successors, to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment are pVcrride and Paper in Great Britain; which said Commissioners (who shall Stamps, cc. be called "The Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain") and (he major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the several Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof in the case of Per Centage Duties (except those on Legacies and Sttcceflions to Personal Estate, and the yearly Duties on Fire Insurances) upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and for expressing and denoting the Rate per Cent. of the Legacy Duties upon the Receipts and Discharges to be given for Legacies and Shares of Personal Estate, and for otherwise denoting dr testifying the Payment of any Duty or Duties hereby granted, where necessary; and to alter and renew such Stamps or Die3 from time to time as Occasion shall require; and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be deemed necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

- IV. And

C. 1&4.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Pper,tc. stamp.d with former Duties used for Instru-menrs charged with Duties of same Amount.

Old Stamps used

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fji l Commissioners to use any of the Stamps or Dies heretofore provide

or more Stamps to denote any former Stamp Duties, for the Purpose of expressinj to denote one - 3nd denoting any of the Duties hereby granted of the same Amount Duty, till single and also to use Two or more Stamps or Dies for denoting tb Sump provided. Amount of any One Duty hereby granted, as Occasion may require until a single Stamp or Die shall be provided for that Purpose j act that all Instruments which shall be stamped with Two or mort Stamps, for denoting the Amount of any single Duty charged 01 chargeable thereon, shall be as valid as if the same had been stamped Stamps hearing with a single Stamp for denoting such Duty; but no Stamp appro-any priated to denote the Duty charged on any particular Indrumeot, and not uVed. rument bearing the Name of such Instrument on the Face thereof, shall be used for denoting any other Duty of the same Amount, or if so used, the same shall be of no Avail.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue for the supply of the Country, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall have been stamped far denoting any Duties hereby repealed, to be used for any of the Instruments hereby charged with Duties of the same Amount, and also, if deemed expedient, to cause any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be Stamped with any additional Stamp or Stamps, fin order to make up the Amount of the increased Duty hereby charged on any of the Instruments for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, shall have been originally intended, and thereupon to issue the same to be used for such Instruments, or for any other Instruments charged with the same Amount of Duty; and it shall also be lawful for any Persons having in their Possessions any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damned with any of the Duties repealed by this Act, or by the aforesaid Act of the Forty fourth or Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and not already made use of, to use the same for any of the Instru-

____|_____ ments hereby charged with Duties of the same Amount: Provided

bearing Nam eof always, that no Vellum, Parchment or Paper, bearing a Stamp ap-bistrument. propriated by Name to any particular Instrument, shall be used for any other Purpose, or if so used, the same shall be of no Avail.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persona having in their Possession any Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not made use of, and which by the Operation of this Act shall have been rendered untit for the Instruments for which the same was originally designed, to fend the same to the Head Office of Stamps, at any time within Twelve Calendar Months from the said Thirty first Day of August, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be cancelled, and to deliver out in lieu thereof other Stamps of the same Kind and Description, as near as may be, and of equal Value on the Whole yrith the Stamps so returned; or otherwise at their Discretion to causeny additional Stamp or Stamps to be impressed on any such VcJIkq, Parchment or Paper, to make up the full Amount of the Duty ifereby charged on the Instruments for which the same was designed, on Payment of the Duty or Duties denoted by such additional Stamp or Stamps,

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or county any Stamp or Die, or any Part or Dir

WfMheii provided, made or i - '

Except Stamps

Stamped Paper flee, rendered useless by Ail, exchanged or additional'Sumps.

Forging, &c. Sumps, &c.

il A.D. 18r$.

55 GEO. III. C. 1^4.

9*7

pursuance of any former Act or Acts, relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression or any Part of the Impression of any such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or shall (lamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with any such forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or Part of any Stamp or Die as aforesaid*with Intent to defraud His Majesty, hi* Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall utter or sell or expose to Sale any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having thereupon the Impressioa of any such forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or Part of any Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression or Part of Impression as aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled; or if any Person shall privately and secretly use any Stamp or Die which shall have been lo provided, made or used as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties or apy Part thereof; or if any Person shall fraudulently cut, tear or get off, or cause or procure to be cut, torn or got off, the Impression of any Stamp or Die which shall have been provided, made or used in pursuance of this or any former Act, for expressing or denoting any Duty or Duties under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Part of such Duty or Duties, from any Vellum, Parchment or Paper whatsoever, with Intent to use the same for or upon any other Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any In-ftryroent or Writing charged or chargeable with any of the Duties hereby granted; then and in every such case every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting or amfting any Person or Persons in committing any such Offence as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

[&r 52 G. 3. c. 143. #7.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, ProvisionB, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in and imposed by the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties hereby repealed, and the several Acts of Parliament relating to any prior Duties of the same Kind or Description, shall be of full force and effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and to the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, Instruments, Matters and Things, charged or chargeable therewith, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and other wise relating thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by, and shall be confident with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions and Regulations of former Acts relating to Agreements, shall be applied only tp such Agreements as are hereby charged with a Duty of One Found; and that the Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of

One

Death.

Powers, See. at former Aits extended to

Provisions of former Act, rej spefling Agreements, applied ouly to those charged with zl.

by

C. 184.

5j0E0. HL

AlB.iSij,

valid. Exception,

Making, &c. Bills of Exchange, Sec- not duly stamped.

Penalty,

Pod dating Bills

One Pound Fifteen Shillings shall be subjefband liable to the same Provisions and Regulations as Deeds hereby charged with a like Duty.

Instruments X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faffing

Stamps^hut of t^l's I"strument$ for or upon which any Stamp or Stamps

sufficient Value, ^ave been u^ec^ an improper Denomination or Rate erf Duty, but of equal or greater Value in the whole with or than the Stamp or Stamps which ought regularly to have been used thereon, '- shall nevertheless be deemed valid and effectual in the Law; except in cases where the Stamp, or Stamps used on such Instruments shall have been sperially appropriated to any other Instrument, by having its Name on the Face thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, sign or issue, or cause to be made, fsgoed or ifhied, or shall accept or pay, or cause or permit to be accepted or paid, any Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order, 1 or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, liable to any of the Dudes imposed by this Act, without the same being duly stamped for denoting the Duty hereby charged thereon, he, she or they shall, for every such Bill, Draft, Order or Note, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons of Exchange, See. shall make and issue, or cause to be made and ifhied, any Bill of

Exchange, Draft or Order, or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, at any time after Date or Sight, which shall bear Date subsequent to the Day on which it shall be issued, so that k shall not in fad become payable in Two Months, if made payable after Date, or in Sixty Days, if made payable after Sight, next after the Day on which it shall be issued, unless the famd shall be stamped for denoting the Duty hereby imposed on a Bill of Exchange and Promissory Note for the Payment of Money at any time exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, he, she or they shall, for every such Bill, Draft, Order or Note, forfeit the Slim of

One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And, for the more effectually preventing of Frauds and Evasions of the Dirties hereby granted on Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, under Colour of the Exemption in favour of Drafts or Orders upon Bankers or Periods acting as Bankers, contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, make itid issue, or cause to be made and issued, any Bill, Drift of Order1, for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons acting aaa B&keror Sinkers, ' which shall be dated on, any Day subsequent to fhelfcfy od which it shall be issued, or which shall not truly fp^fy^jud wpirtfs thp Place where it shall, be issued, or which- ffcM fall within the said Exemption, unless the " as a Bi}l, of Exchange according to this ' so offending shall, for every such Bill?

Sum of One hundred Pounds; and1 " knowingly receive or take any ft mei^t of or aa a Security the they {balk for every such B2J,

JtomtoS Mdifoy J

Jv

[Penalty.]

Issuing undamped Drafts on Bankers, without specifying Place where issued, or if port dated.

Penalty. Receiving, &c. such Drafts.

[Penalty.]

AM

ftrfou a

Order, U1 Sum of N: bttobi u ax trul] does not i the Bankei fltnrWi Founds, 2ci Pfflirec ibfucli baton Colors in sferfoDsi

XIV. Ai 5r % of Ik Mill f(

m h'

*0tk Bart kWPo! to Ad, ti W, U0!

MO^Jbto ashheia tl

B. And Vstlot oe

P^Suai

4joftln

Mb*

toiCr by;

gpinijl

ai

*4cfer

5 A,

or

& Iniadre

9*9

A.D. tfiij. 55 GEO. III. C. 184.

Persons aftibg as a Banker, upon whom any such Bill, Draft or Order* shall be drawn, shall pay, or cause or permit to be paid, the Sum of Money therein expressed, or any Part thereof, knowing the same to be poll dated, or knowing that the Place where it was issued is not truly specified and set forth therein, or knowing that the same does not in any other respect fall within the said Exemption, then the Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Bill, Draft or Order, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid or any Part thereof, in Account against the Person or Persons, by or for whom such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be drawn, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her or their Assignees or Creditors in case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or any other Person or Persons claiming under him, her or them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, who shall have made and issued any Promissory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, to re-issue the same from time to time after Payment thereof, as often as he, she or they shall think fit, without being liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and that all Promissory Notes, so to be rc-issued as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and as available in the Law, to all Intent* and Purposes, as they were upon the first issuing thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, which shall have been made and issued by any Bankers or other Persons in Partnership, and for which the proper Stamp Duty shall have been once paid according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed liable to the Payment of any. further Duty, although the same shall be re-issued by and as the Note of some only of the Persons who originally made and issued the; same, or by and as the Note of any One or more of the Persons who originally made and issued the same, and any other Person or Persons in Partnership with him or them jointly; nor although such Note if made payable at any other than the Place where drawn, shall be re. issued with any Alteration therein only of the House or Place at which the same shall have been at first made payable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money, winch shall have been actually and bona Jide issued and in Circulation, before or upon the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, duly stamped according to the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall then be re-issuable within the Intent and Meaning of that Act, or of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for altering, explaining and amending the said former Act, with regard to the Duties on re-issuable Promissory Notes, shall continue to be re-issuable until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, without Payment of any further Duty for the same; tmd if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall at any time aft?r the said Thirty first Day J 55 Gab. III. 39of

[Penalty.]

Protniflbry Notes to Bearer on Demand, not exceeding look re-issued by original Makers, without further Duty.

Such Notes not liihle to further DJty, though re-issued by certain Persons not ftri&Iy the original Makers.

Notes re-iflu* under 48 G 5. c. 149. or 53 O 3. c. 108. to continue re-ilTuabie till End of Three Yeai* fi om Date.

In what case Bankers issuing Protniflbry Note*.

93*

C. 184.

55 Geo. in.

[Penalty.]

Notes with printed Dates,

of August, issue or caafe to be ifitted for the first time, any Prttniffory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, bearing Date before or upon that Day, he, she or they, shall, for every such Promissory Note, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and, in regard that certain Banker* in Scotlandhave issued Promissory Notes for the Payment to the Bearef on Demand, of a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, with the Dates thereof printed therein, and many such Notes have been but recently issued for the First time, although they maj appear by the Date to be of more than Three Years' Handing, be it further enacted, That all such Promissory Notes as last mentioned, 1813re-iflliaWe w^ch ^all have ^een actually and bona Jidc issued and in Circulation till Aug. 31. before or upon the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand 1816. etght hundred and fifteen duly stamped according to the said Act of

48 G. 3. c. 149' the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and which shall bear a printed Date prior to the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall continue to be re-issuable until the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and /ixteen, but not afterwards, without Payment of any further Duty for the same; and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall at any time after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, issue or cause to be issued, for the First time, any such Promissory Note, bearing a printed Date prior to the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, he or they mall for every Promissory Note so issued, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, to issue any Promissory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, liable to any of the Duties imposed by this Atft, with the Date printed therein; and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall issue or cause to be issued any such Promissory Note with the Date printed therein, he or they shall, for Penalty. every Promissory Note so issued, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Notes re-issuable

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes for limited Pe- hereby allowed to continue re-issuable for a limited Period, but not nod cancelled afterwards, shall upon the Payment thereof at any time after the Afterwards^nd Expiration of such Period, and all Promissory Notes, Bills of Ex-Notes not re- change, Drafts or Orders for Money, not hereby allowed to be re* j{friable, cancel- issued, shall, upon any Payment thereof, be deemed and taken respect*

Jed immediately jVely to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated and satisfied, and' on Payment. shall be no longer negotiable or available in any manner whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by the Person or Persons paying the same; and if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cause or permit to be re-issued, any Promissory Note hereby allowed to be re-issued for a limited Period as aforesaid, at any time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons shall re-issue or cause or permit to be re-issued any Promissory^ Note, Bill of Exchange, Draft or Order for Money, not herein allowed to be re-issued at any time after the Payment thereof; Ot if any Person or Persons paying or causing to be paid any such Notfb Bill, Draft or Order as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to cancel tht (Hme, aoe*<fwf to the Act, thnud.ig either of

rffuing Notes with printed Dates for first time.

[Penalty.]

Ulbing Notes in future with printed Dates.

Re-issuing Notes, &c.

Not cancelling Notes,

9J

A.D. 1815.

GEO. III.-

C.r84r>

those cases, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such:

Note, Bill, Draft or Order as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalty-

Pounds; and in case of any such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, being Re-issuing con-.

re-issued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this A A, the Person or trary to Ac*.

Persons re-issuing the same, or causing or permitting the same to be ^urt"er Cuy* '

re-issued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, for a further Duty in respect of every such

Note, Bill, Draft or Order, of such and the same Amount as would

have been chargeable thereon, in case the same had been then issued

for the first time, and so from time to time as often as the same shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and

recovered accordingly, as a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and'

Successors; and if any Person or Persons shall receive or take any Taking Notes,

such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the same to be re-issued contrary contrary to

to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, he, she or they shall, for every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes and Notes and Bills Bank Post Bills, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of Bank of Eng-of the Bank of England, from and after the said Thirty first Day of, and e*emPt August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall be freed and Stamp exempted from all the Duties hereby granted; and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to re-issue any of their Notes after Payment thereof, as often as they shall think fit.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Composition payable by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Stamp Duties on their Promissory Notes and Bank Post Bills, under

the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, 48 G. 3. c. 149. shall cease from the Fifth Day of April last; and that the said $5-roaJe to Governor and Company shall deliver to the said Commissioners of ce. e*

Stamps, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this A St, and afterwards on the First Day of May in every Year whilst the present Stamp Duties shall remain in force, a just and true Account, Account of verified by the Oath of their Chief Accountant, of the Amount Notes>Sce-or Value of all their Promissory Notes and Bank Post Bills in Circulation, on some given Day in every Week, for the Space of Three Years preceding the Sixth Day of April in the Year in which the Account shall be delivered, together with the average Amount or Value thereof according to such Account; and that the said Governor Bank of England and Company shall pay into the Hands of the Receiver General the Stamp Duties in Great Britain^ as a Composition for the Duties md*

which would otherwise have been payable for their Promissory Notes Note*, and Bank Post Bills issued within the Year, reckoning from the Fifth Day of April preceding the Delivery of the said Account, the Slim of Three thousand five hundred Pounds for every Million, and astir that Rate for Half a Million, but not for a less Sum than Half a Million, of the said average Amount or Value of their said Notes and Bank Post Bills in Circulation; and that One Half Part of the Sum so to be ascertained as aforesaid for each Year's Composition,

shall be paid on the First Day of OBobtrand the other Half on the First Day of April next after the Delivery of such Account as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That upon Composition the said Governor and Company resuming their Payments in Cam, a

3 O

Cash Pajrmeuw.

The B*nk and Royal Bank of Scotland, and British Linen Company, may issue small Notes on undamped Paper, accounting for Duties*

48 . 3. c. 149. ii6.

Re-iflliah'ie Notes not issued by Bankers or others, without Licence.

Regulations re-lpctting Licences,

C. 184. jj GEO. III. A.D. 181;

new Arrangement for the CompoOtion for the Stamp Duties, payable on their Promissory Notes and Bank Poll Bills, shall be submitted: to Parliament.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty first Day of slugujl One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it (KaU be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the British Linen Company in Scotland respectively, to issue their Promissory Notes for the Sums of One Pound, One Guinea, Two Pounds and Two Guineas, payable j to the Bearer on Demand, on undamped Paper, in the same manner

as they were authorized to do by the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign 5 they the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Bank of Scotlarul, and British Linen Company, respectively giving such Security, and keeping and producing true Accounts of all the Notea so to be issued by them respectively, and accounting for and paying the several Duties payable in respect of such Notes, in such and the same manner, in all respects, as is and are prescribed and required by the said last mentioned Act, with regard to the Notes thereby allowed to be issued by them on undamped Paper, and also to re-issue such Promissory Notes respectively, from time to time after the Payment thereof, as often as they shall think fit.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of OBolcr One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England), to issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to the Bearer on Demand, hereby charged with a Duty and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without taking out a Licence yearly for that Purpose; which Licence shall be granted by Two or more of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, or by some Person authorized in that behalf by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, on Payment of the Duty charged thereon in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and a separate and didinft Licence shall be taken out, for or in respect of every Town or Place where any such Promissory Notes shall be issued by, or by any Agent or Agents for or oh account of, any Banker or Bankers or other Person or Persons; and every such Licence shall specify the proper Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons, or the proper Name and Description of any Body Corporate, to whom the same shall be granted, and also the Name of the Town or Place where, and the Name of the Bank, as well as the Partnership, or other Name, Style or Firm under which such Notes are to be issued; and where any such Licence shall be granted to Persons in Partnership, the same shall specify and set forth the Names and Places of Abode of all the Persons concerned in the Partnership, whether all^their Names shall appear on the Promissory Notes to be issued by them, or not; and in Default thereof such Licence shall be absolutely void} and every such Licence which shall be granted between the Tenth Day of OBobtr and the Eleventh Day of November in any Year, shall be dated oh the Eleventh Day of 0Bober; and every such Licence, which (hill

be granted at any other time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and every such Licence respectively shall

6 have

933

Ui

isDsb;

fku'

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 184.

have Effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Tenth Day of October following, both inclusive.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Banker No Banker to or Bankers, Person or Persons, shall be obliged to take out more than take out Four Licences in ail for any Number of Towns or Places in Scotland; lhan Fur and in case any Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons shall iffne such dumber of Promissory Notes as aforesaid, by themselves or their Agents, at Towns in Scot-more than Four different Towns or Places in Scotland, then after laud., taking out Three distinct Licences for Three of such Towns or

Places, such Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons shall be entitled to have all the rest of such Towns or Places included in a Fourth Licence.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any In what case Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons applying for a Licence under several Towns this Act, would under the said Act of the Forty eighth (a) Year deluded in one of His Majesty's Reign have been entitled to have Two or more, cence* Towns or Places in England included in One Licence, if this Act

had not been made, such Banker or Bankers, Person or Persons, shall have and be entitled to the like Privilege under this Act.

(a) [48 G. 3. r. 149. #17.3

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Banker or Bankers, On applying for or other Person or Persons applying for any such Licence as aforesaid, Licences Speci-luall produce and leave with the proper Officer, a Specimen of the of Notes Promissory Notes proposed to be issued by him or them, to the e*'vere"*

Intent that the Licence may be framed accordingly 5 and if any Bluing Notes Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except the said without Licence Governor and Company of the Bank of England) shall issue or cause

to be issued by any Agent, any Promissory Note for Money payable to the Bearer on Demand, hereby charged with a Duty, and allowed to be re-issued as aforesaid, without being licensed so to do in the manner aforesaid, or at any other Town or Place, or under any other Name, Style or Firm, than shall be specified in his or their Licence, the Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons so offending,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any such Licences to con-Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Persons in Partnership, tinue in fprpt the same shall continue in force for jthe issuing of Promissory Notes notwithstanding duly stamped, under the Name, Style or Firm therein specified, until the Tenth Day of QQolcr inclusive following the Date thereof, not- P

withstanding any Alteration in the Partnership.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Promissory

passing of this Act, Promissory Notes for the Payment of Money to Notes made out the Bearer on Demand, made out of Great Britain, or purporting to ^le^urdef"6" he made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made by or on the behalf of any Person or Persons resident out of Great Britain,

/hall not be negotiable or be negotiated, or circulated or paid in Great Britain, whether the same shall be made payable in Great Britain, or not, unless the same shall have paid such Duty, and be stamped in such manner, as the Law requires for Promissory Notes of; the like Tenor and Value made in Great Britain; and if any Circulating, tec, Person or Persons shall circulate or negotiate, or offer in Payment, or such shall receive or take in Payment any such Promissory Note, or shall demand or receive Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Money mentioned in such Promissory Note, front or mi acebunt of the Drawer 3 0 3 thereof,

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Penalty, l'roviso for-Ireland.

Conveyances of Property contracted to be sold before April 12. 1808, exempted from ad valorem Duty

Rclcases, &c. of Annuit*es, &c. exempted from ad valorem Duty on Repurchale.

Duty on Fire Insurances col-leded by Companies undertaking same.

22 G.3> C. 48.

Quarterly Ac- > counts rendered by Insurance Companies, con. t si ning. certain Particulars.

thereof, in Great Britain, the Came not being duly stamped as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons in Great Britain shall pay or cause to be paid the Sum of Money expressed in any such Note, not being duly stamped as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either as Drawer thereof, or in pursuance of any Nomination or Appointment for that Purpose therein contained, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Promissory Note, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds t Provided always, that this Clause shall not extend to Promissory Notes made and payable only in Ireland.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Conveyances to be made after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, of Lands or other Property contrafted to be sold prior to the Twelfth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, which, under the Provinons of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, would have been- exempted from the ad valorem Duty thereby granted, shall be exempted from the ad valorem Duty imposed by this Act, and shall be charged with the ordinary Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings in lieu thereof, together with the Progressive Duty of One Pound Five Shillings, if any progressiv. Duty shall be chargeable thereon, under and subject nevertheless t the Conditions and Regulations prescribed by the said la ft mentioned Act.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Releases and other Conveyances of Annuities or Rent Charges made in the original Grant thereof, subject to be redeemed or repurchased, shall, on the Repurchase thereof, be exempted from the ad valorem Duty hereby imposed on Conveyances on the Sale of any Property and shall be charged only with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Ir -struments of the Uke Kind, not upon a Sale.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Per Centage Duty or Insurances against Loss by Fire granted by this Act, shall be collectet and received of and from the Persons whole Property shall be insured-for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Public-Companies or other Person or Persons licensed or who ought to be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamps, pursuant to the Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for charging a Duty on Persons tvhofe Property shall be injured against Loss by Fire, and by the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations respectively, at the time of their making, renewing or continuing of, or receiving the Premium for the Insurances in respect of which the Duty shall be payable, and for the whole Term or Period for which the Insurances shall be made, renewed or continued; and such Duty shall be accounted for and paid, over, $in the manner directed by this and the said last mentioned Act; and the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations shall be-subject to all the Provisions and Regulations of this and the said last! mentioned Act, in the same manner as any other Public Companies, except only as to the taking out of a Licence from the said Commissioners of Stamps.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Quarterly Account to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or their Officers, by the Corporations or Companies, or others insuring against Fire, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall contain a true and faithful Account

y Geogk

935

JU A.D. 1815. 55G0.in. C. 184.

in

count of alj the Policies and Infiurances which shall have been issued and made or renewed or continued* by> them, whether for a Year or for more Years than one, or for any Period exceeding or falling short of a Year, from the first to the lall Day of the Quarter (both mclusive) for which such Account shall he rendered; together with the Numbers and Dates of the Policies, the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whose Property shall be insured, the Sum or Amount of the Sums insured by each Policy, the time for which each Insurance shall be made or renewed or continued, and the Duty which shall have been received for the same; and there shall be annexed to and delivered with every such Quarterly Account, an Affidavit, or solemn Affidavit. Affirmation in the case of Quakers, made by the Secretary, or if no Secretary, by the Chief Clerk of the Corporation or Company, by whom it shall be delivered, Rating that he Has examined and checked the same with the Books of such Corporation or Company, and that to the best of his Knowledge, Information and Belief, it does contain 3 true and faithful Account of the several Matters and Things required by this Act, and also of any Allowances or Returns of Duty, in respect of time unexpired on Policies surrendered, which may be therein Rated to have been made pursuant to the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign; and for any Default 24 c -3- c-48. in the Delivery of such Account, with such Affidavit or Affirmation Account not de-thereto annexed as aforesaid, the Corporation or Company, or Person l, vered&c* or Persons making such Default, shall forfeit the Sum of Fivo Penalty, hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Public Companies Infuwmcs Com- -who shall use any other Quarter Days than those mentioned in the paniesmay mako said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, as the

Period of the Commencement or Termination of their Insurancea, ^uar-v

shall be at Liberty to make up their Quarterly Accounts to the Quarter Days used by them, and to deliver the same to the said Commissioners of Stamps or their Officers* within Two Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Quarter for which they shall be Wde up*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Companies and Country Infur--

Persons having Offices or carrying on the BtiRness of Fire Insurance ance Companies St a greater DiRance than Five Miles from London or Westminster, counts immedU shall, if required by the said Commissioneas of Stamps, transmit their ately to Commis-Quarterly Accounts, with such Affidavits or Affirmations as aforesaid sioners of thereto annexed, immediately to the said Commissioners at their Head Stamps if re-Office, and pay the Amount of the Duties due on such Quarterly <*u,?*

Accounts*, immediately to the Receiver General of the Duties under 22'*fcC*4 $e Management of the said Commissioners; and in default thereof,

shall be subject to the same Penalties as they would have been under 4he said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for not delivering their Accounts and paying the Monies due thereon,

4joaformably to the Provisions of that Ad.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance shall be Allowance to* jmdc to the Corporations or Companies, and others collecting and tlnfiinnce Com -Aceiving the said Duties hereby imposed on Infnrances againfbLof$-Pa^fgJ

Fire, and accounting for and paying over the same as required by 6 "5

mis and the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign; that is to say, to those having their Head Office im Londonan Allowance at and after the Rate of Four Pound* " -

1 39 4* t"

L

I

9Z6

[Proviso.]

Not proving Willi or taking Letters of Administntion, within a given Time

Penalties.

EccleCistical Courts not to grant Probaus or Letters of Administration, without Affidavit of Value of Effects.

Affidavit before whom made.

Such Affidavits free of bump' Duty, and trapf-mitted to Commissioners of Sumps.

Registrar

neglecting.

. 184; 55ft GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

per Centum on the Amount or the Duties collectefl and Mhfalt( such Head Office, and at and after the Rate of Five Pounds fir Centum on the Amount of the Duties collected by their Agents out of London and Westminster; and tothofe not having their Head Office in London or Westminster, an Allowance at and after the Rate of Five Pounds ber Centum on the Amount of the Duties collected by them; provided they shall deliver their Quarterly Accounts containing all the requisite Particulars, and make Payment of the said Duties, within the time prescribed by this or the said last mentioned Act.

XXXVII. And, for better securing the Duties on Probates or Wills and Letters of Administration', be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, if any Person shall take Possession of, and in any manner administer, any Part of the Personal Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, without obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, within Six Calendar Months after his or her Decease, or within Two Calendar Months after the Termination of any Suit or Dispute re. spefting the Will or the Right to Letters of Administration, if there shall be any such, which shall not be ended within Four Calendar Months after the Death of the Deceased; every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also a further Sum, at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Stamp Duty payable on the Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased.

XXXVIII. And be it further er.acted, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, no Ecclesiastical Court or Person shall grant Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, without first requiring and receiving from the Person or Persons applying for the Probate or Letters of Administration, or from some other competent Person or Persons an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers, that the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or in respect of which the Probate or Letters of Administration is or are to be granted, exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially, but including the Leasehold Estates for Years of the Deceased, whether absolute or determinable on Lives, if any, and without deducting any thing on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceased, arc under the Value of a certain Sum to be therein specified, to the best of the Deponents' or Affirmants* Knowledge, Information and Belief, in order that the proper and full Stamp Duty may be paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration; which Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made before the Surrogate or other Person who shall administer the usual Oath for the due Administration of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit or Affirmation, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners of Stamps, together with the Copy of the Will, or Extract or Account of the Letters of Administration to which it shall relate, by the Registrar or other Officer of the Court, whose Duty it shall be to transmit Copies of Wills, and Ext rafts or Accounts of Letters of Administration, to the said Commissioners for the better Collection of the Duties on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Inteftacy and if any Registrar or other Officer

whose

937

J1 G194. 55 GEO. ID. A.D. 181

M

H

tlwij

r&k

m

; [te<

!J6

r-V

33*

i*

at*

Y

a

whose Duty it shall be, shall neglect to transmit such Affidavit or Affirmation to the said Commissioners of Stamps, as hereby directed, every Person so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty-.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Proviso in case of this Act, where any Person, on applying for the Probate of a Will too high a or Letters of Administration, shall have estimated the Estate and Stamp Duty paid Effects of the Deceased to be of greater Value than the same shall 00 !>robate< have afterwards proved to be, and shall in consequence have paid too high a Stamp Duty thereon, if such Person shall produce the Probate or Letters of Administration to the said Commissioners of Stamps, within Six Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and Effetfts shall have been ascertained, and it shall be discovered that too high a Duty was first paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration, and shall deliver to them a particular Inventory and Account, and Valuation of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, verified by an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation in the case of Quakers; and if it should thereupon satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners, that a greater Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration than the Law required, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cancel and expunge the Stamp on the Probate or Letters of Administration, and to substitute another Stamp for denoting the Duty which ought to have been paid thereon, and to make an Allowance for the Difference bet ween them, as in the cases of fpo#led Stamps, or, if the Difference be considerable, to repay the same in Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing proviso in case of this Act, where any Person, on applying for the Probate of a too little Stamp Will or Letters of Administration, shall have estimated the Estate Duty rald on and Effects of the Deceased to be of less Value than the same shall Pfobat*5i&c have afterwards proved to be, and shall in consequence have paid too little Stamp Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, on Delivery to them of an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation of the Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, to cause the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, on Payment of the full Duty which ought to have been originally paid thereon in respect of such Value, and of the further Sum or Penalty payable by Law for stamping Deeds after the Execution thereof, without any Deduction or Allowance of the Stamp Duty originally paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration

Provided always, that if the Application shall be made within Six Proviso, Calendar Months after the true Value of the Estate and Effects shall he ascertained, and it shall be discovered that too little Duty was at first paid on the Probate or Letters of Administration, and if it shall appear by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Duty was paid in consequence of any Mistake or Misapprehension, or of its not being known at the time that some particular Part of the Estate and Effects belonged to the Deceased, and without any Intention of Fraud or to delay the Payment of the full and proper Duty, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit the before mentioned Penalty, and to cause the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, on Payment only of the Sum which shall be wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been at first paid thereon.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cases Administrator to of Letters of Administration on which too little Stamp Duty shall s, v? PrPfr Se*

______ have cut'V

Administration

stamped.

Executors, be. not paying full Duty on Probates, &c. in given time after Discovery of too little paid at first.

Pepaltiea.

Ecclesiafikfll Courts not to take Surrenders of Probates, be. on Ground only of wrong Duty paid.

A

55 GEO. III. A.D. 181*

have been paid at first, the said Commissionert of Stamp*, (fell not cause the lame to be duly stamped in the manner aforesaid, until the Administrator shall have given such Security to the Ecclesiastical Court or Ordinary by whom the Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as ought by Law to have been given on the granting thereof, in case the full Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased had been then ascertained, and also that the said Commissioneri of Stamps shall yearly or oftener transmit an Account of the Probates and Letters of Administration, upon which the Stamps shall have been rectified in pursuance of this Act, to the several Ecclesiastical Courts by which the same shall have been granted, together with the Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, upon which such Re&ification shall have proceeded.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where too little Duty shall have been paid on any Probate or Letters of Administration, io consequence of any Mistake or Misapprehension, or of its not being known at the time that some particular Part of the Estate and Effects belonged to the Deceased, if any Executor or Administrator acting under such Probate or Letters of Administration shall not, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or after the Discovery of the Mistake or Misapprehension, or of any Estate or Effects not known at the time to have belonged to the Deceased, apply to the said Commissioners of Stamps, ami pay what shall be wanting to make up the Duty which ought to have been paid at first on such Probate or Letters of Administration, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also a further Sum, at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Sum wanting to make up the proper Duty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, it shall hot be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Court ?r Pfcrfop to call in and reyoke, or to accept the Surrender of any Probate or Letters of Administration, on the Ground only of too high or^too low a Stamp Duty having been paid thereon, as heretofore hath been practised; and if any Ecclesiastical Court or Person shall Xo do, the Commit* iloners of Stamps shall not make any Allowance whatever for the Stamp Duty on the Probate or Letters of Administration which shall be so annulled.

1 XL V. And Whereas it has happened in the case of Letters of < Administration on which the proper Stamp Duty hath not been paid at first, that certain Debts, Chattels real or other Effects, due

or belonging to the Deceased^ have been found to be of such

great Value, that the Administrator hath not been possessed of

Money sufficient either of his own or of the Deceased to pay the

reqilifite Stamp Duty, in order to render such Letters of Admi-

migration available for the Recovery thereof by Law;. And Whereas the like may occur again, and it may also happen |that Executors or Persons entitled to take out Letters of Administration may, before obtaining Probate of the Will or Letters of Admi* ' niftr&tion of the Estate and Effects. of the Deceased,. End some

considerable Part or Parts of fheEftg|yHd^e<^s she Deceased

4 f Possession of, and

<e3l to payl^tompDi^tct^1 or Letters of Ad-Vimoiitrxtipo wlych it shall be n?ceftary to obtain be it therefore

further

9 39

Ji A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

C.l84'

bpk further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, it shall Commissioners

W41 be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, on satisfactory fStamptmay

th las Proof of the Fads by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, in any such

inaii case as aforesaid which may appear to them to require Relief, to cause batei, &c. in cer-

3 in the Probate or Letters of Administration to be duly stamped, for tain cases.

312 denoting the Duty payable or which ought originally to have been

(jd paid thereon, and to give Credit for the Duty, either upon Payment

-jj of the before mentioned Penalty, or without, in cases of Probates or

t^i Letters of Administration already obtained, and upon which too

litfle Duty shall have been paid, and either with or without Allowance of the Stamp Duty already paid thereon, as the case may require,

under the Provisions of this Act; provided in all such cases of Credit that Security be first given by the Executors or Administrators, y together with Two or more sufficient Sureties to be approved of

0 by the said Commissioners, by a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs or

jf Successors, in Doubje the Amount of the Duty, for the due and full

j, Payment of the Sum for which Credit shall be given, within Six

Calendar Months, or any less Period, and of the Interest for the

j, fame, at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the

jj Expiration of such Period until Payment thereof, in case of any De-

1 fault of Payment at the time appointed; and such Probate or Letters

t of Administration being duly stamped in the manner aforesaid, shall be

1 as valid and available as if the proper Duty had been at first paid

thereon, and the same had been stamped accordingly.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at Commissioners the Expiration of the time to be allowed for the Payment of the "I8? extend Cre-Duty on such Probate or Letters of Administration, it shall appear ^nec*fi*ry* to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the Executor or Administrator to whom such Credit shall be given as aforesaid, shall not have recovered EffeU of the Deceased to an Amount sufficient for the Payment of the Duty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such further time for the Payment thereof, and upon such Terms and Conditions as they shall think expedient.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Probates, &c. ' Probate or Letters of Administration so to be stamped on Credit ^mped on Cre-as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the said Commissioners of Stamps, and shall not be delivered up to the Executor or Admi- sioners, mm " nistrator until Payment of the Duty, together with such Interest as aforesaid, if any shall become due; but the same shall never, -theless be produced in Evidence by some Officer of the Commissioners of Stamps, at the Expence of the Executor or Administrator, as Occasion shall require.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty for which Duty for which Credit, shall be given as aforesaid, shall be a Debt to His Majesty* Credit given his Heirs or Successors, from the Personal Estate of the Deceased, ebt to ^he and <shall be paid in preference to and before any other Debt what roWD* soever due from the same Estate; and if any Executor or Administrator of the Estate of the Deceased shall pay any other Debt ia preference, thereto, be or (he shall not only be charged with and be liable to phy. the Duty out of his or her own Estate, but shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pound*; a - ?- .* >..*. Pen*by#

ther enacted, That if before Payment of Proviso in case shall be given in any such case as afore?- of Letters of'to take out Letters of Administration

I also be lawful for the said Coi*- ^ke^u^bef0i mimoners

Payment of

Duty for which Credit given.

C.I84*

55 GEO. tH.

A.D. 1815.

Directions concerning Affidavits by Executors, Sec. residing out of England,

missioners to cause such Letters of Administration de bonis non,: be duly stamped with die particular Stamp provided to be tdedoi Letters of Administration of that Kind, for denoting the Paymen of the Duty in respect of the Effects of the Deceased, on Com prior Probate or Letters of Administration of the same Effects, it such and the same manner as if the Duty had been actually paid upon having the Letters of Administration de bonis non depoiitcc with the said Commissioners, and upon having such further Security for the Payment of the Duty, as they shall think expedient; and such Letters of Administration shall be as valid and available as if the Duty for which Credit shall be given had been paid.

L. And be it further enacted, in regard to Probate of Will* and Letters of Administration, That where any Part of the Personal Estate which the Deceased was possessed of or entitled to, shall be cm Of iingwno, Ueged to have been Trust Property, if the Person or Persons who relating to Trust shall be required to make ar.y Affidavit or Affirmation relating Property. thereto, conformably to the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall resideoutof England, such Affidavit or Affirmation shall and may be made before any Person duly commissioned to take Affidavits by the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Scotland, or before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary in Ireland, or before any Judge or Civil Magistrate of any other Country or Place where the Party or Parties shall happen to reside; and every such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be as effectual as if the same had been made before a Matter in Chancery in England, pursuant to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act.

Return of Duty

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it on Probates,c. shall be proved by Oath or proper Vouchers to the Satisfaction of made in respect the said Commissioners of Stamps, that an Executor or Administrator* had paid Debts due and owing from the Deceased, and payable by

claimed in Three Years.

Law out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, to such an Amount as being deducted from the Amount or Value of the Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for or in respect of which a Probate or Letters of Administration, or a Compensation of a Testament, Ttfta-mentary or Dative, shall have been granted after the Thirty first Day of AuguR One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or which shall be included in any Inventory exhibited and recorded in a Com. miflary Court in Scotland as the Law requires, after that Day, shall reduce the same to a Sum, which, if it had been the whole gross Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects, would have occasioned a less Stamp Duty to be paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation or Inventory, than shall have been actually paid thereon under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to return the Difference, provided the same shall be claimed within Three Years after the Date of such Probate or Letters of Administration or Confirmation or the recording of such Confirmation as aforesaid; but where by reason of any Proceeding at Law or in Equity, the Debts due from the Deceased shall not have been ascertained and paid, or the Efieds of the Deceased shall hot have been recovered and made available, and in consequence thereof the Executor or Administrator shall be prevented from claiming such Return of Duty as aforesaid, within the said Term of Three Yws> it shall be lawful for the Cqjnguffioaert of jho Trwfury to

94*

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 184.

>L

sin

'45

*1

>8

a

it

to

I

I

it

il

if

If

1

t

i

1

i

allow such further time for making the Claim, as may appear to them to be reasonable under the circumstances of the case.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Affidavits and solemn Affidavit! rela-Affirmations in the case of Quakers, required by this or any former ting/" Stamp or future Act of Parliament, or which shall be required by the said Dulr, e!j, f Commissioners of Stamps, to be made for the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of and concerning any Fasts or Circumstances upon CommiUioflen, which they are to execute the Powers vested in them by this orc. any other Act* or for the Verification of any Accounts of or concerning the Duties under their Management, or for any other Purpose relating to such Duties, shall, in all cases not otherwise expressly provided for, be made before the said Commissioners or any One or more of them, or before a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary in England, or before any Person duly commissioned to take Affidavits by the Court of Session or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Scotland.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perjury.

Persons before whom any Affidavit or solemn Affirmation is or shall be required or directed to be made by this or any former or future Act of Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be and they are hereby authorized to take the same and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose; and if any Person making any such Affidavit or Affirmation shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, are subject and liable to.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing In what case contained in this or any other Act shall extend or be construed to Ginger, &c. Lo-extend, to charge with any Stamp Duties, Ginger and Peppermint Jf'?e*, and Cou* Lozenges, or any other Article of Confectionary, unless the Person ex"

vending the same shall vend the same as Medicines, or as beneficial stamps, for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment or Disorder incident to or in any wise affecting the Human Body, nor to compel the Person or Persons vending the same to take out the Licence required by Persons vending Medicines.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise Duties paid t from the Duties granted by this Act, and from the several other <^oe"

Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp "

Duties in Great Britain, who shall from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Custody, pursuant to the Act in that case made and provided; and shall thereafter pay the same (after deducting the Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the same, and all other Charges first payable thereout, and with the Exception of any Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in one Sum, at such times and in such manner as the present Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid; and C* ifolidated that the Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall be carried to Fdad* and made Part of thie Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and the same shall be apportioned in the Accounts of the Consolittated j Fund and of the Public Debt of Great Britain, in such manner as P'ft, c.x$i-full be directed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament.*1*

t

ct 184.

5$ GEO. Iff.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE.

PART THE FIRST: ning the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, &c.; on Instruments of NVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION and SECURITY for ney; on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters Things, not falling undef either of the following Heads.

PART THE SECOND: ning the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, or Proceedings in the niralty and Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the several Courts of Law and iity at Westminster, and other Courts in Great Britain, and in the Offices mging thereto, and before the Lord High Chancellor or the Lord Keeper I ^ommissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy 1 Lunacy*

PART THE THIRD: ining the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINIS^ ATION 5 on CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments, testamentary and ve; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Conunissary Courts of land; on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable ite; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estates upoti: ftacy.

PART THE FIRST.

MISSION of any Person to act as an Advocate in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the High Court of Admiralty in England; or in any of the Courts of -Justice in Scotland -

Exemption from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where an Advocate, admitted in One Court in England, shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in England; or being admitted; in one Court in Scotland, shall be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in Scotland; his latter Admission shall be free of Duty, provided he shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on his former Admission according to the Lavts then in force.

MISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Barrister it Law, in either of the Inns of Court in England; l ror the Rigifter or Entry thereof -

1ISSION of any Person to act as an AttoW^Si^: itor or Proctor, in any Court in Engkrlli&ffi*1*; sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Cleric in ^ltrk or Officer, in any Court m Bur

in<*fs and Emoluments (like those of inWllAAy dr solicitor) shall depend upon his bti^tl^ied abd

Duty. 4

. /. I

50 0 0

50 0 0

1

Zi

ft

ADMISSION  continued.

employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Perf on duly admitted an Attorney in either of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, shall he also admitted to a3 as an Attorney in any other Of the said Courts, or in any inferior Court of Law, or as a Solicitor in any Court of Equity, in England, the latter admission shall be free of Duty.

And where any Person duly admitted a Solicitor in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Westminster, or in either of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, shall hi also admitted to a3 as a Solicitor in any other of the said Courts, or in any inferior Court of Equity, or as an Attorney in any Court of Law in England, the latter Admission shall be free of Duty.

Provided such Attorney or Solicitor shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on hie former admission, according to the Laws then in force.

But m all cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the tame Person.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or Procurator, in any Court in Scotland; or as a Clerk or Officer in any Court in Scotland, whose Business and Emoluments (like those of a Solicitor) shall depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount -

And where any Person shall be admitted to act as a Solicitor, or Agent, in the Court of Session, Justiciary or Commission of Teinds. in Scotland, who shall not have served a Clerkship or Apprenticeship for Five Yearn, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor or Agent, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by

. s. d.

25 o o

iy 00

A DMIS SION  continued

Law for the same at the Date thereof; his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of -

And where any Person shall be admitted to a & as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland, the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, or any Inferior Court in Scotland, who shall not have served a Clerks ship or Apprenticeship for Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor, Agent or Procurator, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the same at the Date thereof; his Admission shall be charged with a further Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties,

Where any Person duly admitted a Writer to the Signet, or a Solicitor, Agent or Attorney, in either of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exchequer or Commifiton of Teinds, shall be also admitted to a3 in either of those Capacities in any other or others of the same Courts; his latter Admission shall be free of Duty,

Where any Person, duly admitted as a Solicitor or Procurator in the High Court of Admiralty, or in the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, shall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the other of those Courts, his latter Admission shall be free of Duty,

And where any Person, duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any of the inferior Courts in Scotland, shall be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any other or others of the same Courts, his latter Admission shall be free of Duty,

Provided in each of the foregoing cases, the proper Stamp Duty shall have been paid, on the former Admission of such Person, according to the Laws then in force.

But in all cases not expressly exempted, the said Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person as a Matter in Ordinary in Chancery, or as one of the Six Clerks, or one of the Cursitors, of the Court of Chancery in Englmdt or as a Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Cottflfcf*

Clerk or Officer whatsoever* in any Cotj&Gwi

60

ADMIJ

Bn

0S1 be I

3

*MiS

A&Ml$

0} tl

55 Gs

i J

ADMISSION  continued\

Britain, who must necessarily be employed to do certain official Business, and whole Emoluments shall therefore be so far fixed and certain

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment shall not amount to 50b per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the fdme shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200b and not amount to 300b per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the ffime shall amount to 500b and not amount to 750I. per Annum'-And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to i, ocob per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, ooool. and not amount to 1,500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500b and not amount to 2, 000]. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3,000l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, 000b or upwards per Annum

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, if practicable; and if not, according to the best Information that can be obtained. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Officer shall be admitted annually, every Admission after the JirJlshall be free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall have been paid on his first Admission.

All Admissions of Officers* proceeding upon any Grants of or Appointments to Offices, which shall be charged with the Duties herein after mentioned.

But in all cases not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admission of the same Person.

ADMISSION of any Person to act as a Notary Public.  See Faculty.

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Member of either of the Four Ions of Court in England -'-

55 Gjco. III. 3 P

-. s. d.

2 0 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

12 0 0

25 0 0

35 0 0

5 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

x5 0 0

200 0 0

ADMISSION  continued.

ADMISSION of any Perfoti to be a Member of either of the Societies commonly called Inns of Chancery in England -

ADMISSION of any Person to be a Fellow of the College of Physicians m England or Scotland ADMISSION or Licence of any Person by the College of Physicians in England or Scotland, to exercise the Faculty of Physic, or practise as a Licentiate ADMISSION or Matriculation of any Person in either of the Universities in England*-

ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of a Batchelor of Arts, in either of the Universities in England, for the Register or Entry thereof.

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University -

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of NobiHty, or otherwise, out of the ordinary Course -

ADMISSION of any Person to any other Degree in either of the Universities in England, for the Register r Entry thereof.

If conferred in the ordinary Course of the University -

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility or otherwise, out of the ordinary Course, conferring any Right of Election in such University ADMISSION of any Person to the Degree of Doctor of Medicine, in either of the Universities in Scotland Note.  The said hereinbefore mentioned Duties on Admissions are, in all cases not expressly provided for, to be charged on the Instruments of Admission, delivered to the Persons admitted, by whatsoever Name the same may be calied, if there be any such, or if not, on the Register, Entry or Memorandum of each Admission, in the Rolls, Books or Records of the Court, College, Inn or Society, in which the Ad-jnifiion shall be made; or for want thereof, on the Rescript or Warrant for such Ad-million.

ADMISSION of any Person into any Corporation or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh or To* Corporate in Great Britain; for the Register, or Memorandum thereof, in the Court 33< or Record, of such Corporation or Company Where the Admission shall be in rf{

Apprenticeftsp or Marriage

> u d*

*5

10

947

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

ADMISSION  continued. . s. d.

And where the same shall be upon any other Ground Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. The Admissions of Craftsmen or others entering in any Corporation, within any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Regality or Burgh of Barony, In Scotland, incorporated by the Magistrates and Council of such Burgh; provided such Craftsmen or others shall have been pre viously admitted Freemen or Burgesses of the Burgh, and have paid the proper Stamp Duty on such Admission, according to the Laws then in force. ADMISSION to Ecclesiastical Benefices in Scotland.  See Collation. ADMISSION or Admittance to of Lands.  See of. 300

AFFIDAVIT, not made for the immediate Purpose of being filed, read or used, in any Court of Law or Equity; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, on which the same shall be written or printed - - - Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Affidavits required or authorized by Law, to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace; or before any Commissioner or Commissioners of any Public Board of Revenue, or any of the Officers acting under them; or before any other Commissioner or Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Act of Parliament. Affidavits to be made pursuant to the Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 149., by Persons intromitting with the personal or moveable Efate or Ejfefts of Persons deceased in Scotland. Affidavits to be made pursuant to this Act by Persons applying for Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration in England, regarding the Value of the Estate and Ejfefts of the Deceased. Affidavits which may be required at the Bank of England, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or s Funds transferable there, or to identify the Person of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks or Funds. Alfa all Affidavits relating to the Loft, Mutilation 3 P 2 0 a 6

948

C. 184.

SS* GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

AFFIDAVIT  continued.

or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bank

Post Bill.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

AGREEMENT, or Contrail, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or other Security on any Estate or Property therein comprised.  See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum, of an Agreement, made in England under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Clause of Registration [and not other wise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty), where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards, whether the same shall be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto

Where the same shall not contain more than 1, 080 Words (being the Amount of Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy two Words each) -

And where the same shall contain more than 1, o8oWords And for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of Provided always, that where divers Letters shall be offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who shall have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any one of such Letters shall be stamped with a Duty of 1I. 158. although the same shall in the whole contain twice the Number of 1, 080 Words or upwards. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Label, [Slip or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance, and London Assurance; or by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire and London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire. (a) Memorandum or Agreement for granting a Leafs or Tack, at Rack Rent, of any MtJfasge, Land or Tenement, under the yearly Refd*of Five Pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the tfjfrit of any Labourer, Artificer, ManufaQwtfpr Menial Servant.

(*) [6 (?. 1. c. 18.3

. s. d.

15

Dp

AGREEMENT - continued.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise.

Memorandum or Agreement made between the Master and Mariners of any Ship or Vessel, for Wages, on any Voyage Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain. (a)

Letters containing any Agreement (not before exempted) in rrfpcQ of any Merchandise, or Evidence of such an Agreement which shall pass by the Post, between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Great Britain, andrfding and actually being, at the time of fending such Letters, at the Distance of Fifty Miles from each other.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, real or personal, or of any Use or Interest therein, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words (being the Amount of Thirty Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy two Words each) or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words (or Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first

1, 080 Words, a further progressve Duty of If made by Deed.  See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclenastical Benefices in England

APPOINTMENT of a Game Keeper. 

- See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT to Offices.  See Admission, Grant.

APPRAISEMENT or Valuation of any Estate or Effects, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable $ or of any Interest therein 5 or of the annual Value thereof; or of any Dilapidations; or of any Repairs wanted; or of the Materials and Labour used or to be used in any Buildings 5 or of any Artificers Work whatsoever;

Where the Amount of such Appraisement or Valuation shall not exceed col.

And where it shall exceed 501. and not exceed iool.

() C3 6.3. <.39. i 10,]

3 P 3

. s. d.

I 15 O

1 5 o

200

026

050

APPRAISEMENT  continued.

And where it shall exceed 100L and not exceed 200I.

And where it shall exceed 200L and not exceed 500I.

And where it shall exceed 500I.

. s.

0 10

0 15

1 0

d.

0

0

0

Exemptions.

Appratfements or Valuations made in pursuance of the Order of any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, or of any Court of Appeal from any Sentence, Adjudication or Judgment of any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty. Appratfements or Valuations of any Property, made for the Purpose of ascertaining the Legacy Duty payable in respeS thereof APPRAISER, Licence to act as such.  See Licence. APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP.  Indenture or other Instrument or Writing containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Master or Mif-tress, to learn any Prosession, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkship to Attornies and others, herein after specifically charged

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, or be Secured to be paid, given, assigned or conveyed, to or for the Ule or Benefit of the Master or Mif-tress, with or in respect of such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or both the Money and Value of such other Matter or Thing shall not amount to 3d.

If the same shall amount to 30I. and not amount to col. -If the lame shall amount to 50L and not amount to iool.

If the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I.

If the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 300I.

If the same shall amount to 3od. and not amount to 400I. - - k

If the same shall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500I.

If the same shall amount to 500L and to 6od.

If the same shall amount to 6ool. and

to$6oL - >'b.

t

1

2

3

6

it

to

30

40

0

o

o

0

o

o

0

o

o

0

0

0

o

o

o

o

o

o

APPRENTICESHIP, be  continued.

If the same shall amount to 800I. and not amount to 1, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to i, ooooL or upwards -

And where there shall be no such Confederation as aforesaid, moving to the Matter or Mif-tress; if the Indenture or other Instrument shall not contain more than 1, 080 Words -And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP__________Inden-

. /. d.

50 0 0

60 0 0

1 0 0

X lS 0

ture, or other Instrument or Writing, containing the Covenants, Articles or Agreements for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Matter or Mistrefc, either by Assignment, Transfer or Turnover, or upon the Death, Absence or Incapacity of the former Matter or Mittress, or otherwise; or any Writing whatever, whereby any such Assignment, Transfer or Turnover may be effectuated or ascertained.

Where there shall be any such valuable Cordideration as aforesaid, moving to the new Master or Mittress, exclusive of any Part of the Consideration to the former Matter or Mif-tress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Master or Mistress -And where there shall be no fich new Consideration; if the Indenture or other Instrument or Writing shall not contain more than 1, 080 Words -

And if the same shall contain more than that Quantity And where there shall be Duplicates, or Two Parts, of any such Indenture or other Instrument or Writing, relating to any such Apprentice, Clerk or Servant as aforesaid; each Part shall be charged with the Duty before mentioned, in all cases where the same shall not exceed Thirty five Shillings; and where the same shall exceed that Sum, only one Part shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, or Duty in proportion to the Consideration, and the other Part shall be charged with a Duty of Note.  -And the Partt bearing the ad valorem or higher Duty, shall belong to and be kept by the Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or some Person on hit or her behalf, upon his or her 3 P 4

Such and the like Duty in Proportion to tbr Amount or Value of such new Consideration onlyt as it before charged on any original Indenture of App rent ice/It ip.

IOO

I 15 O

I 15 O

95 2

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

APPRENTICESHIP, &c  continued.

being first placed out; and in case of any subsequent placing out, by Assignment or otherwise, the Part bearing the ad valorem Duty on that occasion (if any) shall belong to and be kept by the former Master or Mil-tref8, or his or her Representatives, or by the Apprentice, Clerk or Servant, or some Person on his or her behalf; and in each of the said cases, the other Party bearing the lower Duty hereby charged thereon, shall belong to and be kept by the original Master or Mistress, or the new Master or Mistress, as the case may be; and the same shall be respectively received in Evidence accordingly

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Indentures or other Instruments for placing out poor Children apprentices, by or at the foie Charge of any Parish or Township, or by or at the foie Charge of any Public Charity, or pursuant to the AS of the $zd Year of His Majesty's Reign, (a) for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices-And all Alignments of such poor Apprentices; provided there shall be no such valuable Consideration as aforesaid given to the new Master or Mistress, other than what may have been or shall be given by any Parish or Township, or [ by any Public Charity.

I ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk; in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor, In any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster -In any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham; or in any other Court of Record in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate of any such Articles or Contract of Clerkship I ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person (not being an Attorney of One of the Courts at Westminster) shall first become bound to serve aita Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Sworn the Office of the Six Clerks of the Court of or as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court or

(*) [3* 0.3. c. 57.

Duty.

60

h

SCHEDULE, PART I.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP  continued.

in the Office of Pleas, or the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer, in the Court of Exchequer in England

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the Contract between them being vacated by Consent, or by Rule of Court, or in any other Event

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -And where any Person, having entered into any Articles of Clerkship or Contract, duly stamped according to the Law in force at the Date thereof, in order to his Admission as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Westminster, shall afterwards enter into any such Articles or Contrail as aforesaid, for any other of those Purposes; the said last mentioned Articles or Contrail shall be charged only with a Duty of -

And the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof And where the same Articles of Clerkship shall be a Qualification to any Person to be admitted, not only as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Westminster, but also as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the inferior Courts aforesaid; such Articles shall not be charged with more than one Duty of nol.

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Proctor in the High Court of Admiralty in England, or in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts in DoQors Commons

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as- a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Proctor in any of the Courts aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Master, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -

. s. d.

120 o a 1 15 o

1 15 o

1 15 o

1 15 o

1 15 o

120 o o

1 15 o

1 15 o

1 15 o

954

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Duty.

A RTICLES  continued\

ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent or Attorney, in any of the Courts of Session, Jofficiary, Exchequer and Commission of Teinds in Scotland

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admission to act as a Procurator or Solicitor in the High Court of Admiralty, the Commissary Court at Edinburgh, or any other inferior Court in Scotland

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerkship or Apprenticeship, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to any such Admission in Scotland as aforesaid, for the Residue of the Term for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Matter, or of the Contract between them being vacated, or in any other Event -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, whereby any Person, having been before bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to any such Admission as aforesaid either in England or Scotland, and not having completed or perfected his Service so as to entitle ham to such Admission, shall become bound afrefb, for a new Term of Years, for the same Purpose -

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof -But in this case, the Stamp used on the Articles, Contract or Indenture, first entered into for the said Purpose, shall be allowed as a spoiled Stamp, on being delivered up to the Comnnffioncri of Stamps to be cancelled within Six Calendar Months after the Execution of the new Articles, Contract or Indenture. ASSIGNATION, or Assignment, upon the Sale of any Property.  See Conveyance.

ASSIGNATION in Security.  See Mortgage. ASSIGNATION of any Wadset, Heritable Bond, &c  See Mortgage.

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other fioafatufie* curity.  See Mortgage.'x

ASSIGNATION or ASSIGNMENT etiwy property, Real or Perianal, Heritable or

. i. I

60 0 0

1 15 0

30 0 0

1 15 0

1 15 0

1 15 0

The font Dutyvtuld he payable * tvy origittl Arti-r tla, Centred tr

1 Indenture fr fuel Purpose.

i 15 0

k

i

SCHEDULE, PART 1. ASSIGNATION, &c.  continued.

other'ivifr charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain

2. 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first i, 080 Words, a further progre//tve Duty of

AWARD in England, and Award or Decreet-Arbitral in Scotland -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain

2. 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) for a Year, for vetting the Possession of Lands or other Hereditaments in England, and enabling the Bargainee to take a Release of the Freehold or Inheritance, upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof;

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money expressed in the Release shall not amount to 20I.

And where the same shall amount to 20I. and not amount to 50I.

And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 150].

And where the same shall amount to 1501. or upwards -

BARGAIN and SALE (or Lease) for a Year upon any other Occasion -

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lanas or other Hereditaments in England, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage.  See Conveyance.  Mortgage. BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Estate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in England, upon any other Occasion than the Mortgage or Sale thereof -

And where any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressi've Duty of

1

1

1

1

o

0

1 I I

5

1

Duty.

s. d. 15 O

5 o 15 o

5 o

10 o 15 o o o 15

15

o o

5 o

95*

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

BARGAIN and SALE  continued.

Exemptions from the preceding Duty,

Bargains and Sales, made by Commissioners to the Af signees of Bankrupts which are to pay a Duty, only as Deeds in general.

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft or Order to the Bearer, or to Order, either on Demand or otherwise, not exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding $1.58. Exceeding 5I. 58. and not exceeding 20L Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I.

Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding tool. Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 3C&I. and not exceeding 500I. Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooooL Exceeding i, ooooi. and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3,000l. Exceeding 3,000l.

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft or Order for the Payment to the Bearer, or to Order, at any time exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 408. and not exceeding 51.58. Exceeding 5I. 58. and not exceeding 20I. Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I.

Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iool. Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500U Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool. Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3,000l. Exceeding 3ooool.

Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, if the same shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Person on his or her behalf Inland BILL, Draft or Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other Rated Periods, if made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if delivered to the Payee, or some Person, on his or her behalf, where the total Amount of Money thereby made payable shall in, or can be ascertained therefrom

A.D. 1815.

Duty.

And where" the total Amount thereby made payable shall be

0 I 0

0 I 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 3 6

0 4 6

0 5 0

0 6 0

0 8 6

0 12 6

05 0

I 5 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 3 6

0 4 6

0 5 0

0 6 0

0 8 6

0 12 6

0 U 0

I 5 0

I 10 0

The same Duty at on

I a PHI of Exchanp fsr tit tiit Sum payable to Bearer or Order.

Tie fern Duty at on a Bill payable ts Bearer or Order on Demand for a Sum equal to pub total Amount,

{Tie ftmt Duty at on y a EiU an Demand

Inland BILL, &c.  continued.

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; videlicet,

All Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money by a Bill or Promissory Note, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note in Payment or Satisfaction of any Sum of Money; where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment or Delivery to be made to the Bearer, or to Order, or shall be delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her behalf.

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, for Money received, which shall entitle, or be intended to entitle, the Person or Persons paying the Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum from any Third Person or Persons.

And all Bills, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money out of any particular Fund which may or may not be available, or upon any Condition or Contingency which may or may not be performed or happen, if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if the same shall be delivered to the Payee or some Person on his or her behalf.

Foreign BILL of EXCHANGE (or Bill of Exchange drawn in bnt payable out of Great Britain) if drawn singly and not in a Set -

Foreign BILLS of EXCHANGE, drawn in Sets according to the Custom of Merchants, for every Bill of each Set, where the Sum made payable thereby shall not exceed look -

And where it shall exceed 100I. and not exceed 200I.

And where it flnll exceed 200I. and not exceed 500I.

And where it shall exceed 500I. and not exceed iooool.

And where it shall exceed i, ooooL and not exceed 2, 000k

And where it shall exceed 2, 000k and not exceed 3ooool.

And where it shall exceed 3, 000k

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Bills of Exchange, or Bank Pof Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank

d.

All

of England.

Bills, Orders, Remittanee Bills and Remit-

The same Duty at on

an Inland liiil of

tie fame Amount

and Tenor.

O I 6

O 3 0

O 4 0

O 5 0

O 7 6

O 10 0

O5 0

BILL  continued

jff. s. I

tance Certificate*, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Navy, under the Authority of the AS passed in the $$tb Year of His Majesty's Reign, (a) for the more expeditious Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy.

All Bills drawn pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for Vidu ailing the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, and for taking care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, upon, and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy.

All I)rafts or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on Demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons aSing as a Banker, who shall reside or transaS the Business of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders shall he tffiued, provided such Place shall be specified in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the same shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be issued; and provided the same do not direS the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Foroes, or for other Expenditures liable to be charged in the Public Regimental or DiJlriQ Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms now preferred or hereafter to be prescribed by His Majesty's Orders, by the Paymasters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief PayrtaJUr, or Deputy Paymaster, and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymasters of Recruiting Dtftrifts, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorized to perform the Duties of the Pay-maflership during a Vacancy, or the Absence,

or others, who furnish Bread or His Majesty's Troops, and who-Contracts or Agreements shall be l^SJc to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills gfcp Payment for the Articles

() [35 3

9d by V

BILL of LADING, of or for any Goods, Merchandize or Effefls to be exported or carried Coastwise BILL of SALE absolute.  See Conveyance.

BILL of SALE as a Security.  See Mortgage. BOND in England and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any definitive and certain Sum of Money,

Not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 501. and not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I.

Exceeding 2col. and not exceeding 300I.

Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I.

Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding 1,000.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool.

Exceeding 3, ooool. and not exceeding 4,000l.

Exceeding 4,000l. and not exceeding 5, ooool.

Exceeding 5, ooool. and not exceeding 10,000l.

Exceeding 10,000l. and not exceeding 15,000l.

Exceeding 15,000l. and not exceeding 20, ooool.

Exceeding 2o, ooool.

BOND in England^ and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be;

Where the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -

Aud where the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum

BOND in England and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Transfer, or Retransfer of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company

Heritable BOND in Scotland for any of the Purposes aforesaid.  See Mortgage.

BOND in England and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, which shall be in part secured by a Mortgage, or Wadset, or other Instrument or Writing herein after charged with the same Duty

o

s. d.

3 o

I 0 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

12 0 0

*5 0 0

20 0 0

2S 0 0

25 o o

The same Duty at on <l Bond for Juc 'i limited Sunt.

f The same Duty as on a Bond for a Sum of Money, equal to the Value of the Stock or F., nd secured, according to the average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Bond, or on either of the (_ Ten Days / receding.

BOND  continued.

as a Mortgage or Wadset, beating even Date with Jiich Bond; or for the Performance of Covenants contained in such Mortgage or other Instrument or Writing; or for both those Purposes BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof \  See Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, ^cc.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a collateral or auxiliary Security for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof, where toe same shall be granted or conveyed* or secured, by any other Deed or Instrument, liable to and charged with the ad valorem Duty, herein after imposed on Conveyances upon the Sale of any Property BOND in England, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof), or or any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods {not being Interest for any principal Sum, nor Bent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Taci), for any definite and certain Term, so that the Total Amount of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained*; BOND in England, and Personal and Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity (except as aforesaid), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods (not being Interest for any principal Sum, nor Rent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Tack) for the Term of Life or any other indefinite Period, so that, the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity, or Sums secured, shall not amount to iol. per Annum, / -

And where the same shall amount to iol. and not amount to 50I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 100I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 400I. and not amount to cool, per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to x, ooool. per Annum -

A.D. 1815. Duty.

.^I

1 0 0

Tbt fmnt Duty ai on a Bant af tbt Ittf Nahn, far tbt Pa^nunt af a Sum of Monty qut it fad total Antoni.

f 0 0

2 0 0

o 0 0 o o 0 0 0 0 0

0 0

It O 0

J

A.D. 1815.

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

9<J 1

BOND  continuedr.

And where the same shall amount to 1, ooool. and not amount to 1,500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1,500l. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. per Annum or upwards ..* But where there shall be both a Personal and Heritable Bond, in Scotland, in separate Deeds of the same Date, for securing any such Annuity, or Sums payable at dated Periods, and the ad valorem Duty above charged thereon shall amount to 2I. or upwards; the Heritable Bond only shall be charged with the ad valorem Duty, and the Personal Bond shall be charged only with a Duty of

BOND, commonly called Counterbond in England, and Personal Bond of Relief in Scotland, for indemnifying any Person who shall have become bound or engaged as Surety or Cautioner for the Payment of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or for the Transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned -

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, for the due Execution of an Office, and to account for Money received by virtue thereof BOND given pursuant to the Directions of any A & of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of Cudoms or Excise, or any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Cudoms or Excise, or: for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto -

BOND, entered into by any Person, on obtaining a Marriage Licence -

BOND, on obtaining Letters of Administration in England, or a Confirmation of Tedament in Scotland BOND, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadset or other Security, on any Estate or Property therein comprised. See Mortgage.

Back BOND, Declaration, or other Deed or Writing, for making redeemable any Difpbfition, Assignation or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security. See Mortgage.

BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, of any Kind whatever, not other wise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty Heritable BOND in Scotland, of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in thit Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty -

55 6so. III. 3 Q

. x. d.

15 o o

20

25

o o o o

I 15 o

I 15 o

o o o o o o

I 15 o I 15 O

C. i

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

p6a C. 184. '55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty,

BOND  continued. General Directions respecting Bonds. Where any such Bond as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall A /. d.

contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, there shall be charged for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, afurther/ro^r^foeDutyof And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also of a Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, or an Annuity, or both, or for the Payment of an Annuity, and also of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, the proper ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each. And where any such Bond as aforesaid shall be given as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Annuities or Shares in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, the proper ad valorem*Duty shall be charged in respect of each separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Annuity or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the Aggregate Amount thereof. And where any Bond in England shall be given as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, such Bond shall be charged with the same Duty as if the same had been immediately given for the Payment or Transfer of such Money, or Annuity, or Share of the said Stocks or Funds. And where in England any Bond for the Payment or Transfer, or for the Performance of any Covenant for the Payment or Transfer, of any Sum of Money or Annuity, or any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, shall be contained in one and the same Deed or Writing, with any other Matter or Thing, in this Schedule specifically charged with any Duty [except any Declaration of Trvjl of the Money, Annuity* Stock or Fund secured), such Deed or Writing shall be charged with the same Duties as such Bond and other Matter or i 5

1 m n*'u 1 r 1-1 % -y taKv*

BOND  continued'.

Thing would have been charged with, if contained in separate Deeds.

But where in England a Bond for the Performance of Covenants or Agreements (other than for the Payment or Transfer of any Sum of Money, or Annuity, or any Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds), ill all be contained in the same Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing, the same shall not be charged separately, but the whole shall be considered as one Deed and be charged accordingly under its proper Denomination.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Bonds of the Royal Exchange and London Assurance Corporations, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of King George the Firs, (a) under which they were incorporated.

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 2 6th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (3) or any other Act now in force for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Bonds, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 28 th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, (c) or any other Act now in force, relating to the Exportation of Wool, or any Manufacture thereof or Fuller*s Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco pipe Clay; or by the Act of the igtb Year of His Majesty's Reign, (a) or any other Act now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tobacco from His Majesty's Warehouses

Coast Bonds, or Bonds relative to the carrying of Goods or Merchandises Coaf wife, whether the same shall be given pursuant to the Act of the $id Year of His Majesty's Reign, (e) or any other Act now in force, for the Relief of the Coaf Trade of Great Britain, or pursuant to the Directions of any Proclamation or Order in Council, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 33d Year of His Majesty's Reign, (f) or any other Act now in

. s.

I

C6G. 1. c. 18. $8.]

[28 G.3. r.38. $S9-1 L32 G. 3. c. 50. 9. 11.]

3 Q

6) [26 G.3. r.81. 31O "29 G.3. 68. $41.]

33 G. 3. c.J4- #+]

(/)

d.

GOO^lS

9^4

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

BOND, Exemptions  continued.

force, for the Encouragement of Friendly Societies.

Bonds given by Cardmakers, /or securing the Stamp Duties on Playing Cards.

Bonds given by the Proprietors, Printers or Publishers of Ne nvfpapers, for securing the Payment of the Duties upon the Advertisements therein contained.

Bonds given by Stationers and others, who fell stamped Paper for the printing of News papers, /or due Performance of the Matters required of them by the Act passed in the 38th Year of His Majesty's Reign, (a) for regulating the Printing and Publication of Newspapers.

Bonds given by CollcQors of Assessed Taxes and their Sureties, for the due Payment of Monies collected by them, or otherwise relating to their Offices.

Administration and Confrmation Bonds, given by the Widow, Child, Father, Mother, Brother or Sister of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall he Jlain or die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Administration Bond- in England given by any Perf on, where the Estate to be admsntftered shall not exceed 20I. in value.

Confirmation Bond in Scotland, where the whole Personal Estate of the Deceased shall not exceed 20I. in value.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by every Person admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or in any other Court in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings;  and by every Person admitted as a Proctor in any of the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts in England*  and by every Person admitted as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney or curator, in any of the Courts in Scotlandj, every Person admitted or inrolled as a in England or Scotland;  and also Clerk, Clerk in Court, and other

s. I

SCHEDULE, PART I.

CERTIFICATE  continued.

prosecute, carry on or defend any Action, Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding, in any of the Courts aforesaid, or do any Notarial Act whatever, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, as an Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Proctor, Procurator or Notary Public, although not admitted or inrolled as such; If he shall reside in the City of London, or City of Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two Penny Poll in England, or within the City or Shire of Edinburgh

And if he shall have been admitted, or been in Possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards -

Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in Possession so long If he shall reside elsewhere j

And if he shall have been admitted, or been in Possession of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards -Or if he shall not have been admitted, or been in Possession so long But no one Person is to be obliged to take out more than one Certificate, although he may act in more than one of the Capacities aforesaid, or in several of the Courts aforesaid. Exemptions.

All Clerks and Officers of any of the Courts aforesaid, who shall act or be concerned in the ConduS or Management of any Action, Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding, by virtue and in the Execution of their respefftve Offices or Appointments only, and shall not be also retained or employed by any Party to such Attion, Suit, Prosecution or other Proceeding, or by any Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Proffor or Procurator, on behalf of any Party thereto, for or in Expectation of any Fee or Reward, other than the established Fees due and payable in respect of their Offices and Appointments.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by every Person, being a Member of One of the Four Inns of Court in England, who in the Character of Conveyaneer, Special Pleader, Draftsman in Equity, or otherwise, shallj for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed or Instrument relating to, any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or any other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity

3 Q 3

Duty.

. s. d.

12 o o

600

800

400

CERTIFICATE  continued.

If he shall reside in the City of London, or City of Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two Penny Post in England And if he shall reside elsewhere Exemptions.

Serjeants at Law, and Barristers

Attornies, Solicitors, Prodors and Notaries Public k. and other Persons a Bing as such by virtue of any Office or Appointment, who shall respectively tale out Certificates in those Characters; Public Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Instruments, by virtue of their Offices, and in the Course of their official Duty only, and not otherwise.

CERTIFICATE of Admission to Degrees in the Universities.  See Testimonial.

CERTIFICATE of Marriage, except of any common Seaman, Marine or Soldier CERTIFICATE of any Person's having received the Holy Sacrament -CERTIFICATE of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize having been duly entered inwards, which shall be entered outwards for Exportation, at the Port of Importation, or be removed from thence to any other Port, for the more convenient Exportation thereof from Great Britain; where such Certificate shall be issued for enabling any Person to obtain a Debenture or Certificate, entitling him to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties of Customs, or any Part thereof See also Debenture.

CHARTER of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novodamus, or upon Apprising, or upon a Decreet of Adjudication or Sale of any Lands, or other heritable Subjects in Scotland, holden of any Subject Superior And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of

1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

CHARTER PARTY or any Agreement or Contract for the Charter, of any Ship or Vessel, or any Memorandum, Letter or other Writing between the Captain, Mailer or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any other Person for or relating to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods or Effects, on board of such Ship f or Vessel - j "

And where the same, together with

Receipt or other Matter put Q* iwp^fed thereon, or annexed thereto,

2, 160 Words or upwards, _jtlfca

. s. ti-

ll

8

': by

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

CHARTER PARTY  continued,

entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the First 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contrail of  See Apprenticeship.  Articles.

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in England y of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in The King's Books -

COLLATION by any Archbishop or Bishop to any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in England -COLLATION, Institution or Admission, by any Prelby-tery or other competent Authority, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Scotland -

COMMISSION granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons duly authorized by him or them, to any Officer in the Army, or in the Corps of Royal Marines -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Commissions granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry, or Volunteer infantry, and to Officers of the Local Militia.

COMMISSION granted by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, to any Officer in the Navy -

COMMISSION, or Deputation, granted by the Commissioners of Excise -

COMMISSION, appointing any Person Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes, for any County or District in Great Britain -

COMMISSION appointing any Manager or DireHor, Managers or Dire Hors, of or concerning any Lottery or Lotteries to be drawn pursuant to Act of Parliament COMMISSION to aH as a Notary Public in Scotland,  See Faculty.

COMMISSION, in the nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland,  See Letter of Attorney. COMPOSITION  Deed, or other Instrument of Composition between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her or their Creditors -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the First 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

. s, d.

1 $ o

20 o o 10 o o

2 0 0

1 10 o

050 I 10 o

25 o o

20 O O

I 15 o

150

t

I

CONDITIONAL Surrender of any of or Cuito-mary Estate by way of Mortgage. 

- See Mortgage. CONSTAT of Letters Patent.  See Exemplification. CONTRACT of Excambion in Scotland. 

- See Exchange. CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Disposition, Lease, Alignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interest or Claim in, to, out of or upon any L^nds, Tenements, Rents, Annuities or other Property; 'that is to say, for and in respect of the Principal or only Deed, Instrument or Writing, whereby the Lands or other Things fold shall be granted, leased, assigned, transferred, released, renounced or otherwise conveyed to, or vested in, the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons,by his, her or their Direction

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money therein or thereupon expressed shall not amount to 20I.

And where the same shall amount to 20I. and not amount to 50I. -

And where the same shall amount to 50I, and not amount to 1501.

And where the same shall amount to 1501. and not amount to 300L And where the same shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I.

And where the same shall amount to 500L and not amount to 750I.

And where the same shall amount to 750I. and.not amount to i, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to i, ooooL and not amount to 2, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 2, ooooL and not amount to 3,000l.

And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. and not amount to 4,000l.

And where the same shall amount to 4,000l. and not amount to 5, ocol.

And where the same shall amount to 5, ooool. and not amount to 6, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to 6, ooool.and not amount to 7, ooool.

And where the same shall amount to yjOOtiLttid not amount to 8, ooool..-

And where the same shall amount to8jQQoh and not amount to 9, 000L

 /. 1:

0 10 0

I 0 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

6 0 0

9 0 0

12 0 0

25 0 0

35 0 0

45 0 0

55 0 0

65 0 0

75 0 0

8J 0 0

1

U A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE  continued. . /. A

And where the same shall amount to 9,000l. and a.

not amount to 10,000l. Q? O 0

And where the same shall amount to 10,000l. and yj w 0

not amount to 12,500l. HO 0 n

And where the same shall amount to 12,500l. and

not amount to 15,000l. - r30 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 15,000l. and

not amount to 20, ocol, -r 170 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 20, ooool. and

not amount to 30,000l. 240 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 30,000l. and

not amount to 40,000l. 350 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 40,000l. and

not amount to 50,000l. 450 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 5Q, ooool. and

not amount to 6o, ooool. 550 0 0

And where the same shall amount tp 6o, ooool. and

not' amount to 8o, ooool. 650 0 0

And where the same shall amount to 8o, ooool. and

not amount to ico, ooool. 800 0 0

And where the same shall amount to ioo, OOol. or upwards - 1 >000 0 0

And where any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments

in England shall be conveyed by a Deed or

Feoffment, with or without any Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained to deliver or receive Seisin, or by a Deed of

Bargain and Sale inrolled; such Deed of

Feoffment or Bargain and Sale, unless ac-

companied with a Lease and Release shall be

pharged with a further Duty as follows:

If the Purchase or Consideration Money

therein or thereupon espressed,

shall be under 20I. 0 10 0

If it shall amount to 20I. and not

amount to 50I.  15 0

If it shall amount to 50I. and not

amount to 1501. I 0 0

If it shall amopnt to 1501. or upwards - t 15 0

put if there shall be both a Feoffment and a

Bargain and Sale inrolled, then the said

further Duty shall not attach on either.

Note.  The Purchase or Consideration Money is

to be truly expressed and set forth in Words

at length, in or upon every such principal or

only Deed pr Instrument of Conveyance.

And where any Lands or other Property, of

different Tenures or Holdings, or held under

different Titles contracted to be sold at one

entire Price for the whole, stall be conveyed

A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEY ANCE  continued. to the Purchaser in separate Parts or Pareels, by different Deeds or Instruments, the Purchase or Confederation Money shall be divided and apportioned in such manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a distinct Price or Confederation for each separate Part or Parcel may be set forth in or upon the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance relating thereto; which shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty in respect of the Price or Confederation Money therein set forth. And where any Lands or other Property, contracted to be purchased by Two or more Persons jointly, or by any Person for himself and others, or wholly for others, at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed, in Parts or Pareels, by separate Deeds or Instruments, to the Persons for whom the same shall be purchased, for distinct Parts or Shares of the Purchase Money; the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, of each separate Part or Pareel, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Sum of Money therein specified as the Consideration for the same. But if separate Parts or Parcels of such Lands or other Property shall be conveyed to or to the Use of or in Trust for different Persons, in and by one and the same Deed or Instrument, then such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the aggregate Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Monies therein mentioned to be paid or agreed to be paid, for the Lands or Property-thereby conveyed. And where any Person, having contracted for the Purchase of any Lands or other Property, but not having obtained a Conveyance thereof, shall contrail to fell to any other Person, and the same shall in consequence be conveyed immediately to the Sub Purchaser $ the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the'PW-chase or Consideration Money thejiWpW-tioned to be paid, or agreed to the Sub Purchaser. ' . t, d.

*3

h SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

in CONVEYANCE  continued. And where any Person, having contracted for the Purchase of any Lands or other Property, but not having obtained a Conveyance thereof, shall contract to fell the whole or any Part or Parts thereof, to any other Person or Persons, and the same shall in consequence be conveyed, by the original Seller, to different Persons, in Parts or Parcels; the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, of each Part or Parcel thereof, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect only of the Purchase or Consideration Money which shall be therein mentioned to be paid or agreed to be paid for the same, by the Person or Persons, to whom or to whose Use or in Trust for whom the Conveyance shall be made, without regard to the Amount of the original Purchase Money. And in all cases of such Sub Sales as aforesaid, the Sub Purchasers and the Persons immediately felling to them, shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchasers and Seliers, within the Intent and Meaning of the Provisions and Regulations of the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, (a) relating to the ad valorem Duties on Conveyances on the Sale of Property thereby imposed, and which are to be observed and enforced with regard to the said act valorem Duties hereby granted. But where any Sub Purchaser shall take an actual Conveyance of the Interest of the Person immediately felling to him, which shall be chargeable with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the Purchase or Consideration Money paid or agreed to be paid by him, and shall be duly stamped accordingly; any Deed or Instrument of Conveyance to be afterwards made to him, of the Property in question, by the original Seller, shall be exempted from the said vd valorem Duty, and be charged only with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the same Kind not upon a Sale. And where any Lands or other Property separately contra died to be purchased of different Persons, at separate and di ft in 61 Prices, () [48 G. 3. c. 149.] . s. d.

97*

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

CONVEYANCE  continued.

shall be conveyed to the Purchaser, or as he shall direct, in and by one 'and the same Deed or Instrument; such Deed or Instrument shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty, in respect of the aggregate Amount of the Purchase or Consideration Monies, therein mentioned to be paid or agreed to be paid for the same.

And where any Lands, or other Property shall be sold and conveyed, in Consideration, wholly or in Part, of any Sum of Money charged thereon by way of Mortgage, Wad-set or otherwise, and then due and owing to the Purchaser, or shall be sold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Wadset, Bond or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchaser, such Sum of Money or Debt shall be deemed the Purchase or Consideration Money, or Part of the Purchase or Consideration Money, as the case may be, in respect whereof the said act valorem Duty is to be paid.

And to prevent Doubts, respecting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, in certain cases, it is hereby declared s

That where any Lands or Hereditaments, in England, shall be conveyed by Bargain and Sale inrolled, and also by Lease and Release, or Feoffment with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Release or Feoffment shall be deemed the principal Deed: and the Bargain and Sale shall be charged only with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general.  (See Deed.)  But the same shall not be inrolled or be available, unless also stamped for testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release or Feoffment.

And where any Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed by Lease and Release, and also by Feoffment, with or without any fuChLettef or Letters of Attorney therein c " aforesaid; the Release shall be principal Deed; and the - charged oidy^ with the on Deeds is general, same shall sof

. 1. I

ft SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

f- i CONVEYANCE  continued. for testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Release. And where any of or Customary Estate shall be conveyed, by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, by the Commissioners named in a Commission of Bankrupt, or by Executors or others, by virtue of a Power given by Will, or by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, where a Surrender shall not be necessary, the Deed of Bargain and Sale shall be deemed principal Instrument. And in other cases of of or Customary Estates, the Surrender or Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum thereof respectively, if made out of Court, or the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender or Voluntary Grant, if made in Court, shall be deemed the principal Instrument. And Copies of Court Roll, made after the Thirty first Day of August 1815, of Surrenders and Voluntary Grants made in Court before or upon that Day, and subsequent to the 10th Day of October 1808, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duties. But Copies of Court Roll, of Surrenders and Voluntary Grants made before or upon the 10th Day of October 1808, shall not be liable thereto. And Grants, and Copies of Court Roll of Grants, of of or Customary Estates for a Life or Lives, are to be charged as well as those for any greater Interest. And where in Scotland there shall be a Disposition or Assignation, executed by the Seller, and any other Instrument or Instruments, Writing or Writings, to complete the Title, the Disposition or Assignation shall be deemed the principal Instrument. And where, upon the Sale of any Annuity or other Right not before in Exijlence, the same shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or otherwise; the Bond or other Instrument, by which the same shall be secured, or some one of such Instruments, if there be more than one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the same Duty, as an actual Grant or Conveyance. . d.

974

C. 184.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

CONVEYANCE  continued.

And in the case of Leases or Tacks, where a yearly Rent of 20I. or upwards shall be reserved, as Part of the Consideration for the same, there shall be charged a further Dutyfor which fee Title, Lease.

And where the principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first r, o8o Words, a further progressive Duty of

And where there shall be Several Deeds, Instruments or Writings for completing the Title to the Property fold; such of them as are not liable to the said act valorem Duty shall be charged with the Duty, to which the same maybe liable, under any general or particular Description of such Deeds, Instruments or Writings contained in this Schedule,

And where, in any case not hereby expressly provided for, or Several Deeds, Instruments or Writings, a Doubt shall arise which is the Principal, it shall be lawful for the Parties to determine for themselves which shall be so deemed, and to pay the said act valorem Duty thereon accordingly; and, if necessary, the other Deeds, Instruments or Writings, on which the Doubt shall have arisen, shall be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty; upon all the Deeds or Instruments being produced, and appearing to be duly stamped in other respects.

And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instrument, chargeable with the said act valorem Duty, exceeding 2I. one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with the ordinary Duty on Deeds or Instruments of the Same Kind not upon a Sale* and on the whole being produced duly stamped as hereby required, the latter mall auo be stamped with a particular Stamp for denote ing or testifying the Payment of the valorem Duty.

And where any Deed or Instrument, as a Conveyance on the Sale of any

Duty.

CONVEYANCE -continued.

. s. d.

shall operate also as a Conveyance of any other than the Property sold by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpose, or shall also contain any other Matter or Thing besides what shall be incident to the Sale and Conveyance of the Property fold, or relate to the Title thereto; every such Deed or Instrument shall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property, and to any progressive Duty to which it may also be liable, with such further Stamp Duty as any separate Deed, containing the other Matter, would have been chargeable with, exclusive of the progressive Duty. Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands, &c.

All Surrenders and other Instruments, relating 1 s'" n Estates,

1 wenty Shillings; but which are herein after otherwise charged*

All Transfers of Shares in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea and East India Companies; hut which are herein after otherwise charged*

All Leases and Tacks in Consideration of a Fine or Grajfum, for a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, or for a Term of Tears determinable with a Life or Lives not Exceeding Three, by whomsoever granted*

All Leases in Consideration of a Fine for a Term absolute, not exceeding Twenty one Tears, granted by Ecclesiastical Corporations, Aggregate or Sole.

And all voluntary Grants made by the Lord or Lady of any Manor of any of, or Customary Lands or Hereditaments for a Life or Lives for a pecuniary Consideration, and the Copies of Court Roll of such voluntary Grants-

All which Leases, Tacks, Grants and Copies are

Receipt for the Consideration Money* Conveyances of Rents purchased under the Act of the 34th Year of His Majesty's Reign,

exceed

G. 184. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 18lf

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

CONVEYANCE  continued. c. 75. (a) for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, upon subsequent Sales thereof by the Purchasets or their Heirs or Assigns, to the Owners of the Lands or other Hereditaments, out of which the same are payable; where the Consideration Money to be paid on such subsequent Sales shall not exceed the Sum of 10I. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. All Transfers of Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds. For other Exemptions, fee the Titles, Grant, Lease, and at the End of this Part of the Schedule. CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to The Crown.  See Grant. i /.

CONVEYANCE of any Estate or Property in Trust for Sale, which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock.  See Mortgage. CONVEYANCE of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of Lands or other Property, to a Purchaser, in the same Deed with a Mortgage, Wadset or other Security made thereupon  See Mortgage. CONVEYANCE of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty - - - And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 \ 15 0

Words, a further progressive Duty of COPY, attested to be a true Copy, in the Form which hath been commonly used for that Purpose, or in any other manner authenticated or declared to be a true Copy, or made for the Purpose of being given hr Evidence as a true Copy, of any Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument of Conveyance, or any other Deed whatever, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed therg-.; on, or annexed thereto, or of any Part spectively; ^i 5 0 r*f

A*'.

] A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 184.

977

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

COPY  continued. Where such a Copy shall be made for the Secu- . s. d. 1

rity or Use of any Person, being a Party to, 1 The same Duty or

or taking any Benefit or Interest iramedi- > Duties as fur the

ately under such Agreement, Contract, Bond, Deed or other Instrument And where any such Copy shall be made, for the Security or Use of any Person, not being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Interest immediately, under such Agreement, Contrail, Bond, Deed or other In-strutaent -And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words contained therein, over and above the first 720 Words, a further progressive Duty original Injirumcut.

O I O

of Aud all Copies, which shall at any time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose. Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. All Copies attested or authenticated as aforesaid, which shall be made for the Private Use only of any Person having the Custody of the Original Instruments, or of his or her Counfely Attorney or Solicitor. COPY, attested or authenticated as aforesaid, or made for the Purpose of being given in Evidence as a true Copy of any original Will, Testament or Codicil; or of the Probate or Probate Copy of any Will or Codicil; or of any Letters of Administration; or of any Confirmation, of a Testament Testamentary or Dative, ' O 1 O

or of any Part thereof respectively And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words, contained in any such Copy, over and above the first 720 Words, a further progressvc 0 i 0

Duty of And all Copies which shall at any time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpose. Office COPY or Extriidt of any Will or Codicil, deposited O I O

in any Ecclesiastical Court in England And for every entire Quantity of 90 Words, contained in any such Copy or Extra#, over and above the first 90 Words, a further O 1 O

progressive Duty of -COPY or Extra# of any Memorial, or of the Register of any Memorial, registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be made, for the Public O I O

Registering of Deeds and Conveyances in England -55 Geo. III. 3 R 0 5 0

I.

COPY  continued.

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extra# shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of COPY or Extra# of any Deed, or of any other Instrument not falling under the Description of Law Proceedings, which shall be made or taken from the Rolls or Records of any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extra# shall be written, after the first, a further

. s. d.

050

020

progressive Duty of -Attested COPY or Extra#, of any Deed, Instrument or Writing, given out from any Public Register, or from the Books or Records of any Court in Scotland, and not otherwise charged under the Head of Law Proceedings -

And where the same shall contain more than 600 Words, then for every entire Quantity of 600 Words contained therein, over and above the first 600 Words, a further progressive Duty of And for any lets Quantity of Words contained therein, over and above the first 600 Words, or over and above any Second, Third or other full Quantity of 600 Words, a further Duty of

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Certified Copies of Proceedings and Interlocutors required or authorized in cases of Appeal to the House of Lords.

Copies or ExtraSs of Protests, upon Bills or Pro-mtffiory Notes, for any Sum under Forty Shillings Sterling.

ExtraSs of Commissions of Persons as Delegates or Representatives to the General Assembly, or to any Presbytery or Church Court, in Scotland; and of Commissions of Delegates to the Convention of Royal Burghs; and of Commissions of Delegates from any Royal Burgh for the EteSion of Members of Parliament.

COPYHOLD Estates; and Customary Estates, passing by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and not by Deed 5 Instruments rehtijg thereto, not other wise charged under the Jfriad y Mortgage, or of Conveyance upon the SaUdrf^tddi f

020

026

026

026

A*1 r '

COPYHOLD  continued.

Any Surrender made out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof 5 where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, fsV. and Mortgage.

Any Admittance out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where both a Surrender and Admittance, or more than one Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, shall be contained in the same Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whether upon a Sale, Mortgage or other Occasion, the proper Duty shall be paid, in respect to each Surrender and each Admittance.

And where any Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -The Copy of Court Roll of any Surrender made in Court; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings, -

See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands> &c.

and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Admittance in Court; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings -

And where Copies of both a Surrender and Admittance, or of more than one Surrender or Admittance, shall be contained in the same Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whether upon a Sale, Mortgage or other Occasion, the proper Duty shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance, except in the case of a Recotery herein after provided for.

. s. d.

100

050

100

050

100

100

050

100

050

I

3 R 2

980 C. 184. j5 GEO. III. A.D. 18ij

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty

COPYHOLD  continued. . /. d.

And where the Copy of any such Surrender or Admittance, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -The Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, 1 0 0

Admittances and other Acts, which shall take place in Court, for the Purpose of perfecting a Common Recovery of any entailed of or Customary Estate or Estates, Tenement or Tenements, from the Surrender to make a Tenant of the Praecipe, down to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, in Fee, or to the Admittance for Life of the former Tenant for Life, with Remainder to the Tenant in Tail, in Fee, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, both inclusive 5 or from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the Praecipe, inclusive, to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, or Tenant for Life, otherwise than as aforesaid, or to the Admittance of any other Person, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, exclusive; where the f clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed; Twenty Shillings - And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings And if the Copy of Court Roll of any other Admittance or Surrender, Admittances or Surrenders, shall be contained in the same Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances and other Alls for the Purpose aforesaid; the same shall be charged with such and the same Duty or Duties, as if the same had been written upon a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, over and above the said Duties hereby imposed on the Copy of Court Roll of the Recovery. Any Voluntary Grant by the Lord or Lady, dr Steward, of any Manor, made out of Court* or the Memorandum thereof, with or without 1 f Five Time* 1 0 0 r Five Times I 0 5 0

mittance thereon; where the clear yewtly Vdue of the Estate shall exceed Twenty '* -And where the same (hats '1 Twenty Shillings ,; % *VJi r Twice j t 0 0 Y Twice 1s e

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

COPYHOLD  continued. See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, fcfr. and Mortgage. . s. d.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Voluntary Grant made in Court, by the Lord or Lady, or Steward of any Manor with or without Admittance thereon;  where the clear yearly Value of the Estate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, ffc. and Mortgage. f Twice J I 0 0 f Twice t 0 5 0

And where any Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum, or Copy of Court Roll thereof, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressroe Duty of -Any Licence to demise, or the Memorandum thereof, if granted out of Court; and the Copy of Court Roll of any Licence to demise, if granted in Court; where the clear yearly Value of the Estate 100

shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the same shall not exceed Twenty 100

Shillings Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. Original Surrenders out of Court, and Copies of Court Roll of Surrenders in Court, to the Uses of a Will, or to a Trustee for the Uses or Purposes of a The Court Rolls or Boohs of any Manor, <utherein the Proceedings relating thereto shall be entered or minuted. 050

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule. DEBENTURE or CERTIFICATE for entitling any Person to receive any Drawback of any Duty or Duties, or Part of any Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise, or any Bounty, payable out of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported or shipped to be exported from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas; If the same shall not exceed iool. If the same shall exceed tool, and not exceed 0 4I O

200I. 3 R 3 0 10 0

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

DEB ENT U R E  continued. . /. d.

If the same shall exceed 200I. and not exceed 500I. 100

If the same shall exceed 500I. 200

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. All Debentures or Certificates for Bounty, which were heretofore exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament, granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Linens or Sail Cloth. DECLARATION of any Use or Trust, Uses or Trusto, of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing not being a Deed or Will, not other wise charged in this Schedule - 1 1 s 0

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressve Duty of If made by Deed.  See Deed. DEED, whereby any real Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland.  See Mortgage, Disposition. DEED containing an Obligation to infeft any Person, in Heritable Subjects in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, as a Security for Money, but without any personal Bond or Obligation therein for Payment of the Money intended to be secured.   See Mortgage. DEED of any Kind whatever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty - - 1 5 0

1 15 0

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above tb# first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of 1 5 0

DEFEAZANCE.  Deed, or other Instrument of Defeazance, of any Conveyance, Disposition, Assignation or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security for Money or Stock. 

- See Mortgage DEPUTATION by the Commissioners of Excise/*- r  See ComM* DEPUTATION or Appointment of a Gamakeep&r>5 0

DISCHARGE for Money.See Receipt. -w.<4* --

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

DISPENSATION for holding Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and a Benefice m England, where either of them shall be above the yearly Value of Ten Pounds in The King* Books -

And in all other cases

DISPENSATION of any other Kind, from the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, or the Mailer of the Faculties, for the time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualties during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See -

DISPOSITION of Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland to Angular Successors or Purchasers. 

- See Conveyance.

DISPOSITION of Lands or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland, to a Purchaser, containing a Clause, declaring all or any Part of the Purchase Money, a real Burden upon or affecting the Lands or Heritable Subjects thereby disponed, or any Part thereof 5

Such Disposition shall be charged, not only with the ad valorem andprogreJRve Duties hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein after charged on any Deed creating a real Burden on Lands in Scotland.   See Conveyance, Mortgage.

DISPOSITION in Security in Scotland. 

- See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Wadset, Heritable Bond, &c. 

- See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Lands or other Property, Heritable or Moveable, in Scotland, or of any Right or Interest therein, not otherwise charged in this Schedule -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

DOCQUET, made on passing under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Grant, Letters Patent, Exemplification, Conllat, or other Instrument, requiring a Docquet -

DONATION, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron,

Of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in England, of the yearly Value of 3 R 4

1

. s. d.

40 0 0

25 0 0

40 0 0

15

DONATION  continued.

Ten Pounds or upwards in The King's Books -

Of any other Ecclesiatical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in England DRAFT for Money.  See Bill of Exchange.

EIK to a Reversion.  See Mortgage.

EXCHANGE.  Any Deed, whereby any Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects in England or Scotland shall be conveyed, or auy of or Customary Lands or Hereditaments in England shall be covenacted to be surrendered in Exchange for other Lands or Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects \

If no Sum of Money, or only a Sum under 300I. shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange; the ordinary Duty of -

if. d.

20 0 0

10 0 0

1 iy 0

And if a Sum of 300I. or upwards shall be paid or agreed to be paid for Equality of Exchange -

'The fame ti valorem Duty ai far a Cen- veyance an tie Sale of Lanii far a Sum of Money equal to the Sum so paid r agreed to be paid.

And where any such Deed of Exchange, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of

1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progresstvc Duty of.

If the Deed be liable* in the first Instance, to a Duty of il. 15s.

Or if liable to a higher Duty in the first Instance And any Duplicate of any such Deed of Exchange shall be charged with the same Duty or Duties; and if the Exchange shall be effected or secured by separate Conveyances or Covenants, by distmft Deeds, each Deed shall be charged with the same Duty or Duties.

And in case there shall be more than one Deed for completing the Title to the Lapds or other Hereditaments or Heritable conveyed by either Party, the Jtfinci] Deed only shall be charged under this Tr"

of Exchange 5 and a#jr-f"I lateral Deed shall be chz to whmh^t^may^bo'4*1

EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ of any Letters Patent or Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, or of any Lands, Office or other Thing whatsoever;

For every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Exemplification or Constat shall be written EXTRACTS from Registers and Records in England and Scotland.  See Copy.

FACTORY, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland.  See Letter of Attorney. FACULTY, Licence or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Person to act a? a Notary Public in England -

FACULTY, Licence or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Person to act as a Notary Public in Scotland -

FACULTY from the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualtiesv during a Vacancy of the Archbishop's See, not otherwise charged

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof.  See Conveyance  Mortgage.

FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in Englandnot otherwise charged -

And where the same shall contain any Letter or Letters of Attorney to deliver or receive Seisin, a further Duty of -And where the same, together with any such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words pr upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty

FURTHER CHARGE.  See Mortgage.

GIFT of Ultimus Haeres, Bastardy, Escheat or Forfeiture, in Scotland.  See Grant.

GIFT of the vacant Stipend of any Parish in Scotland, whereof the Presentation to the Church shall beloug to The Crown -

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of the

5

30

ao

30

1

1

1

1

x.

o

o

o

o

!5

l5

5

10

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

GRANT  continued.

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or under the Seal kept and used in Scotland, in Place of the Great Seal formerly used there;

Of the Honour or Dignity of a Duke.---  ....  of a Marquis

of an Earl of a Viscount of a Baron of a Baronet

Of a Conge tPElire, to any Dean and Chapter, for the Election of an Archbishop or Bishop -

Of the Royal Assent to or Signification of the Election made by any Dean and Chapter, or of the Nomination and Presentation by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in default of such Election, of any Person to be an Archbishop or Bishop Of or for the Restitution of the Temporalties to any Archbishop or Bishop Of any other Honour, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever, or of any Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate And where Two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the same Letters Patent to the same Person, such Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in respect of the highest in point of Rank only.

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Person or Persons, in remainder, the Letters Patent shall be charged with such further Duty, in tfefpeft of every Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the same Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than One Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece thereof, after the first, a further prosnjfve Duty of -

Exemption* from the j Stamp Duties*

Commissiont of Rebellion in Pn

Duty.

. s. d.

350

300

250

200

150

100

30 0 0

30 0 0 30 0 0

30 0 0

GRANT  continued.

Letters Patent or Briefs for colic Sing Charitable Benevolences, (a)

Letters Patent for confirming any Dispensation hereinbefore charged with a Duty,

Letters Patent appointing Sheriffs in England and the Writs of Afftflance accompanying such Letters Patent.

GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank among Nobility, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors GRANT or Licence under the Sign Manual, to take and use a Surname and Arms, or a Surname only, in compliance with the Injunctions of any Will or Settlement - - '

GRANT or Licence under the Sign Manual, to take and use a Surname and Arms, or a Surname only, upon any voluntary Application -GRANT of Arms or Armorial Ensigns only, under the Sign Manual, or by any of the Kings of Arms of England or Scotland -

GRANT, Lease or Tack, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Exchequer in England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Seal kept and used in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Royal Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, unless directed to any of the Seals aforesaid

Of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, whatever the Tenure thereof may be, which have or shall come to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Escheat or Forfeiture, or as Ultimas Hseres, or by reason of the same being purchased by or for any Alien; or which His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, is or shall be otherwise entitled to, in Right of The Crown, and be authorized to dispose of absolutely, as he or they shall think fit; whether such Grant, Lease or Tack, shall be in Fee or Fee Tail, or for Term of Life or Years;

Or of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects belonging to the Duchy (a) [4 5 jinn. f. 14.]

100

So

10

10

t.

o

o

o

o

d.

o

o

o

o

SCHEDULE, PART I.

GRANT  continued.

of Lancaster, or belonging to The Crown in Scotland, whereof His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, is or shall be authorized to make only certain limited Grants, Lrease6 or Tacks; whether such Grant, Lease or Tack, shall be for Term of Life or Years

Or of any Goods, Chattels, or Personal or Moveable Estate, or other Profit, whereof the Grant is not otherwise charged io this Schedule

Where 'such Grant, Lease or Tack, shall be intended to operate in any Degree as a Gift, except in the cases next herein after mentioned, then for every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the same shall be written, a Duty of And where any such Grant, Lease or Tack operating as a Gift shall be of Lands or other Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, vested in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Efchcat or as Ultimus Hares, for want of Heirs of any Person, who was a bare Trustee thereof, or seized into the Hands of The Crown upon any Outlawry, in a Civil Action, at the Suit of any of His Majesty's Subjects

And if any such Grant, Lease or Tack, charged with a Duty of 1 /. 1 $/. together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over ami above the first 1, 080 Words, a furth^tffrogressive Duty of -And where act, such Grant, Lease or Tack, shall be made for what shall be deemed and intended as a full and adequate Considerat'ton for the same, either in Money paid at once, or in Rent, or in Lands or Hereditaments given in Exchange, or otherwise* GRANT, or Conveyance, under the Seal of the J)achy of Lancajlert made in pursuance of the

the 19th Year of His Majesty's - enabling the CfejMHffUftr*4 to fell certain R, e$0*$u#f

I

30 0 0

1 5 0

The same Duty at ta a Grant, Lufe tr Tack of the like Dr feription, made ky any of Hit Mt-jefiyt StkjcBt.

3c

GRANT  continued.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

All Grants, and Conveyances under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the said Act of the 19th Tear of H'ts Majesty's Reign t (a) where the Confederation Money paid for the same shall not exceed 1 cl.

GRANT, Lease or other Conveyance, from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Personal Estate, being respectively the Private Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and subject to His or their*absolute Disposal, by virtue of the Act passed in the 40th Year of His Majesty's Reign, (h) concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

GRANT under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, unless directed to any of the Seals aforesaid; out of the Civil List, either of England or Scotland, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament;

Of any Definitive and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to 100I.

Amounting to tool, and not amounting to 250I.

Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I.

Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 7501..- -

Amounting to 750I. and not amounting to

Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards; for every iool. thereof Or of any Annuity or Penfton,

Not amounting to iool. per Annum Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I per Annum Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 400I. per Annum, (a) [19 G. 3. c.tf. 10.] (() [39 40 <?. 3- 88.J

. s. d.

The same Duty at $k a Grant, Lease or Conveyance of the like Defer ipt ion, ftom any of Hit ATajefy's Subject.

I 20 0

4 O 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

5 O 0

1 IO 0

4 O 0

10 o 0

G R ANT  continued.

Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to 6col. per Annum Amounting to 600I. and not amounting to 800I. per Annum Amounting to 800I. and not amounting to

i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to 1000I. per Annum or upwards But where any such Grant of an Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where several and distinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the same Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing;

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 50I. per Annum -

And where the same shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200I. and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the lame shall amount to 300I. and not amount to cool, per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500I. and not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750I. and not amount to i, ocol. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, ooooI. and not amount to i, jool per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 500!. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 2>00oL and not amount to 3,000l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3*00oL per Annum or upward# -: -"

. X. i.

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

12 0 0

*5 0 0

35 0 0

5 0 0

75 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

G RANT  continued.

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, where practicable; and in other cases, according to the best Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to or of Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distindf Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and diltindl Duty, in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment thereof, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on such former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person, shall be in any manner augmented; and in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respect of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

GRANT by Copy of Court Roll.  See Conveyance, of.

GRANT upon the Sale of any Property not belonging to The Crown.  See Conveyance.

HERITABLE BOND.  See Bond, Mortgage.

INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in and to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion, in England;

Where the same shall proceed upon a Presentation -

And where it shall proceed upon the Petition of the Patron to be himself admitted and instituted; if the Benefice, Dignity or Promotion shall be of the Yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in the King's Books Or if the same shall be of any other Description But such Petition shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

INSTITUTION, by any Presbytery or other competent Authority, to Ecclesiastical Benefices in Scotland. 

- See Collation.

INVENTORY.  See Schedule.

. s. d.

2 0 0

30 O O

15 O O

LAND TAX. Instruments relating to the Redemption and Sale thereof.  See the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. belonging to His Majesty, in Right of The Crown, or othertfife. 

- See Grant.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. not belonging to His Majesty, viz.

LEASE (or Bargain and Sale) for a Year. 

- See Bargain and Sale.

LEASE or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heri- 'I table Subjects, granted in Consideration of a Sum of I Money by way of Fine, Premium or Graffum, paid > for the same, without any yearly Rent, or with any yearly Rent, under 20L J

( Save and except Leases and Tacks for a Life of Lives not exceeding Three, or for a Term of Tears determinable with a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, by whomsoever granted, and Leases for a Term absolute not exceeding Twenty one Tears, granted by Ecclesajlkcd Corporations, Aggregate or Sole.)

LEASE or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, at a yearly Rent, without any Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium or Graffum, paid for the same

Where the Yearly Rent shall not amount to 20I.

And where the same shall amount to 20I. and not amount to iool.

And where the same shall amount to idol, and not amount to aool.

And where the same shall amount to 2O0I. and not amount to 400I.

And where the same shallamount to 400!* and not amount to 600I.

And where the same shall amount to 600I. and not amount to 800I.

And where the same shall amount to 800I. and not amount to i, ooool* -

And where the same shall amount to i, ooool* or upwards

LEASE or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects,: granted in Consideration of a Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium or Graffum, and also of a yearly Rent amounting to 20I. or upwards - 5

( Save and except the Leases and Tacks bereMefrre I excepted*) I

4. x. <k

Tbtfamt Duty as ftr the Cenvcjaectthe Salt of Louis /era Sun of Mtvy of tbtfamt Amount.

1 0 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

10 0 0 Bath the id ralorem Duties payablt firLtafi in Ctafi-dtratien of a riot only, and jet a

Ltetfe in Ceafshr*-tnrtf a Rett cstlj, of the same Amend.

oy ^SoCK^lc

LEASE  continued.

LEASE, or Tack of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule -

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any Lease or Tack, hereby charged with a Duty not exceeding 11.

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any other Lease or Tack whatsoever And where any such Lease or Tack, Counterpart or Duplicate as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, Avail contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Leases or Tacks of wafie or uncultivated Lands to any poor or labouring Persons, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Ninety nine Tears i where the Fine flail not exceed Five Shillings, nor the reserved Rent One Guinea per Annum; and the Counterparts or Duplicates of all such Leases.

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine or Soldier serving as a Marine, or by the Executors or Administrators of any such Person for receiving Prize Money ----- - and for receiving

Wages -

LETTER of Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, Acceptance or Receipt of Dividends, of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds -LETTER or Power of Attorney, of any other Kind, or Commission or Factory in the Nature thereof

And where the same, together with any Schedule, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, Aiall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Letters of Attorney for the Receipt of Dividends of any definite and certain Share of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, producing a yearly Dividend of left than Three Pounds.

LETTER of Licence from Creditors to 3 Debtor 55 Geo. III. 3 3

d.

IS

The tile Duty as on the Lease or Tad.

TTER  continued,

And where the same, Jtogether with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the firfr

1, 080 Words, a further frogrejfvc Duty of TTERS of Marque and Reprisal TTERS Patent.  See Grant.

TTER of REVERSION, in Scotland.-

- See Mortgage. HENCE for Marriage, in England, if Special

- if not Special

HENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Vicar General, or other competent Authority, in England, for the Non Residence of any Clergyman upon his Living, pursuant to the Act of the 43d Year of His Majesty's Reign (a)

HENCE of any Kind, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seahof any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court in England, or which shall be

franted by any Presbytery, or other Ecclesiastical ower, in Scotland -

Exemptions from she preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Licences to Stipendiary Curates in England, wherein the Annual Amount of the Stipend shall be specifed; and Licences for the Non Residence of Clergymen upon Jtheir Livings; where granted on the Ground of there being no House or no ft House of Refdtncc thereon.

HENCE to use and exercise the Calling or Occupation of an Appraiser -

To be taken out yearly, by every Person who shall exercise the said Calling or Occupation,

or make any Appraisement or Valuation,

hereinbefore charged with a Duty, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee or Reward, except licensed Auctioneers.

HENCE to be taken*out yearly by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons who shall issue any Promissory Notes for Money payable to tjbe Bearer on Demand, and allowed to be re-iffu$^3: ENCE to be taken out yearly for uiini the Trade or Business of a Pawnbrol Cities of London sad Wefminstert or of the Two Penny Pofjb

. /. d.

a 0

0 to

Duty.

LICENCE  coni in tied.

And for using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker elsewhere

LICENCE to exercise the Faculty of Physic. 

- See Admission.

LICENCE to act as a Notary Public.  See Faculty.

LICENCE to demise of Lands.  See of. MARRIAGE LICENCE.  See Licence. MATRICULATION in the Uni verfi ties 

- See Admission.

MEMORIAL to be registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament, made or to be made for the Public registering of Deeds and Conveyances in England

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any such Memorial shall be written, after the first, a furtherprogrtffive Duty of

MEMORIAL to be registered or inrolled pursuant to Act of Parliament, of any Deed or Instrument, Deeds or Instruments, whereby any Annuity shall be granted or secured in England -

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which any fitch Memorial shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

MORTGAGE, Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, Further Charge, Wadset and Heritable Bond; Disposition, Assignation or Tack, in Security; and Eik to a Reversion; of or affecting any Lands, Estate or Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable whatsoever j

Also any Deed containing an Obligation to infeft any Person in an Annual Rent, or in Lands or other Heritable Subjects, in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, but without any Personal Bond or Obligation therein contained, for Payment of the Money or Stock intended to be secured,

Also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, in Trust, to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by exprefa Stipulation or other wise; except where such Conveyance shall be made for the Benefit of Creditors generally, or for the Benefit of Creditors specifiedt who shall accept the Provison made for Payment of their Debts in full Satisfaction thereof or who shall exceed rive in Number

J S 2

. 3. d.

7 10 o

o 10 o

o 10 o

too

o o

MO RTGAGE  continued.

Also any Defeazance, Letter of Reversion, Back Bond, Declaration, or other Deed or Writing for defeating or making redeemable, or explaining or qualifying any Conveyance, Disposition, Assignation or Tack, of any Lands, Estate or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security 5 Also any Agreement, Contract or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds for making a Mortgage, Wadset or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate or Property, comprised in such Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the same as a Security \

And also any Deed, whereby a real Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland:

Where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable,

Not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iool.

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I

Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I.

Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I.

Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ocol.

Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding

2.0001.

Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3>ooool.

Exceeding 3,000l. and not exceeding 4, ocol.

Exceeding 4,000l. and not exceeding 5>ool.

Exceeding 5, ooool. and not exceeding 10, cool.

Exceeding 10,000l. and not exceeding

15.0001.

Exceeding 15, ocol. and not exceeding

20.0001.

Exceeding 20, pool. -

And where the same respectively shall be made as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advanced or Po, or

which may become due UJJWV an Account!

r U

I 0 I 10 1 0

3 0

4 0

5 0

6 0

7 0

8 0

9 0

12 0

15 0

20 0

25 0

I

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

MORTGAGE  continued.

Current, together.with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the case may be; other than and except any Sum or Sums of Money to he advanced for the Insurance of any Property comprized in such Mortgage or Security against Damage by Fire, or to be advanced for the Insurance of any Life or Lives, pursuant to any Agreement in any Deed, whereby any Annuity shall be granted or secured for such Life or Lives.

If the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -

But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sura -

And where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of < England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, in Consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable

And where the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, and also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.

And in case the same respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Persons, of separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds the said act valorem Duty shall be charged for and in respect of each separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Shire in any of the said Stocks or Funds therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.

And where any such Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or.annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words

3 S 3,

. /. d.

25 o o

The same Duty at on a Mortgage or Wadset for fuel limited Sum.

The same Duty at on a Mortgage or Wadset for a Sum of Moneys equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured, according to the average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Mortgage or other Instrument aforesaid, or on either of the Ten Days f receding. 1

MORTGAGE  continued.

or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over' and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

MORTGAGE, &c.  Any Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, of any Mortgage or Wadset, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured, in all cases where the Person entitled to the Right of Redemption or Rever-fion shall not be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation; and also where the Person who originally made the Mortgage, Wadset or other Security, shall continue entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation; provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured

And in all other cases such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, shall be charged with

And where any such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, hereby charged with a Duty of 1 /. 15/. together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further and pro-grefitve Duty of Provided always, that where several distinct Deeds or Instrumenta falling within the Description of any of the Instruments hereby charged with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadsets, shall be made at the same time, for securing the Payment or Transfer of one and the same Sum of Money; or one and the same Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned j the said act valorem Duty, if exceeding 2/. shall be charged only on one of such Deeds or Instruments; and all the rest shall be charged with the Duty to which the same may be liable, under any more general Description of such Deeds or Instruments contained in this Schedule; and if required for the fateof Efi* dence, all the rest of such Deeds shall be also ftaxnped with some ^tk^ular

1 15 0

The same Duty tr Dutin at an original Mortgage, IVadftt cr ttltr Saurity.

v

i

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

MORTGAGE  continued. Stamp, for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty, on all the said Deeds or Instruments being produced duly stamped with the Duties hereby dnarged thereon. And where any of or Customary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, by means of a conditional Surrender or Grant; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Surrender or Grant, or the Memorandum thereof if made out of Court} or on the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender or Grant, if made in Court. And Copies of Court Roll, made after the 31st Day of August 1815 of Surrenders and Grants made in Court before or upon that Day, and subsequent to the 10th Day of 03ober 1808, shall be charged with the said act valorem Duties. But Copies of Court Roll, of Surrenders and Grants made before or upon the 10th Day of QBober 1808, shall not be liable thereto. And where any of or Customary Lands or.Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, or charged, together with other Property, for securing one and the same Sum of Money, or one and the same Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned; the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the Deed or Instrument relating to the other Property. And where there shall be Duplicates of any Deed or Instrument, chargeable with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadsets, exceeding 2/. one of them only shall be charged therewith, and the other or others shall be charged with the Duty to which the same may be liable, under any more general Description in this Schedule 5 and on the whole being produced duly stamped as hereby required, the latter'shall also be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty. Exemptions from the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, life. but not from any other Duty to which the same may be liable Any Deed or other Instrument made in pursuance of and conformably to any Agreement, Contrail or Bond, charged with, and which shall actually have paid the said act valorem Duty, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages granted by the Act of the 48 th Year of His Majesty's Reign before mentioned. (0) /r, 0 p i w

(o) [48 G. 3. c. 1490 3 s 4

MORTGAGE  continued.

Any Deed or other Instrument, made for the further Assurance only, of any Estate or Property, already mortgaged, pledged or charged as a Security, by any Deed or Instrument, which shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or Heritable Bonds, imposed by the AS of the 44th or the Act of the 48th Year of His Majesty's Reign before mentioned.

Any Deed or other Instrument made as an additional or further Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Shares of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, already secured by any Deed or Instrument, which shall have paid the said act valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or Heritable Bonds, charged by the said Act of the 44th (a), or the said Act of the 48th Year of His Majesty's Reign, to be exempt from the fold ad valorem Duty hereby charged\ so far as regards such Sum or Sums of Moneys or such Share or Shares of any of the said Stocks or Funds, before secured, in case such additional or further Security shall be made by the same Person or Persons who made the original Security; but if any further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the principal Money or Stock already secured, or shall be thereby secured to any other Person, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of such further Sum of Money or Stock.

And if necessary, for the fake of Evidence, the Deeds and Instruments hereby exempted from the said act valorem Duty, shall be stamped with a particular Stamp, for denoting or testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty, upon all the Deeds and Itistruments relating to the particular Transaction being produced, and appearing to be duly stamped with the Duties to which they were liable.

For General Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, fee the End of this Part of the Schedule.

MORTGAGE, Wadset, &c. with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Re?5cfioD, other Matter in the same Deed, viz. rf f T

(a) -

1

MOi

*n

for

SCHEDULE, PART I.

MO RTG A GE  continued.

Where any Deed or Writing shall operate aa a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, and also as a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion of any Lands, Estate or Property therein comprised, to, or in trust for, or according to the Direction of a Purchaser, such Deed or Writing shall be charged not only with the said act valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty hereinbefore charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property; but where the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reversion shall be thereby conveyed, or limited in any other manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage 5 And in all other cases where a Mortgage or other Instrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages shall be contained in one and the same Deed or Writing with any other Matter or Thing (<except what shall be incident to such Mortgage or other Instrument)9 such Deed or Writing shall be chargea with the same Duties (except the progressive Duty), as such Mortgage or other Instrument and such other Matter or Thing would have been separately charged with if contained in separate Deeds or Writings.

And where any such Deed or Writing, as is mentioned in the Two preceding Clauses, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of

1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further pro-gre/Jive Duty of -

MUTUAL DISPOSITION or Conveyance in Scotland.

- See Exchange and Partition. NOMINATION by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron, to any Perpetual Curacy in England -

NOTARIAL ACT; any whatsoever net other wise charged in this Schedule -

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum^ upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of -

Duty.

d

I o O

10 o 050

05

Duty.

ORDER for the Payment of Money. 

- See Bill of Exchange.

PARTITION.  Any Deed, whereby any Lands or other Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, in England or Scotland, shall be conveyed, or any of or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, m England, shall be covenacted to be surrendered, in order to effect a Partition or Division thereof, among Coparceners, Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, Heirs Portioners, Conjux Fiars, or Joint Proprietors of any fort;

A d.

If no Sum of Money, or only a Sum under 3C0I. shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality of Partition or Division; the ordinary Duty of -

15 0

And if any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting toqo1. or upwards, shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, for Equality

f Tie same id wlorem j Duty at for a Cut-f veyanct en tit Salt 1 tf Lands, fee a Sum of Monty equal It tie Amount of tit Sum or Sumsfo faU orapetdiobtfaii

And where any such Deed of Partition or Division, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1J080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further pro-grcjjtve Duty of,

If the Deed be liable, in the first Instance, to a

Duty of il. 158. - - -150

Or if liable to a higher Duty in the first

Instance - - -100

And any Duplicate of any such Deed of Partition or Division shall be charged with the same Duty or Duties.

And in case there shall be more than one Deed, for completing the Title to the Estate or Interest conveyed by either Party, the principal Deed only shall be charged wider this Head of Partition; and any subordinate or collateral Deed shall be charged with the Duty to which it may be lialde, under any other Description in this Schedule*'

A1 A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 184.

1003

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

POLICY  continued. or upon any Event or Contingency relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives, . s. d.

Where the Sum insured shall not amount to 500I. And where it shall amount to 500I. and not to 100

i, ooool. - -And where it shall amount to 1, ooool. and not to 2 0 0

3, ooool. And where it shall amount to 3,000l. and not to 3 0 0

5, ooool. - 4 0 0

And where it shall amount to 5,000l. or upwards POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby 5 0 0

any Insurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only, by any Public Company, or other Person or Persons duly licensed, or who ought to be licensed, by the Commimoners of Stamps, pursuant to the Act of the 22d Year of His Majesty's Reign, Cap. 48., or by the Royal Exchange or Lon-

don Assurance Corporation - And for and in respect of every Insurance from Loss or Damage by Fire only, which shall at any time after the 28th Day of September 1815 be made or renewed, or continued by any Public Company, or other Person or Persons licensed, or who ought to be licensed, as above mentioned, or by theRoyal Exchange or London Assurance Corporation, a Duty of Three Shillings for every iool. insured for a Year and at and after that Rate for any fractional Part of iool. insured, and for any fractional Part of 0 I 0

a Year, as well as for any Number of Years per Centum

for which the Insurance shall be made or re-

newed, or continued; but no Fraction of a per Annum.

Penny shall be charged Exemptions.030

Insurances on Public Hospital, and on Property

in any Foreign Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made, pursuant to the Act of the 50th Year of His Majesty's Reign, Cap. 35., by any Person or Persons, not being licensed pursuant to the said Act of the 22d Year of His Majesty's Reign, of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property, situated and being in any of the I Hands, Settlements or Territories belonging to or I under the Dominion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Sue-

POLICY  continued.

ceflors, in the West Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from Loss or Damage by Fire, for any Period of time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months

And also the further or additional Duty following; viz.

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Ship or Vessel, or upon any Goods, Merchandize or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the I Hands of Guernsey, Jersey> Alderney or Sark, or the Isle of Man, to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom or Islands, or Isle of Man

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona Jide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sura insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist

And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid; given or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum*insured;

If the whole Sura insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

But if the separate Inter ejls of Two or more diltin& Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of is. 3d. or 28. 6d. as the case my.

shall be charged thei r A of each and every:

of iool* a* well ar; of*

POLICY  continued.

every full Sum of ioc5l. which shall be thereby insured upon any fcpa-rate and distinQ Interest.

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance shall be made -upon any Ship or Vessely or upon any Goods, Merchandize or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any other Voyage than is hereinbefore specified, or for any certain Term or Period of Time, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months;

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall consist -

And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid, given or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.

And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every icol. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the same shall.consist -

But if the separate Interesls of Two or more distinct persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of 2x 6d, or 5/. as the case may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and dislintl Interest.

POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be calied, whereby any Insurance, commonly called a Mutual Insurance, shall be made, or whereby divers Persons shall insure, or agree to insure, one another, without any Premium or Pecuniary Consideration, from any I*ofs, Damage

. x- d.

02 6

026

050 o $ o

SCHEDULE, PART I. Duty.

POLICY  continued. . j, d.

or Misfortune, that may happen of or to any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods, Merchandize or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel, which may lawfully be insured; Upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or the Isle of Man, to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom or Islands, or Isle of Man;. For every Sum of iool. and also for each and every fractional Part of iool. thereby insured

to any Person or Persons Upon any other Voyage whatsoever, or for any certain Term or Period of Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months $ For every Sum of icoL and also for each and every fractional Part of iool* thereby in- 0 2 6

sured to any Person or Persons POLICY of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called; whereby any other lawful Insurance whatsoever, not hereinbefore charged, shall be made upon any Property or Interest whatever, from Loss or Damage of any Kind; Where the Premium or Confederation for such Insurance, actually and hona Jide paid, given 0 0

or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; o 2 6

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool.

then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the fame

shall consist - - -And where the Premium or Consideration for such Insurance, actually and hona Jide paid, given or contracted for, shall exceed the Kate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; and also where the Insurance shall be made for any other than & Pecuniary Consideration j 1 o 2 6

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed lOOlr And if the whole Sum insured shall o o

then for evyry iool. and

fractional Part of lodL

shall consist'*.'* r Ky --r^ [j.

V. ||Br'

I le

1.

POLICY  continued.

But if the separate Interesls of two or more distinct Persons shall be insured by one Policy or Instrument, then the said Duty of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the case may reauire, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fra&ional Part of 100I. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and diJlinS Interest.

POWER of ATTORNEY. 

- See Letter of Attorney. PRECEPT of Clare Constat, to give Seisin of Lands or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the (irft 1, 080 Words, a further progressvoe Duty of -

PRESENTATION by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron

To any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King's Books -

To any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity or Promotion whatsoever in England PROCURATION, Deed or other Instrument of

And where the same, together with any Schedule or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money,

Not exceeding One Pound and One Shilling Exceeding 11. is. and not exceeding 2I. 28. Exceeding 2I. 28. and not exceeding 5I. 53. Exceeding 5I. 5s. and not exceeding iol. Exceeding iol. and not exceeding 20I,

Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I.

Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iool.

Which said Notes may be re-issued, after Payment thereof, as often as shall be thought fit.

PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment, in any other manner than to the Bearer on Demand, but not ex-

. x. d.

o 5> o

090

20 O O

IO O O

1 IO O

100

005 o o 10 O I 3

019

020 030 o 50 086

SCHEDULE, PART I.

PROMISSORY NOTE  continued.

ceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5I. 5s. Exceeding 5I. 58. and not exceeding 20I. Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I. Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I. Exceeding 50]. and not exceeding iool.

Theie Notes are not to be re-issued after being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment, either to the Bearer on Demand, or in any other manner than to the Bearer on Demand, but not exceeding Two Months after Date, or Sixty Days after Sight, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I. Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool. Exceeding i, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding 2, ooooI. and not exceeding 3,000l. Exceeding 3, ooool.

The Notes are not to be re-issued after being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment to the Bearer or otherwise, at any time exceeding Two Months after Date, or- Sixty Days after Signt, of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 408. and not exceeding 5I. 5s. Exceeding 5I. 58. and not exceeding 29I. Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I. Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding tool. Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 300!. and not exceeding 500I. Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i, ooool. ^Exceeding j, ooool. and not exceeding 2, ooool. Exceeding 2, ooool. and not exceeding 3, ooool. Exceeding 3, 000b

Theie Notes are not to be re-issued after being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE for the Payment of any Sum of Money by Instalments, or for the Payment of several Sums of Money at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid Uadi be definite and certain -

A.D. 18rp

Duty.

/. i.

0 4

0 S 0 6 0 8

0 12

0 15

1 5

0 c 0 0 0 0 0

0 8

0 12

0 15

1 5

f The same Duty at w a Premijtry Ktit fuxyaUr in left than Txoa Mntht after Data far a &m equal U the vMt Arnett* af the Mm tuy tab*

-i.

PROMISSORY NOTE  continued.

And the following Instruments shall be deemed and taken to be Promissory Notes, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule; viz. All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the same shall be made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, and if the same shall be definite and certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty Pounds.

And all Receipts for Money deposited in any Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, which shall contain any Agreement or Memorandum, importing that Interest shall be paid for the Money io deposited.

Exemptions from the Duties on Promissory Notes.

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; where the same shall not be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, and also where the same shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the same shall amount to Twenty Pounds, or be indefinite.

And all other Instruments, bearing in any Degree the Form or Style of Promissory Notes, but which in Law shall be deemed Special Agreements, except those hereby expressly directed to be deemed Promissory Notes.

But such of the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Duty on Promissory Notes shall nevertheless be liable to the Duty which may attach thereon, as Agreements or otherwise.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Promissory Notes for the Payment of Moneys issuea by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

PROTEST of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, for any Sum of Money,

Not amounting to 20L -

Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to tool. -Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500I. or upwards PROTEST of any other Kind 55GJEO. III. 3T

o

o

o

o

o

s.

2

3 5

10

5

d.

o

o

o

o

o

C. 184.

55' GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

oio

PROTEST  continued.

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, upon which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progref-Jive Duty of -

PURCHASE DEED.  See Conveyance on the Sale of Lands, &c.

REAL BURDEN on Lands in Scotland, Deed creating.

- See Mortgage, Disposition.

RECEIPT or Discharge, given for or upon the Payment of Money,

Amounting to 2I. and not amounting to 5I. Amounting to 5I. and not amounting to iol. Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 20I. -Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to 50I. -Amounting to 50I. and not amounting to iool. -Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I. Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 300I. Amounting to 300I. and not amounting to 500I. Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to i, ooool. Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands And any Note, Memorandum or Writing whatsoever, given to any Person for or upon the Payment of Money, whereby any Sum of Money, Debt or Demand, or any Part of any Debt or Demand therein specified, and amounting to Two Pounds or upwards, shall be expressed or acknowledged to have been paid, settled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, or which shall import or signify any such Acknowledgment, and whether the same shall or shall not be Signed with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for a Sum of Money, of equal Amount with the Sum, Debt or Demand so expressed or acknowledged to have been paid, settled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule, and shall be charged with a Duty accordingly.

And any Receipt or Discharge, Note, Memorandum or Writing whatever, given to any Person for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain, import or signify any general Acknowledgment of any Debt, Account, Claim or Demand, Depfo $c* I counts. Claims or Demands, &b&^fbe [

. /. I

050

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 7 6

0 10 0

0 10 0

RECEIPT  continued.

Amount shall not be therein specified, having been paid, settled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be received in fully or in Discharge or Satisfaction of any such Debt, Account, Claim or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims or Demands, and whether the same shall or shall not be ligned with the Name of any Person, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of 1, ooool. or upwards, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule, and shall be charged with the Duty of Ten Shillings accordingly.

And all Receipts, Discharges and Acknowledgments of the Description aforesaid, which shall be given far or upon Payments made by or with any Bills of Exchange, Drafts, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall be deemed and taken to be Receipts given upon the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule.

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts.

Receipts exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts relating to the Assessed Taxes.

Receipts or Discharges given by the Treafhrer of the Navy, for any Money impressed to or received by him, for the Service of the Navy.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Agent, for Money impressed to him, on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance.

Receipts or Discharges given by any Officer, Seamen, Marine or Soldier, or their Representatives respectively, for or on account of anf Wages, Pay or Pension, due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Office or Ordnance Office.

Receipts or Discharges given for the Confderation Money, for the Purchase of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or South Sea Company, and for any Dividend paid on any Share of the said Stocks or Funds respectively.

Receipts or Discharges given for any principal Money or Interest due on. Exchequer Bills 3T 2

. /. d.

RECEIPT  continued.

Receipts given for Money deposited in the Bank of England, or in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Bank of the British Linen Company in Scotland, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, to be accounted for on Demand; provided the same be not expressed to be received of or by the Hands of any other than the Person or Persons to whom the same is to be accounted for. But if with InterJl  See Promissory Note, Receipts or Discharges written upon Promisory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof; or upon Bills of Exchange drawn out of but payable in Great Britain,

Receipts or Discharges given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Letters by the General Post acknowledging the safe'Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money. Receipts or Discharges indorsed or otherwise written upon, or contained in any Bond, Mortgage or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed or Instrument whatever, duly stamped according to the Laws in force, at the Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Consideration Money therein expressed, or the Receipt of any principal Money, Interest or Annuity thereby secured.

Releases or Discharges for Money, by Deeds duly stamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof.

Receipts or Discharges given for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandize from Great Britain, Receipts or Discharges for the Return of any Duties of Cu/loms upon Certificates of Over Entry,

Receipts or Acknowledgments of Payment indorsed upon any Bills, Orders, Remittance Bills or Remittance Certificates, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Masters and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Navy, under the Authority of the Act passed in the $Kth Tear of Hu Majestfs Reign, (a) for the mors expeditious

M. L35G.$, c. 95.

. s.

I

RECEIPT  continued.

Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy.

Receipts or Acknowledgments of Payment indorsed upon any Bills drawn pursuant to any former Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of the Navy, or by the Commissioners for ViSualling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, and taking care of Jtck and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy.

Receipts given solely for the Duty on fnfurances against Fire; and Receipts given for the Premium and Duty on such Insurances, to be liable only to the Receipt Duty in respeS of the Premium.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company 5

Where such Payment or Transfer shall not be already secured by a Bond or Mortgage, or by some other Instrument hereby charged with the same Duty as a Bond or Mortgage And where such Payment or Transfer shall be already secured as above mentioned RECOGNIZANCE, Statue Merchant and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contract or Agreement; or for the due Execution of any Office or Trull; or for rendering a due Account of Money received or to be received; or for indemnifying any Person or Persons against any Matter or Thing

And where any such Recognizance or Statute as aforesaid, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of z, o8o Words contained therein, over and above the First 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrister at Law, taken in either of the Innfrof Court in England.  See Admission.

3T3

. s. d.

i

Tit same Duty or Duties as on a Bond given for tie tile

England.

15

Duty.

REGISTER, or Entry of Degrees taken in the Universities of Great Britain.  See Admission1.

RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property. 

- See Conveyance.

RELEASE and Renunciation of Lands or other Property, Real or Personal, Heritable or Moveable, or of any Right or Interest therein; any Deed or Instrument of, not other wise charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain

2. 160 Words or upwards, then for every

entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the firli 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

RENUNCIATION upon the Sale of any Property. 

- See Conveyance.

RENUNCIATION of any Right or Interest in any

Property, otherwise than upon a Sale. 

- See Release.

RESIGNATION; principal or original Instrument of Resignation, or Service or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter or Seisin of any Houses, Lands or other Heritable Subjects, in Scotland, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure -

RESIGNATION; Instrument of Resignation of any Lands or other Heritable Subjects, in, Scotland not olf Burgage Tenure -

And where any of the said Instruments shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words a further progressive Duty of

REVOCATION of any Use or Trull, Uses or Trulls, of or concerning any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will -

And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain

2. 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first i, p8o a fuaikr progressive Duty of

If made fymDced.  See Deed.

SCHEDULE, Inventory or Catalogue of any Lands, Hereditaments or.; Heritable Subjects, or of any Furniture, Fixtures or other G^pds or Effedsj or containing the Terms and Conditions of any proposed

. /. d.

I 15 0

I 5 0

090

090

o90

1 5 0

a

- by

SCHEDULE  continued.

Sale, Lease or Tack, or the Conditions and Regulations for the Cultivation or Management of any Farm, Lands or other Property leased or agreed to be leased; or containing any other Matter or Matters of Contract or Stipulation whatsoever; which shall he referred to in or by, and be intended to be used or given in Evidence as Part of, or as material to, any Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed or other Instrument, charged with any Duty in this Schedule, but which shall be separate and dislinft from, and not indorsed on or annexed to such Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed or other Instrument

And if the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained thereiri, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progresstvc Duty of -

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Printed Proposals, published by any Corporation or Company, reJpcB'tng Insurances, and which shall be referred to in or by any Policy or Irflrument of Insurance issued by such Corporation or Company. SEISIN  Instrument of Seisin, given upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Constat, or Precept from Chancery, or upon any Wadset, Heritable Bond, Disposition, Apprising, Adjudication, or otherwise, of any Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland, not of Burgage Tenure And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first r, o8o Words, a further progressive Duty of -

SETTLEMENT^ Any Deed or Instrument, whether voluntary or gratuitous, or upon any good or valuable Consideration, other than a bona Jide pecuniary Consideration, whereby any definite and certain principal Sum or Sums of Money (whether charged or chargeable on Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects or not, or to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects or not, and if charged or chargeable on Lands or other Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, whether to be raised at all Events or not), or any definite and certain Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, shall be settled, or ageeed to be

5 o

5 o

9

9 o

3T4

SETTLEMENT - continued.

settled, upon or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, either in Possession or Reversion, cither absolutely, or conditionally, or contingently, or for Life, or other partial Interest, or in any other manner what foe ver;

If such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Value of such Share or Shares in all or any of the said Stocks or Funds, or both, mail not amount to i, ooooI.

And if the same shall amount to i, ooool. and not amount to 2, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 3, ooool. and not amount to 4, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 4, ooool. and not amount to 5, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 5, ooool. and-not amount to 7, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 7, ooool. and not amount to 9,000l.

And if the same shall amount to 9, ooool. and not amount to i2, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 12,000l. and not amount to 15,000l.

And if the same shall amount to 15,000l. and not amount to 20, ooool.

And if the same shall amount to 20,000l. or up wards -

And where any such Deed or Instrument as last mentioned, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of

1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of And for any Duplicate of any such Deed or Instrument as last mentioned Exemptions from the preceding ad valorem Duties on Settlements.

Bondsf Mortgages and other Securities operating as Settlements, if chargeable with the ad valorem Duties on Bonds and Mortgages hereinbefore granted.

Deeds or Instruments of Appointment or Appointment, in Execution of Powers gif* $ previous Settlement, Deed or wiH, 'te or i*

. s. d.

1 15 0

200 300 400 5 0 0

700 900 12 0 0

15 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

1 5 0

{Tbt same Duty tr Duties.

L,

SETTLEMENT  continued.

favour of Persons specially named or described as the ObjcBs of such Powers.

Deeds or Instruments, merely declaring the Trujls of any Money or Stocky pursuant to any previous Settlement, Deed or Willy or for securing any Gifts or Dispositions made by any previous Settlement, Deed or Will.

Willsy Testaments and Testament ary Instruments y and Dispositions mortis causa of every De- scription.

SPECIFICATION, to be inrolled or recorded, of any Discovery or Invention for which a Patent shall be obtained -

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

SURRENDE R upon the Sale of Lands or other Property.

- See Conveyance. SURRENDER (not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty) of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any Freehold or uncertain Interest, in any Lands, Hereditaments or Heritable Sub-- jests, not being of of or Customary Tenure -And where the same, together with any Schedule, Receipt or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, \ 60 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

SURRENDER of of Lands or Tenements. 

- See of and Mortgage. TACK of LANDS, &c. in Scotland, belonging to The Crown.  See Grant.

TACK of LANDS, &c. in Scotland, not belonging to The Crown.  See Lease.

TACK in Security.  See Mortgage. TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in either of the Universities in England TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admission of any Person, to any other Degree, in either of the said Um-verfities -

. j. d.

500 I o o

I 15 o i 5 o

S 0 0

10 o o

i

I

SCHEDULE, PART I.

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the East India Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwise

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company or Society whatever, upon the Sale thereof, or by way of Mortgage or Security,  See Conveyance  Mortgage.

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company or Society whatever, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage, or of Conveyance upon the Sale of anj Property

TRANSFER upon the Sale of any other Property. 

- See Conveyance.

TRANSFER of Mortgage, Wadset or other Security. 

- See Mortgage.

WADSET.  See Mortgage.

WARRANT of ATTORNEY (with or without a Release of Errors) to coofefs and enter up a Judgment in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lan-icaster and Durham; which shall be given a&a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company

Save and except where such Payment or Transfer shall be already secured by a Bond, Mortgage or other Security, which shall have paid the ad valorem Duty on Bonds or Mortgages imposed in this Schedule, or by the A3 of the 44th or the A3 of the e$th Year of His Majesty's Reign (a) before mentioned; and also except where the Warrant of Attorney shall be given for securing any Sum or Sums of Money, for which the Person giving the same shall be in Custody under an Arrejl; and in those cases a Duty of -

WARRANT or ORDER beneficial, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, ex-

(a) [44 G. 3. c, 89. 48 G, c. 149.] I

*3

A.tti

Duty.

d,

0 7 9

1 10 0

1 10 0

Tit same Dutfai a Btnd ftr the Hit Purfofe.

I

-toy

1.

Duty.

WARRANT or ORDER  continued.

cept where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army or Ordnance -

And where the same shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army or Ordnance And where several Persons shall be separately and distinctly (and not jointly) benefited by one Warrant, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each such Person.

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP DUTIES.

All Bonds, Contracts, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments whatever exempted from St am if Duty by the Act of the 17 th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 53. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for promoting the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for building, repairing or purchasing Houses and other Buildings, for the Use of their Benefices.

All Affidavits, Contracts, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Instruments whatever exempted from Stamp Duty by the Act of the 42*/ Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 116. or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Redemption and Sale of the JLand Tax.

All Transfers of Shares in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

All Grants, Leases and other Conveyances and Instruments, exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Land Revenues of Th: Crown.

All Bonds, Contracts and Alignments, relating to the Transportation of Convids.

. s. d. I IO O

0126

C. 184.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

SCHEDULE;  DART THE SECOND.

' Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable in England, for and in respect of erery Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the fereral Instruments, Matters and Things herein charged, shall be respectively written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or are expressly charged in any other manner.

And all the Instruments, Matters and Things, herein charged with a Duty, in re* spel of every Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the same shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and in such and the same Manner and Form, as the like Instruments, Matters or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equiry is mentioned generally, the same shall be taken to mean not only the Courts at Westminster, but also the several Courts of Law or Equity of the Great Sessions in Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or elsewhere in England.

PART THE SECOND.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the High Court of Admiralty; and in the Courts of the Cinque Ports exercising 'Admiralty Jurisdiction 5 the High Court of Appeals in Prize -causes; and the High Court of Delegates, in Admiralty Matters in England*

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the Paid Courts -

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order of any of the said Courts, or from any Court of Vice Admiralty, when interposed before a Notary Public in England -ATTACHMENT issuing out of any of the said Courts -BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts -COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts -COPY, (. c. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the said Courts COPY, (. e. Office Copy) of any Citation, Monition or Warrant issued out of a

COPY, (i.

Answfcr,

filed or exhibited in any COPY, (i.h Office Copy) of Order, or df any dfefi&ste n*4ejp any of iL{2^

any of the said Courts

e. Office Copy) of any Libel, AUegatioft, n* Interrogatories, Depositions or >.

r exhibited in any of the said Con|MflQi|^'

Duty.

U

1

ID.

m

l: h:

stall

i'/zv

'jit

'an*

rfdf

hi

zit

is

dff

5f

J

SCHEDULE, PART II.

Duty.

DECREE, or Order Interlocutory, made in any of the said Courts -

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by CommifGon from the same EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courte

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts RECOGNIZANCE.  See Bail Bond. RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued out of any of the said Courts -SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts

WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Proctor, to commence, carry on or defend any Action, Suit or Prosecution, in any of the said Courts; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -

. s. d.

1 0 0

0 5 0

3 0 0

1 0 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

1 10 0

05 0

0 5 0

II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclesiastical Courts, and in the High Court of Delegates, in Ecclesiastical Matters, in England. AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read or used in any of the said Courts -ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any Interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or York -

CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts COPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the said Courts -COPY, (i. e* Office Copy) of any Citation or Monition, issued out of any of the said Courts COPY, (i. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Answer, Interrogatories, Depositions or Inventory filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts COPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of any Interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree of any of the said Courts

DECREE, final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts -

050

050

050

15 o o 050 050

050

050

o $ o

050

050

SCHEDULE, PART II.

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commission from the same -

EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts -

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION issuing out of any of the said Courts SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts -

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Proctor, to commence, carry on or defend any Suit or Prosecution in any of the said Courts, for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -

III.

PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity at Westminster, including the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, and in other Courts in England, and the Offices belonging thereto, and also before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or CommissionerB for the Custody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, and out of which no Writs, Procef* or Mandates issue, in the first Instance; for the Entry of every Action or Plaint, except where the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to Forty Shillings -AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read or used in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westm\njlery or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham; or before any Judge or Mailer, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissionera of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy -

AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read or used in any other Court of Law or Edttity, in England^

A&ione or Suits, wbfeire the Debt or "

- Thing claimed or demanded shall be under

Duty.

. s. I

0 5 0

300

050

APPEARANCE filed or entered in any Action at Law wherein no Bail shall be filed or put in -ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond -BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law BAIL Special, to be filed in any Court of Law

BAIL BOND in any Action, in any Court of Law BANKRUPTS Certificate; the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal BILL filed in any Court of Equity -CERTIFICATE by any Mailer of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, of any Default of any Person, in any Suit, or Proceeding before them COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Court of Law or Equity -COMMISSION of Bankrupt COMMISSION of Lunacy

COMMISSION out of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnesses, or taking Depositions COMMISSION of any other kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity -COPY, (i. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine; or before any Judge or Mailer, or other Officer of any of the said Courts, or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in'Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy -

CQPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read or used in any other Court of Law or Equity, except in Actions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed and demanded, shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings -

COPY, (i. e. Office Copy) of any Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Exceptions, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or other Pleacting, or of any Interrogatories, or Depositions, taken by Commission or otherwise, in any Court of Equity

Where any such Copy shall be written wide, according to the Usage and Practice of the Court, and not contain more than 90 Words in a Sheet, one with another, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written -

And where any such Copy shall be written clpfe Copy-wife, according tQ the Usage and Practice of the Court, or ip any other manner than above mentioned, then for

. s. d. 026 026 026 026 026

o 2  5

050

o 10 o 050 050

050

050

026

016

O ON

1024

C. 184.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18tj,

COPY  continued,

every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written -COPY f of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law -

COPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of Interrogatories and the De-positions or Answers thereto, in any Court of Law, containing not more than 72 Words in a Sheet, one Sheet with another -COPY, (/. e. Office Copy) of any Rule or Order, made or given in or by any Court of Law at Westminster, or by any Judge of any such Court COPY, (/.e. Office Copy) of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster, or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any such Copy shall be written after the First, a further progressve Duty of COPY, (i. e. Office Copy) of any Decree, Dismission or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster^ at Westminster; or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine COPY, (i.e, Office Copy) or Extract of any Record, Report or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, nor otherwise charged in this Schedule -DECLARATION in any Court of Law DECREE or Dismission made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster -

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the First, a iurthtrprogrej/ive Duty of -DECREE or Dismission made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster at Westminster; or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or in or by any other Court of Equity whatsoever -DEMURRER in any Court of Law DEMURRER in any Court of Equity DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commission out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper Drafts thereof before the same are engrossed) -DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and not by Commission -

t Sic. '

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

o

0

0

0

o

o

0

/. & 2 6

0 4

0

4

2

6

3 0

1 6

2

6

2 0

0 4

3 0

1 6

2 6

0 4 5 0

5 0

0 4

. s. d.

0 0

6 xo 0

O 5 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

0 10 0

0 10 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 xo 0

0 3 0

0 1 6

0 2 6

0 2 6

DEPOSITIONS or Answers to any Interrogatories in any Court of Law -DEPUTATION (special) or Warrant by the Sheriff of any County, to any Person, to take an Inquisition under a Writ of Inquiry -

EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule) GRANT of the Custody of the Person or Estate of any Lunatic -

INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, /or each Part or Indenture INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or under Sheriff, or by or before any Person specially deputed or authorized by the Sheriff to take the same, or by or before any Coroner, in any Action at Law -

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity, or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy JUDGMENT (not Interlocutory), signed by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or by any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Westminster, who is or shall be authorized to sign Judgments -

ORDER made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster; or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy -

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written after the Firfr, a further progressive Duty of -ORDER made or given in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster at Westminster, or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine ORDER made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster

Except such as shall he made on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor; and except all Orders for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiff*s Demand, or for flaying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Cofis: and all Orders for Time to plead, reply or rejoin, after the first Order for that Purpose

55 Geo. III.

3U

*oad

C184.

5sGo; m.

PETITION in any Suit or Matter in any of the Courts of Equity at Westminster; and Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, in any Matter of Bank ruptcy or Lunacy PLEA in any Court of Law PLEA in any Court of Equity PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Law, not other wise charged in this Schedule PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity, not otherwise charged in this Schedule POSTEA

RECORD of Nisi Prius -REJOINDER in any Cdurt of Law REJOINDER in any Court of Equity REPLICATION in any Court of Law

REPLICATION in any Court of Equity REPORT made by any Matter of the High Court of Chan eery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy -RULE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts at Law at Westminster, which shall be issuedor delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, to the Party obtaining it -

And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules or other Officer for that Purpose, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves -RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of*- -iea as

the said Courts of Law at Westminster, ' not iffui above mentioned, but which (half be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, for that Purpose; for the Entry of every such Rule -SUMMONS issued by1 any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Westminster -

Except such as shall be issued on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor; and except all Summonses for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiffs Demand, or for flaying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Costs } and all Summonses for Itme to plead, reply or rejoin, after the first Summons for that Purpose.

WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Attorney or Solicitor, to commence, carry on or defied any Action, Suit or Prosecution in any.of the

AjJ.iiiJ.

Duty.

i 6 0 4 5 .

0 4

0 3

l 6 1 0

at Westminster, or of, the Great Sessiona in of the said Cot* whatsoever, hb amoimta to Potty 8 Minute theropt to I

WARRANT or Summons, issued by any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or by His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his De-

WARRANT of Attorney, not otherwise charged in the first Part of this Schedule

WRIT of Appeal -

WRIT of Certiorari -

WjRlT of Covenant for levying a Fine -

WRIT of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery WRIT of Error

WRIT of Supersedeas of a Commission of Bankrupt WRIT, Mandate or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of, or pass the Seal of any of the Courts at Westminster, or of the Great Sessions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or of any other Court in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings, except in Actions or Suits where the Debt, Damage or Thing claimed or demanded shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings-

. s.

0 I

1 o

I o

I o

i o

i o

1 o

0 2

0 S

o

o

o

o.

o

o

6

IV.  PROCEEDINGS IN THE COURTS IN SCOTLAND,

Upon which the relative Duties are to be charged only ori the first Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper; whereon the several Instruments, Matters and Things specified shall be written or printed, except where progressive Duties are expressly mentioned.

For the Proceedings in the Court of Session, including the Bill Chamber, the Commission of Teinds, the Court of Exchequer, and the High Court of Admiralty, the several Duties specified in the first Column.

And for the Proceedings in the Commissary Court of Edinburgh and all the Courts in Scotland (other than those above mentioned, and the Court of Justiciary), the several Duties specified in the second Column.

ADVOCATION, Letters of FFIDAVII, to be filed, read or used in the Court of Exchequer .' .' -

And for every Sheet orr Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the first, a i\xrthec^rogrcJ]ive Duty of

Duty. Duty.

. s. d. . s d.

050 

026 1

026, 1

*03$

C. 184.

GEO. III.

Duty*

A.D. 18ij.

AMENDMENT of Libel.  See Summons.

ANSWER to a Petition and Complaint, or to any original Petition or Application in any Process or Suit, other than a Bill of Advocation or Suf-pension -

ANSWER to any such Bill, or to a Reclaiming or Incidental Petition, or to a Representation, Con-defipendepee, or any other Paper not being an original Application APPEAL.-^See &ll of Advocation. APPLICATION, original, under whatever Title BILL QF ADVOCATION, Bill of Suspension

Appeal -

BOND OF CAUTION or Surety in the Bill Cham ber, or for Appearance, or in a Law Burrows, or incidental to any Process or Suit, or for Payment in Terms of the Decree to follow upon any Process or Suit -BOND on a Confirmation of Testament and Bond judicial of any other O?fcrijrtion.  See Bond in the first Part of this Schedule.

CASE

CLAIM, being the first Paper in a Process or Suit in behalf of the Party for whom it is offered CLAIM of any other Description

Except, any Claim in any Process of Multiple Poinding or Ranking of any principal Sum under 12I. in the Superior or $L in the Inferior Courts,

COMPLAINT or Petition and Complaint CONDESCENDENCE of whatever Description -DECLARATION, judicial

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progrejpve Duty of -

DEFENCE of whatever Description -

DEPPsmO.N or DEPOSITIONS, whether in

..pijefehce of the Court, or taken by Commission,

or otherwise -

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the same shall be written, after the first, a further progressive Duty of DILIGENCE, or Incidental Diligence, Letters of DUPLY* -

EDICT. . See Summons.

ESTIMATE.  Sec Report.

EXTRACT of any Decree (not being a mere Decree* of Regift ration proforma), or of yVbbreyate Act, Comorffofe, Wa*?*ni; #>*-

taftatiofr v *I, '^-

1

*. d. . /. 1

050 026

026 0 1 3

0 0 026

0 ^1 0 026

026 026

026 0 1 3

050 026

02 6 0 1 3

0 2^ 0 1 3 0 I 3

0 1 3

026

0 x 3

0 1 3

0*\ 0 1 0

i./.

-^1

" - I

Doty.

INFORMATION -

INTERROGATORIES exhibited in behalf of any Party to a Process or Suit -

INVENTORY of any Interest in a Multiple Poinding or other Process or Suit, when not preceded or immediately accompanied by a Claim or other Step of Procedure charged as an original Application for or ih behalf of the Party for whom such Inventory is exhibited (other than and except any Inventory of an Interest in a Process of Multiple Poinding or Ranking, where the principal Sum claimed shall be under 12I. in the Superior or 5I. in the Inferior Courts)

INVENTORY or any other Dtiscription, when not immediately accompanying and referred to in a separate Paper or Step of Procedure charged in this Schedule -

LIBEL.  rSee Summons.

MANDATE.  See Warrant. MEMORANDUM.  See Warrant. MEMORIAL, of whatever Description -MINUTE, of whatever Description, which may J)e lodged by, or in behalf of, any Party to a Process or Suit -

NOTE in any Suit or Process, except in the Sill Chamber

OBJECTION, being the firftPaperin aProfcefsorSait m behalf of the Party for whom it may be offered OBJECTION, of any other Description PETITION, being an original Application, or the first Paper, in a Proteis or Suit in behalf of the Party for whom it may be offered*PETITION, of any other Description PLEADING or STATEMENT, of whatever Description, whether written or printed, ih any Suit or Process, offered in behalf of any Party, or by Order of the Court, and not otherwise charged in this Schedule PRECEPT, in the Nature of a Summons. 

- See Summon^. PRECEPT, in the Nature of a Diligence PREPARED STATE'1 -

PROTESTATION, lodged in behalf of ariy Party to a Process or Suit -

QUADRUPLY

REPLY -

REPORT* ESTIMATE or SCHEME, prtfiared in cdnfequ^hce of the Appointment, Ofdr or Authority of a Judge -

3U3

t St dm  St dm

026 o i 3

2 6

050

026

026

026

026

056

026

o $ o

026

026

d 2 6

o y o 05 o 050

o 1 3

026

*3

o 1 3

013

o 1 3

o i 6

o 1 3

o*6

o*3

0*3

0 t 3 6 I 3

d 2 6 o 2  6 i 6

d 2 6 <5 + 3

1030. i84. 55 GEO. III.

SCHEDULE, PART II. Duty. Duty.

REPRESENTATION -, -SCHEME.  See Report. SIGNET LETTERS, or Writs passing His Majesty's Signet, of whatever Description, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, (other than and except Letters of Horning and Poinding, and . s. d. 02 6 ! O

Letters of Caption for Debts under 12I.) STATE of INTERESTS in any Process or Suit SUMMONS of whatever Description, Libel, Amendment of Libel, Edict, Precept, of the Nature of 026

026 0 1 3

a Summons - - - - 050 026

SUSPENSION, Letters of.050 026

TRIPLY, -WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Solicitor, Attorney, Agent or Procurator, to " commence, carry on, defend or appear in any, Action, Suit or Procedure, at the Instance or in behalf of any Party or Parties not having distinA Interefb, for the Memorandum or Minute 050 0 2 6

thereof to be entered or filed of Record 0 0, 0 0 2 6

V.  GENERAL exemptions from all stamp duties.

Warrants, Mandate: or Authorities to commence, earn on or defend any ddiont, Suits or Prosecutions in any Court, where the Debt, Damage or Thing claimed or demanded, shall not amount to or be of the Value of Forty Shilling/. Warrants, Mandates or Authorities to commence, carry on or defend any Prosecutions or Proceedings upon IndiSments, or upon any Information, Suit, Writ or Process, in the Name of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Instance of the Attorney General of England, Lord Advocate of Scotland, or other Officer legally authorised to prosecute or sue in the Nam or for the Intcrcjl of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors-But these Exemptions are not to extend to Informations in the Nature of Quo Warranto, fled by His Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King9: Bench i nor to Informations in Courts of Equity^at the Relation of Private Persons; nor to Informations where any othePTerson than His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be entitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture or any Share thereof All Proceedings for or on behalf of any Perf on legally admitted to fie or defend in forma pauperis; and all Proceedings of Courts Martial} anda(J Proceedings in Criminal Suits, and Prosecutions wFatfiepirfp*:

All Orders, Decrees and Proceedings of or before any. Contht^fonttsjf \$t9irs, and of or in the Stannary Courts in England. _ j ^T'- JK.

SumnMrs, Astachmeu^ Emequftma^fpi'of any of the Court*

*f$k&wfr* co&mony called Courts ofil

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. nL C. 1844 1031

T

l>

T

it

i I

j

f.

i:

1

1

SCHEDULE;  PART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on CONFIRMATIONS of Testaments testamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Commissary Courts; in Scotland; and on LEGACIES out of Real or Personal, Heritable or I Moveable Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estates upon Inteftacy.

SCHEDULE, PART II.

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS  continued.

All Warrants to sue and defend in the Courts Baron of any Honours or Manors in England, which hold Pleas in ASions or Suits for any Debt or Damages not exceeding Five Pounds j and all Plaints, Summonses, Executions, Writs and other Proceedings in or issuing out of such Courts.

All Proceedings in the Courts calied, or commonly known by the Name of Small Debt Courts in Scotland.

And all Proceedings under the Scotch Statute relative to the Aliment of Poor Pris oners, or under the A3 of Sederunt of the Court of Session in Scotland, relative to the Liberation of Prisoners on account of Sickness.

All Petitions, Proceedings and Copies exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Abuses of Trusts for Charitable Purposes.

PART THE THIRD. Duty.

PROBATE of a Will, and Letters of Administration with a Will annexed, to be granted in England; CONFIRMATION of any Testament testamentary, or Eijt thereto, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, where the Deceased shall have died before or upon the 10th Day of October 1808, and subsequent to the 10th Day of October 1804; INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland, of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased, who shall have died after the 10th Day of Odoher 1808, and have left any Testa-mejjt of testamentary Disposition of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate and Effe&a, or any Part thereof; Where the Estate and Effects for qr in respect of \vhich such Probate, Letters of Administration, ConfirmationorEikrespectively, shall be granted qr expected, or whereof such Inventory shall be exhibited and recorded, exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to asr a Tnflee for any other Person. or ferfont, and not ben^c tally, mall be. 4.

d.

los*

C.I&4*

5$*Geo.hl

A.D. 181y,

PROBATE, &c.  continued.

above the Value of 20I. and under the Value of iool. of the Value of iool. and under the Value of 200I.

of the Value of 200I. and under the Value of 300I.

of the Value of 300L and under the Value of 450I.

of the Value of 450I. and under the Value of 600I.

of the Value of 600I. and under the Value of 800I.

of the Value of 800I. and under the Value of j, cool.

of the Value of i, ooal. and under the Value of 1,500l

of the Value of 1,500l. and under the Value of 2, ooool.

of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3,000l.

of the Value of 3>ooool. and under the Value of 4, pool.

of the Value of 4,000l. and under the Value of 5, ooool.

of the Value of 5,000l. and under the Value of 6, ooool.

of the Value of 6, ooool. and under the Value of 7, ooool.

of the Value of 7, ooool. and under the Value of 8, oopl.

of the Value of 8, ooool. and under the Value of 9,000l.

of the Value of 9, oppl. and under the Value of 10,000l.

of the Value of 10,000l. and under the Value of i2, ooool. of the Value of 12,000l. and under the Value of 14,000l.

of the Value of 14,000l. and under the Value of i6, oocl. -.of the Value of i6, ooool. and under the Value of i8, ooool.

of the Value of i8, ooool. and under the Value of zOjOCoL -' A

of the Vahir of 20,000l. and.Value of a

Duty.

. /. I 0 10 0 200

s

8

11

*5

22

3

40

5

60

80

100

I2Q

I40

l6o

t8o

200

25O

280

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

A.D. 18tJ. 55 GEO. III. C. 184. ioJj

SCHEDULE, PART III. Duty.

PROBATE, &c.  continued. of the Value of 30,000l. and under the . r. d.

Value of 35, 0001 of the Value of 35,000l. and under the 450 0 0

Value of 40,000l. of the Value of 40,000l. and under the 525 0 0

Value of 45,000l. of the Value of 45,000l. and under the 600 0 0

Value of 50,000l. of the Value of 50,000l. and under the 675 0 0

Value of 6o, ooool. of the Value of 6o, ooool. and under the 750 0 0

Value of 70,000l. of the Value of 70,000l. and under the 900 0 0

Value of 8o, ooool. of the Value of 8o, ooool. and under the 1, 050 0 0

Value of 90,000l. of the Value of 90,000l. and under the 1, 200 0 0

Value of ioo, ooool. of the Value of ioo, ooool. and under the 0 0

Value of 120, ooool. of the Value of i20, ooool. and under the U500 0 0

Value of 140,000l. of the Value of 140,000l. and under the 1, 800 0 0

Value of i6o, ooool. of the Value of i6o, ooool. and under the 2, 100 0 0

Value of i8o, ooool. of the Value of i8o, ooool. Value of 200,000l. of the Value of 200,000l. and under the 2, 400 0 0

and under the 2, 700 0 0

Value of 250,000l. of the Value of 250,000l. and under the 3oooo 0 0

Value of 300,000l. of the Value of 300,000l. and under the 3*750 0 0

Value of 350,000l. of the Value of 350,000l. and under the 4, 500 0 0

Value of 400,000l. of the Value of 400,000l. and under the 5, 250 0 0

Value of 500,000l. of the Value of 500,000l. and under the 6, 000 0 0

Value of 6co, ooool of the Value of 6bo, ooool. and under the 7, 500 0 0

Value of 700,000l. of the Value of 700,000l. and under the 9, 000 0 0

Value of 8oo, ooool. of the Value of 800,000l. and under the 10, 500 0 0

Value of 900,000l. of the Value of 900,000l. and under the 12, 000 0 0

Value of i, oooo, ooool. - - - 13, 500 0 0

1 of the Value of i, oooo, ooool. and upwards - 15, 000 0 0

C. 184.

5S GEO. III.

*034

A.D. 1fy

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, without a Will annexed, to be granted in England; CONFIRMATION of any TESTAMENT dative, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, where the deceased shall have died before or upon the 10th Day of October 1808, and subsequent to the 10th Day of October 1804;

INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded in any Cora-miliary Court in Scotland, of the Estate and EffeU of any Person deceased who shall have died after the 10th Day of October 1808 without leaving any Testament or testamentary Disposition of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate or Effects, or any Part thereofj

Where the Estate and Eife&s for or in respect of which such Letters of Administration or Confirmation respectively shall be granted or, expected, or whereof such Inventory shall be

exhibited and recorded, excluftvc of what the jPeceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trusteefor any other Person or Persons, and not benefetally, mall be

above the Value of 20I. and under the Value of 50I.

of the Value of 50U and under the Value of 100I.

of the Value of tool, and under the Value of 200I.

of the Value of 200I. and under the Value of 300I.

of the Value of 30pl. and under the Value of 450I.

of the Value of 45pi. and under the Value of 600I..-

of the Value of 6opl. and under the Value of 800I.

of the Value of 800L and under the Value of i, oocl.

of the Value of i, opol. and under the Valued of 1,500l.

of the Value of 1,500l. and under the Value t of 2, ooool.

of the Value of 2, ooool. and under the Value of 3,000l.

of the Value of 3,000l. and under the Value of 4, ooool. -

of the Value of 4,000l. and under the Value of 5, cool. ,. n

0 10 c

I 0 0

3 0 0

8 0 0

U 0 0

0 0

22 0 0

30 0 0

45 0 0

Co 0 0

IS 0 0

90 0 0

120 0 0

i a.d.isij. 55 GEO. III. c. 184.

SCHEDULE, PART III. Duty.

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, &c of the Value of 5, ooool. and under the Value . X. d.

r of 6, ooool. - of the Value of 6, ocoh and under the Value 150 0 0

of 7, ooool. - of the Value of 7, ooool. and under the Value 180 0 0

of 8, cool. -of the Value of 8, ooool. and under the Value 210 0 0

of 9,000l..of the Value of 9,000l. and under the Value 240 0 0

of 1 o, ooool. of the Value of 10,000l. and under the 270 0 0

Value of i2, ooool. of the Value of i2, ooool. and under the 300 0 0

Value of 14,000l. of the Value of 14,000l. and under the 330 0 0

Value of i6, ooool. 375 p 0

of the Value of 16, ooooL and under the

Value of i8, ooool. of the Value of i8, ooool. and under the 420 0 0

Value of 20, ooool. of the Value of 2Q, ooool. and under the 465 0 0

Value of 25,000l. of the Value of 25,000l. and under the S25 0 0

Value of 30,000l. - -of the Value of 30, 090!. and under the 600 0 0

Value of 35, 9001. of the Value of 35,000l. and under the 675 0 0

Value of 40, 0091. of the Value of 40, ooool. and under the 785' 0 0

Value of 45,000l. of the Value of 45,000l. and under the 900 0 0

Value of 50,000l. of the Value of 50,000l. and under the 1, 010 0 0

Value of 6o, ooool. of the Value of 6o, ooool. and under the 1, 125 0 0

Value of 70,000l. of the Value of 70,000l. and under the i35o 0 0

Value of 8o, ooool. of the Value of 8o, ooool. and under the i575 0 0

Value of 90,000l. of the Value of 90,000l. and under the 1, 800 0 0

Value of ioo, ooool. of the Value of ioo, ooool. and under the 2, 025 0 0

Value of I20, ooool. of the Value of i20, ooool. and under the 2, 250 0 0

Value of 140,000l. of the Value of 140,000l. and under the 2, 700 0 0

Value of 160,000l. 3*50 q 0 t

LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION, Hc  toniinueJ.

of the Value of i6o, o0ol. and under the Value of i8o, ooool. of the Value of i8o, ooool. and under the Value of 200, ooool. of the Value of 200*000l. and' under the Value of 250,000l. of the Value of 250,000l. and under the Value of 300,000l. of the Value of 30o, ooooL and under the Value of 350,000l. of the Value of 350, 0061. and under the Value of 400,000l.

of the Value of 400,000l. and under the Value of 500,000l.*

of the Value of 500,000l. and under the Value of 600,000l.

of the Value of 600,000l. and under the Value of 700,000l.

of the Value of 700,000l. and under the Value of 800,000l.

of the Value of 800,000l. and under the Value of 900,000l.*

of the Value of 900, 0601. and under the Value of i, oooo, ooool.

of the Value of i, oooo, ooool. and upwards -Exemptions from all Stamp Duties.

Probate of Will\ Letters of Administration, Coti-formation of Tefiament, and Eik thereto, and Inventory of the EJfe&s of any Common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who Jhdll bejlairi or die in the Service of His Mqjefy, his Heirs or Successors

Additional Inventory to he exhibited and recorded.in any Commijptry Court in Scotland; where the same shall not be liable to a Duty of ' greater Amount than the Duty already paid

upon any former Inventory exhibited and recorded of the Estate and EJfeSs of the same Person.

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS to Personal or Moveable Estate upon Inteftacy.

I. Where the Tejldtor, Testatrix or Inlefate died before or upon the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, Specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20I. or upwards, given byny Will or Te ft ament ary Instrument of -any

Duty.

A r. I

3 >600 0 0

4*050 0 0

4*500 0 0

5*625 0 0

6, 750 0 0

7, 875 0 0

9, 000 0 0

11, 250 0 0

13.500 o 0

15*75 0 0

18, 000 0 0

20, 150 0 0

22.500 0 0

LEG

1

lA.IXigiy,

55 GEO- HI.

C 184* '

*3T

LEGACIES, &c.  continued.

Person who died before or upon the 5th Day of April 1805, out of his or her Personal or Moveable Eft ate, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, after the Thirty first Day of Au-gufi 1815.

Alio for the clear Residue (when devolving to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Estate of any Person who died before or upon the 5th Day of April 1805 (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first payable thereout), whether the Title to such Residue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy 5 where such Residue, or Share of Residue shall be of the Amount or Value of 20I. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied or discharged, after the Thirty first Day of August 1815.

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, on the Amount or Value thereof

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the De- ceafedr or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the De-ceafd; a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such* Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceasedf or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof

. t. d.

per Cent.

2 IO O

per Cent. 400

per Cent. 500

A.D

C.i8* 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181f

SCHEDULE, PART. III.

Duty.

LEGACIES, &c.  continued.

And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood, to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Eight Pounds ter per Cent.

Centum on the Amount or Value thereof - 8 o

I

o

II. Where the Testator, Testatrix or Intejlate,

shall have died after the yth Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20I. or upwards, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5 th Pay of April 1805, either out of his or her Personal or Moveable Estate, or out of or charged upon his or her Real or Heritable

Estate, or out of any Monies to arise by the Sale, Mortgage or other Disposition of his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or any Part thereof, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, Satisfied or discharged after the 31st Day of August 1815

Also, for the clear Residue (when devolving to One Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when devolving to Two or more Persons) of the Personal or Moveable Estate, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805, (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first payable there- {

out), whether the Title to Such Residue, or 1

any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy j where such Residue, or Share of Residue, shall be of the Amount

or Value of 20I. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, delivered, retained, Satisfied or discharged after the 31st Day of August 1815: (

And also for the clear Residue (when given to one Person) and for every Share of the clear Residue (when given to Two or more Persons) of the Monies to arise from the Sale,

Mortgage or other Disposition* of any Real

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. Hi,

C. 184.

1030

LEGACIES, &c.  continued.

or Heritable Estate, directed to be sold, mortgaged, or otherwise disposed of, by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, of any Person, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805 (after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first made payable thereout, if any) where such Residue or Share of Residue, shall amount to 20I. or upwards, and where the same shall be paid, retained or discharged after the 31st Day of August 1815

Where any such Legacy or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceased or any Defendant of a Child of the Deceased* or to or for the Benefit of the Father or Mother, or any lineal Ancefor of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of One Pound per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Kate of Three Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof -Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased) or any Defendant of a Brother or Sister of the Father or Mother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof

Where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brower or Sifter of a Grandfather or C.andmother of the Deceasd; a Duty at and after the Rate of Six Pounds^rr Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And where any such Legacy, or Residue, or any Share of such Residue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of collateral Coif

. /. d.

per Cent. IOO

per Cent. 300

per Cent. 500

per Cent. 600

C. 1841185.

55 GEO. ITL

SCHEDULE, PART III. Duty.

LEGACIES, &c.  continued. sanguinity to the Deceased than is above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof - And all Gifts of Annuities, or by way of Annuity, or of any other partial Benefit or Interest, out of any such Estate or Effects as aforesaid, shall be deemed Legacies within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule. And where any Legatee shall take Two or more distinA Legacies or Benefits under any Will or Testamentary Instrument, which shall together be of the Amount or Value of 20I. each shall be charged with Duty, though each or either may be separately under that Amount or Value. Exemptions, Legacies, and Rest dues, or Shares of Residue, of any such Estate or Effects as aforesaid, given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased, or to or j for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family. And all Legacies which were exempted from Duty j by the Act pafifed in the 39th Year of His Majesty's Reign, c, 73., for exempting certain specific Legacies given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public Bodies, from the Payment of Duty. A^per Cent, 10 0 0

1

x

M

if.

I*

m?i

Du

and

foui

h

Stir

aid

Aa,

6

tdr

Arre

iys

aid

Kale

II.

*1 j

defer;

Oder

4f

St

antic

M,

k

CAP. CLXXXV.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Adveitife* ments, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches, and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

[1 tth //; 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

W7 it is expedient to grant certain additional Sto*p

and other Duties, towards raffing the necefbry Soppib,

' to defray Your Majesty's Public xpenccf, 4tad mtkiag UA

permanent Addition to the^jpt

the increased annual Charge

chequer Bills, and by any Loan matfe, f

patted-or to be patted for thatBt^j

meat; aadJiM also exp

the t -

S

s

Na

Ml

K

Hi.

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 185.

Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Duties upon Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Pamphlets and Gold and Silver Plate, granted by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the federal Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ shall cease and determine from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all the Duties on Stage Coaches and on Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, granted by the same Act, shall cease and determine from and after the Fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; save and except such of the said Duties, or so much and such Parts thereof, as shall have become due or payable' before or upon those Days respectively, and remain in Arrear, or unpaid afterwards; all which Duties so in Arrear, or remaining to be paid, shall be recoverable by the same ways and means, and with such and the same Penalties, and in such and the same manner, in all respects, as if this Act had not been made.

IL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and throughout the whole of Great Britain, for and in respect of the several Articles, Matters and Things mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed (except those Handing under the Head of Exemptions) the several Duties or Sums of Money, set down in Figures against the same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the same Schedule; and that the Duties on Stage Coaches and on Licences for keeping Stage Coaches therein mentioned, shall commence and take place from and after the Fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that all the other Duties therein mentioned shall commence and take place from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and that the said Schedule, and all the Regulations and Directions therein contained, with respect to the said Duties and the Articles, Matters and Tilings charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be part of this Act, and shall be observed and enforced accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commimoners of Stamps in Great Britain, which said Commissioners and the major Part of them are hereby empowered and required to provide and use proper and sufficient Plates, Stamps or Dies, for expressing and denoting the Duties hereby granted on Almanacks, Newspapers and Licences to keep Stage Coaches, upon the Paper on which the same shall be printed or written, and to alter and renew such Plates, Stamps or Dies from time to time as Occasion shall require; and also to employ such Officers and Person9 under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the several Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Act into Execution, in the like and 55 Geo. III. 3 X i*

104*

44 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. (A.) (B.) in part made t* ceale.

Exceptions.

Duties granted, as specified in Schedule annexed.

Duties when to commence.

Schedule part of Act.

Duties under Maiugement of Commissioners of Stamps, who are to provide Stamp*} Sec-

1042

Powers, Sec. of former Acts in force, and put in Execution with regard to Duties granted,

io Ann. c. 19.

 11a.

in part repealed.

Forging, &c., Stamps, &c.

C.I85.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

in as full and ample maimer as they or any former Commissiorten of Stamps are or have been authorized to do, for the raising and collecting of any former Duties under their Care and Management, or for putting mto Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Prorifiow, Clauses, Regulations and Dhreftions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by the several Acts of Parliament,

relating to the Duties hereby repealed, and to any prior Duties of the same Kind or Description, shall be of full Force and Effect, with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and to the Articles, Matters and Things charged or chargeable therewith, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by, and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and speriaHy enacted with Reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and Jlriped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or Jldined; and upon federal Kinds of Stampt Vellum, Parchment and

Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of Lottery, towards Her Majesty's Supply; and for licensny an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing Her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and other wise; and for Relief of Persons who hat' not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock [Par: of the Capital of the South Sea Company)for the Use of the Public as enacts, that the Author, Printer and Publisher of any Pamphlet, shall lose all Property of Copyright therein, unless the Duty of Two Shillings for every Sheet of Paper which shall be contained in one printed Copy thereof shall have been duly paid, and the Title of fuel. Pamphlet registered, so as any Person may fairly (j) print and publish the same, shall be and the same as hereby repealed.

(a) " [freely" vide 10 Ann. c. 19. $. 112.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Plate, Stamp or Die, or any Part of any Plate, Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made or used, in pursuance of this or any former Act, for expressing and denoting any of the Duties granted by this or any former Act, on Almanacks, Newspapers and Licences to keep Stage Coaches, or shall forge, counterfeit cr nr. semble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression or any Part of the ImprefTton of any such Plate, Stamp \ or Die upon any Paper whatsoever, damp or mark, or causedf E procure to be Hamped or marked any Paper whatsoever, with any

Act

?U

ikrifei

Piat

Ad*

3Jfl

e*f

A*1

3J|I

3#

iii

iW

a

4

i

!i

4

i

I

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 185.

1043

such forged or counterfeited Plate, Stamp or Die as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted on Almanacks, Newspapers and Licences to keep Stage Coaches, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall Utter, or fell, or expose to Sale any Paper, having thereupon the Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Plate, Stamp or Die, or Part of any Plate, Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression, or Part of Impression as aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled; or if any Person shall privately and secretly use any Plate,

Stamp or Die, which shall have been so provided, made or used as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; then every Person so offending, and every Person knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting or assisting any Person or Persons in committing any such Offence as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and mall suffer Death Death, as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or Forcing, &c. counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Gold and Silver Mark* Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made or used 1*?* in pursuance of this or any former Act, relating to any Duties on ar 1 & Gold or Silver Plate made or wrought in Great Britain, for the Purpose of marking or stamping any such Gold or Silver Plate, in the manner directed by any such Act, or shall forge, counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Die, upon any such Gold or Silver Plate, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; or if any Person shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any such Gold or Silver Plate, or any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, with any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die as aforesaid, or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of Gold or Silver Plate to another, or to any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, any Impression made with any Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made or used in pursuance of this or any former Act, for the Purpose of marking or stamping of any such Gold or Silver Plate as aforesaid; or if any Person shall fell, exchange or expose to Sale, or export out of Great Britain, any such Gold or Silver Plate, or any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, having thereupon the Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Mark,

Stamp or Die. as aforesaid, or any forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression of any Mark, Stamp or Die, so provided, made of used as aforesaid, or any Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate as aforesaid, knowing the same respectively to be forged or counterfeited, or transposed or removed as aforesaid; or if any Person shall wilfully and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall Ke on the Person accused) have or be possessed of any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die, as aforesaid, of shall privately and secretly use any Mark, Stamp or Die, so provided, made or used as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; then every Person so offending, and every Petfbri knowingly and wilfuBy aiding, abetting or assisting any Person or Persons in committing any such Offence as aforesaid, and being 3X2 thereof

Death.

Printers* Apprentices, &c. printing Alma, necks without Stamps.

C.i85.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Dilcnutit allowed on Newl'paper Stamps.

New (papers damped, to distinguish Dif-conut.

Price of Newspjpers printed.

Omission, and felling at higher

Priori &c.

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant of any Printer or Printers, shall, without his or their Knowledge, print at his or their Press any Almanack or Calendar, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Alma, nack or Calendar, liable to any Duty imposed by this Act, upon any Paper not duly {lamped for denoting such Duty, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to seize and apprehend any such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant so offending, and to carry him before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace to commit any such Apprentice1, Journeyman or Servant so offending, and being thereof convicted, by his own Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before such Justice of the Peace, to the House of Correction, for anytime not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a Discount, after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum, on the prompt Payment of any Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards for the Duties on Newspapers granted by this Act, shall be allowed to all Proprietors of Newspapers, who shall fell their Papers to the Public at a Price not exceeding Seven pence each, or at a Price not exceeding Two pence Halfpenny each, above the Price at which their Papers were fold, for the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, prior to the Twenty second Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven; and that a Discount, after the Rate of Four Pounds ter Centum and no more, on the prompt Payment of any Sum of Teu Pound* cr upwards for the Duties on Newspapers granted by this Act, shall be allowed to the Proprietol-s of Newspapers, who shall fell their Papers to the Public at any higher Price than that above mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps shall provide Two Sets of Stamps for denoting the Duties hereby grantee! on Newspapers, one of which shall express the Allowance of Discount of Twenty Pounds per Centum, and the other not and the Set of Stamps so expressing the Discount of Twenty Pound* per Centum shall be used for stamping the Paper of the Perfom to whom that Discount shall be allowed; and the other Set of Stamps shall be used for stamping the Paper of the Persons to whom the Discount of Four Pounds per Centum shall be allowed: And if any Person or Persons shall print or cause or procure to be printed, any Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, without printing thereon the full Price at which the same is to be sold, or shall sell or expose to Sale any such Paper or Newspaper at any greater Price than shall be printed thereon, or shall print or cause or procure to be printed on any such Paper or Newspaper, which shall be stamped with the Stamp exprefirog the larger Discount, any Price exceeding that, in respect of which the larger Discount is hereby directed to be allowed, or shall sell or expose to Sale anj such Paper or Newspaper so stamped as last mentioned, at or for any Price exceeding that, in respect of which the larger Discount is hereby directed to be allowed, the Person or Per- [ 'ons so offending shall for every Inch Paper or Newspaper id print- J

' 15 cr

t

11

uibf'iJi

11 eiJ? ksiH

T*ii!

t,:

'inic:

>.q;

;: i'

rtl

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 185. 104$

or fold or exposed to Sale as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XI. And Whereas divers Hackney Coaches have hitherto been licensed by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches to be used as Stage Coaches, and the Coaches so licensed have been exempted from the Mileage Duties on Stage Coaches, and have paid only the same Duties as Hackney Coaches regularly employed as such, although they are prohibited from plying as Hackney Coaches,

and are Stage Coacnes to all Intents and Purposes: And Whereas ' it is expedient that all Stage Coaches should be placed on the fame Footing and be subject to the same Duties; Be it therefore

further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March 44 0.3. c. 88.

One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, all such Parts of any Act 

or Acts of Parliament as authorize the Commissioners of Hackney c*9*

Coaches to license any Hackney Coaches to be used as Stage Coaches, -JJ part repealed.

and as exempt the Owners of Hackney Coaches already so licensed,

from taking out Licences from the Commissioners of Stamps; and from the Payment of the Mileage Duties on Stage Coaches, and from the Provisions of any Act or Acts relating to Stage Coaches,

shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after Hackney

the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred Coaches em-

and sixteen, the Owners of Hackney Coaches now employed as Plf>ycd as Srjge

Stage Coaches shall be liable to take out Licences from the Commissioners of Stamps, and be subject to such and the same Duties sioners of

and to such and the same Provisions and Regulations as the Owners Stamp*.

of any other Stage Coaches.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Stage Coaches of this Act, none of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parlia- not prohibited ment relating to Hackney Coaches shall be deemed or construed to paJre^8inup extend to prevent the Owners or Drivers of Stage Coaches, duly BUlsof Mor" lioenfed by the Commissioners of Stamps, and paying the Mileage tallry.

Duty, from taking up Passengers, within the Bills of Mortality,

out of the Paved Streets of London or Westminster or Borough of Souihwari, and any Continuation thereof, so that they do not deviate from their regular Road for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from Duties paid to the Duties granted by this Act, and from the Duties granted by Receiver Gene* another Act of the present Session of Parliament, and thereby placed n, a"d h, m under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, and from the several other Duties now under the Management of the same 2l*Commissioners, together with the Sums to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Banlj&f England, as a Compensation for the Exemption of their Prommorv Notes and Bills from Stamp Duty, pursuant to the Directions of the said other Act of the present Session,

shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; who shall from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Custody, pursuant to uie Act in that case made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the same (after, deducting the Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the same and all other Charges first; payable thereout, and with the Ex-oeption of any Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster in one turn, and at such times and in such manner as the present Stamp ^fiutiflft arp by the Laws in force directed to be paid y and that the 3X3 Monies

il

ih

i4^

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Duties.

Ante, c. 184.

Consolidated Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried td and made Fund. Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

Appropriation of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall be set apart, on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, so much of the Net Produce of the Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Pamphlets, Gold and Silver Plate and Stage Coaches, hereby granted, and of the yearly Ptt Cent age Duty on Fire Insurances, and the augmented Legacy Duties, granted by the aforesaid Act of the present Session of Parliament, as shall be the just and due Proportion thereof, in respect of the Augmentations made by this and that Ad to the present Duties on those several Articles; and there shall also be set apart, at the same time, the Surplus of the Net Produce of the Duties hereby grauted on Stage Coach Licences, and of the several Duties granted by the aforesaid Act of the present Session of Parliament, except the Yearly Per Centage Duty on Fire Insurances, and the several Legacy Duties, after deduding out of such Net Produce Yearly (and so in Proportion for less than a Year) the Sum of Three Millions three hundred and thirty three thousand six hundred and forty two Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence, being the aggregate Amount of the Net Yearly Produce of the Duties on Stage Coach Licences hereby repealed, and of the Duties repealed by the aforesaid Act of the present Session of Parliament, (except the yearly Per Cutup Duty on Fire Insurances, and the several Legacy Duties) upon an Average of Two Years ending on the Fifth Day of January lad; and there shall also be set apart, at the same time, so much of the Sum to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Composition for the Stamp Duties on their Notes and Bills pursuant to the Directions of the aforesaid Act of the present Session, as shall exceed the Sum hitherto paid by them under a former Ad j and that the several Sums of Money, so to be set apart as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Addition to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the iucreifed annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament; and after fetiing apart the several Sums aforesaid, all the Rest and Residue of the Monies so to be jftidinto the Exchequer as aforesaid (including the before mentioned Sum of Three Millions three hundred and thirty three thousand six hundred and forty two Pounds Three Shillings arotfjf ive Pence), shall be considered as the Produce of Duties granted for the Purpose of defraying the Annual Charge of Public Debt created in former Years, and shall be apportioned and appropriated accordingly in the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund and of the Public Debt of Great Britain, in such and the same manner as the Net Produce of the Duties now under the Management of the said Conuwffionm of Stamps would have been, in case this Act and the said other Act of the present Session of Parliament had not beat made.

Ante, c. 184.

48 G. 3. c. 14?. $15.

1

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

ADVERTISEMENT contained in the London Gazette, or in any other Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, printed and published in Great Britain; that is to say, for every such Advertisement ADVERTISEMENT contained m or published with any periodical Pamphlet whatsoever, printed and published in Great Britain, or in or with any Part or Number of any Book or Literary Work published in Parts or Numbers, for every such Advertisement.

ALMANACK pr CALENDAR, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar, for auy time not exceeding One Year -

ALMANACK or Calendar, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar for several Years; for each Year for which such Almanack pr Calendar shall be made pr intended -

ALMANACK or Calendar Perpetual, or any Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of a Perpetual Almanack or Calendar -

NEWSPAPER, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public; that is to say, for every Sheet, Half Sheet, or other Piece of Paper, whereof the same shall cpnfiA PAMPHLETS, or Books, or Papers commonly so palied, printed and published in Great Britain, containing One Whole Sheet, and not exceeding Eight Sheets, in O&avp, or any lelTer Page, or not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, Pr Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in One Copy thereof

And all Parts or Numbers of any Bpok, or Literary Work, published in Parts or Number?, exceeding One Whole Sheet, but not exceeding Eight Sheets, in Octavo,or any lesser Page, or not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, shall be deemed Pamphlets.

Exemptions from the Duties on Pamphlets, Newspapers and Advertisements.

Acts of Parliament, Proclamations, Orders of Council, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving and Acts of State, ordered to be printed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. Printed Votes, or other Matters, by Order of either House of Parliament.

Books commonly yfed iff the Schools of Great Britain*

Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Pifty.

Any Paper containing a single Advertfement printed anddif per fed separately.

Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods, imported and exported, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, provided JfHV W

3X4 i

Duty.

036

036

OI3

o 10 o

004

030

104$

C.i8j.

SS* GEO. m/

A.D. 1815.

Exemptions  continued.

Accounts do not contain any other Matter than what hath been usually comprised therein.

PLATE of Gold made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed and marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and (o in Proportion for any greater or leis Quantity

Exemption.  Gold Watch Cases.

PLATE of Silver made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed or marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

Exemptions,

All Watch Cases, Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, Philligree Work, Shirt Buckles or Broaches, Stamped Medals, and Spouts to China, Stone or Earthenware Tea Pots, of Silver, of any Weight whatsoever.

Tippingsy Swages or Mounts, not weighingTen Pennyweights of Silver eachy and not being Necks or Collars for Cajlorsy Cruets or Glasses appertaining to any Sorts of Stands or Frames, Wares of Silver not weighing Five Pennyweights of Silver eachy but this Exemption not to include Neels, Collars and Topsy for Caflorsy Cruets or Glaffesy appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames; Buttons to he affixed to or set on any Wearing Apparel, solid Silver Buttons, and Solid Studsy not having a bezelled Edge

- soldered on, Wrought Seals, Blank Seals, Bottle Tickets, Shoe Clasps, Patch Boxes, Salt Spoons, Salt Ladles, Tea Spoons, Tea Strainers, Caddy Ladles, Buckles and Pieces of Garnish, Cabinets, or Knife Cases, or Tea Chejls, or Bridles, or Stands or Frames.

STAGE COACHES; that is to say, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence or other Carriage with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever the same may be called or known, which shall be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for conveying Passengers for Hire, to or to and from any Place or Places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying not more than Four Inside Passengers (Children in Lap except^), for every Mile any such Coach or other Carriage shall tripEl

- which shall be licensed for carrying more than Four but not more than Six Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted), for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel

- which shall be licensen for carrying more than Six but not more than Eight Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted), for every Mfle any such Carriage shall travel

- which shall be licensed for carrying more than Eight but not more than Ten inside Passengers (Children m Lip excepted), for every Mile any such Carnage shall tnrtI

- which shall be licensed, for carrying more

Duty.

. i. I

per Ounce, o 17

0 t 6

0 0 ij

003

004

Passengers (Children' ih Lap excepted),

such Carriage (haR travel*'>.*

P" I 0 0 41 fefidek

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 185, 18 6* 104$

1 r Duty.

it# i LICENCE to be taken out yearly by the Person or Persons who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence or other Carriage with Two or more Wheels, by whatsoever Name the same may be  /. d.

Gs

ear ! called or known, to be employed as a Stage Coach or Carriage for conveying Passengers for Hire to or to and from any Place or Places in Great Britain; that is to say, for each

jM fc1 such Coach or other Carriage 0 10 0

CAP. CLXXXVI.

_ An Act for granting an additional Sum of Money for providing a suitable Residence and Estate for the Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confederation of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the \ Public.

[i ith July 1815.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 o 3. c. 4.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for granting 4 a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent andfignal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas another Act passed in the S3 G* 3- c. 133.

said Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

an Act to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent and

signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas an Act passed in the last 54 G. 3. c. 161. 1

4 Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs; and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity to purchase an Estate, in order to accompany the said Title in Consideration of the eminent signal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provision for the Disposal of a Sum of Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for purchasing an Estate for the said Duke then Marquis of Wellington: And Whereas His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of Your Majesty, by His

most Gracious Message to Your Majesty8 most faithful Commons,

hath been pleased to declare, that having taken into His Consideration the most important and glorious Victory obtained by Field

4 Marshal the Duke of Wellington over the French Army under the immediate Command of Buonaparte on the Eighteenth Day of June,

4 is deflrous of manifesting the Sense entertained by His Royal Highness and the Country of this signal and splendid Atchieve-

ment which has added fresh Renown to the British Arms, and which ('

cannot '

*0$0

C.IB&

gio. ni.

AJEUj.

aoo, ooool. issued to Trustees under Acts for providing suitable residence and Estate for Duke of Wellington.

Trustees auder Acts, Trustees for Purposes of

Aa.

Warrant and Debentures made forth, without Fee.

Warrant not revocable.

f cannot fail to be productive of the most effectid Adrantagas

Europe; and therefore recommended to Your Majesty^ fijtjft

Commons to enable His Royal Highness to grant such addidod

Provision to Field Marshal the Puke of Wellington as Should affri 4 a further Proof of the Opinion entertained by Parliament oft*

Duke of Wellington*3 transcendant Sendees, and of the Gratis and Munificence of the BritishNation Now, We Your Majestyi jnoft dutiful and loyal Subjeh the Commons of the United Jyngdcs in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's moil grad>* Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be es-acted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, bj and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies'granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One thoafod eight hundred and fifteen, there shall and may be issued any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twjfehttfldred thousisd Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Taw and Deductions whatsoever, to the Trustees under the said recked Acts for better enabling the said Trustees'lo build or provide or purchase a suitable residence and Estate for the said Duke of Millington and his Heirs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the time being for the Purposes of the said recited Acts shall be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to all such Rights, Privileges and Exemptions, and shall be subject to all the same Provisioas and Regulations in the Execution of the Trull reposed in the by this Act, u they have and are entitled to in relation to the Trusts of the fud recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafery of Great Britan being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Conaiffione of the Treasury of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or no* of them, and they are hereby authorized cod required, by Warmt wader their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the E* j chequer in Great Britain now and for the time being* to wkefartl i and pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of Twoftiddtl>PU* fend Pounds, without any Foes or Charges to be denjiaded or uk for paying the same or any Part thggfrf; which said th

Debentures to be made forth 84M*ted schere*so % W ^M*' fieient Authority to the several wd relpefiivr Office of of the Exchequer now and for the time being, far tip I the said Sum of Two hundred thoafead Bownls spectively as aforesaid, to the fmi Dufaroaf of the said 3>uke of WeilittgtomrOt to sech ftafl bo entitled tolooefee the i-

Warrant fobfrfeed for, hod

IY.

C.i S6.

1 A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III.

1051

eeiffeiifiiiccessors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Mofffa Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treaffirer or: ti! Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, ciJf'^Oifijee or Offices of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Treasury,c. nxs, ci>Treasury now being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the said Trea- to do necessary

fury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamber- <a*' lains and Barons of the said Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Iwk; Ministers of the Court of Exchequer and the Receipt thereof, now V, ^'t and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and y: strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or, any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance and Ac- Acquittances of quittances. Receiptor Receipts of the said Trustees respectively for Trustees, kc.

'G the Sum so to be advanced to them, and of the said Duke of Welling* fucleut* ton, or the Heirs of the said Duke of Wellington jointly with the same Trustees, or of such other Person Or Persons as shall be entitled or authorized to receive such Sum as aforesaid, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum so to be advanced,

without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in:, that behalf; and that such Sum so to be advanced and every Part

thereof shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Tax free.

Public Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officers of the In default of

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the Payment Offi-

said Sum so to be advanced, or any Part thereof, according to the cers of Exche-

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall refuse to do any A A*uet Prosecute* necessary to enable the said Trustees respectively, and the said Duke

l of Wellington and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, or* such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same,

then the said Trustees respectively, and Duke, and the Heirs of the j said Duke, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the same, or any Part thereof, may from time to time sue, prose- cute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and'

Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon again# such Officers respectively, then* Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if on the Trustees not

Payment of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds to such Me to lay out Trustees as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able immediately Money imme-to invest the same in the building, providing or purchasing of any Cuok E J^, ce

JUffileoce or Estate as aforesaid, then and in &ich case the said Truf- l1T E(tatet they tees ffi$dl, and tjjey axe hereby required to lay out such Sum of Two shall invert it in hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, so to be advanced Exchequer Bills, or paid to them, or such Part thereof as cannot be so inverted as kc\ aforesaid ip Uxobequer Bill*, or in any Government Securities,

and

Powers of Act s extended to Act,

Residence and Estate provided for Duke of Wellington, holden of His Majesty, &c.

and to keep the same so invested in Exchequer Bills, or some other Government Securities, bearing Interest, until the same can be i-vetted in any such Purchase as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authors ties, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses in the said recited Act) contained, for enabling the said Trustees therein mentioned to bn2d or repair or alter any Mansion House upon any Lands to be purchased under the said recited Acts and this Act, and for the prowling a suitable Residence and Estate for the said Duke of Wdbnpot and his Heirs, shall extend to this Act, and to the applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds granted by this Act for or towards the providing a suitable Residence and Estate for the hid Duke of Wellington, and his Heirs, and laying out the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, for that Purpose, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were severally and separately repeated and reloaded in this Act

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Residence and Estate which shall be provided for the said Duke of Wellington under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall be and be deemed to be holden by the said Duke and his Heirs, and the Persons who may be entitled thereto, of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Cattle of lVindfory in Free and Common Soccage by Fealty, and rendering to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on the Eighteenth Day of June in every Year, at the Castle of Windsor, One Tri-co!oured Flag, for all manner of Rent* Services, Exactions and Demands whatever.

CAP. CLXXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[1 ith July 1815.]

J I. ie.3^00^00 o II. 15, 000, 000 o

III. 669, 684 14

IV. 89, 291 6

V. 668, 807 o

Surplus of Consolidated Fund

Part of Monies in Exchequer to complete 20, 500, 0co/. granted out of Produce of War Taxes for 1814, and to complete 24, 0004800l. to be raised by Annuities for 1814.

Being 4^ Parts of 758, 976/. arisen from Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores

Being -ft Parts of 758, 976^. arisen from Sale, of Naval and Stores

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1815.

For Service of Irdmi SetfXXV Lta.

C.i87

E, 3k

tKai

fife [Iff!

E3C

Iff

St

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III.

J

1053

Granted to make good the Supply.

VI. j.2, 812, 400 o o Amount of Exchequer' Billschargedon Supplies of 1814, subscribed to be funded pursuant to Resolutions of House of Commons of 20th April and 18th May 1815.

VII. 22, 000, 000 o o From the War Duties VIII. The following Sums; viz.

3, 000, 000 o o Produce of Malt and Pension Act

55^.3.*. 3. Exchequer Bills - c. 4.

(Deducing One third

for Irelandj -  c. 73.

I2, $oo, oooo o Lotteries

36, 000, 000

IX.

1, 500, 000 0 0

4, 500, 000 0 0

15, 000, 000 0 0

669, 6844 0

2, 812, 400 0 0

22, 000, 000 0 0

2, 000, 000 0 0

The following Sums

*>323>7 50 0 0

Share of Lotteries

9, 000, 000 0 0

89, 291 6 0

668, 807 0 0

Appropriation 5 1 viz.

19, 032, 700 2 7

1, 615, 250 0 0

*>286, 375.0 0

1, 956, 500 0 0

318, 500 0 0

2, 000, 000 0 0 1

355, 000 0 0

502, 500 0 0 j

430, 000 0 0 ]

70, 000 0 0

*>3V*6 12 9

N O*O OV 19 2

Annuities (after remitting 9, 000,000l. to Ireland) -nd Annuities (See  VI.) -Exchequer Bills 

Ditto -

granted above, f II.) granted above, ( III.) granted above, (VI.) granted above, J VII.) granted above, $ I.)

Treasury Bills') cominginto Irish Cur- the Irish

f Exchequer under the Acts J

-. 124,

74- 1

*. 149,

*. 148,

o^

l

cx,

04

rency

J

55 G. 3-r.40.

Month.

Annuities (granted above,  IV.) (granted above,  V.)

For Naval Services; that is to say. For Wages of 70, 000")

Men,

For Victuals, At per

For Wear and Tear of }*Man^r<{ Ships, -

For Ordnance for Sea Service,

Towards Debt of the Navy.

For Wages of*)

20, 000 Men, j

For Victuals,. 1 At per

For Wear and Tear > Manper of Ships, - J Month.

For Ordnance for I

Sea Service, -J

For Salaries and Expences-] of Admiralty, &c.

For Half Pay, &c. to Officer* of Navy and Marines, &c.

*5 o-5 SL*

T5 Sk

'73-f ss*

r.I24.'^

Qm \t

a. 

. s. d.

1 15 6 f

2 10 3 f

-, 7 . s. d.

oil

I u

I o

Oj

15

2 IO

Oj

n

s

-1 s

28s

k>54 C.X87.

rf.67, 232 16 o 2*116, 710 o o

1, 288, 757 o o

97*245 2 9

339235 3 o 156, 286 2 5

181, 367 14 o 2, 811 12 6

XI. 1, 650, 000 o o

XII. 5, 000, 000 o o

XIII. 1,000, 000 o o

XIV. 1, 451, 056 8 3

XV. 39, 248*035 16 41

3, 552, 258 o o

10, 900 o o

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

For the Year 1815.

245, 000 Q O

A

For Superannuations, &c.

in Admiralty For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras For Provisions for Troops and Garrison6 on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on Board Ships of War and Transports For Salaries and Contingencies of Transport Office and Offices for Sick and Wounded Seamen and Prisone'rs of W ar For Transport Service For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Prisoners of War at and Home Abroad For Superannuations to Clerks, &c. belonging to Transport Service For paying off remainder of Bills of Credit under 54 G. 3. 13.

To make good Engagements which His Majesty has entered into with the Emperor of Jujlriat the Emperor of Russia and the King of Prvjia. To enable His Majesty to carry into Execution the Conditions of a Convention with the King of Sweden dated 13th Aug, 1814 To enable His Majesty to make good Subsidiary Engagements entered into with Foreign Powers previous to the Year 1815.

For Land Forces and other')

Services; that is to say,

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (excepting Regiments in Possession of East India Company and Foreign Corps in British Pay)

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for Recruiting Corps employed in Territorial Pouessions of East India Company For embodied Militia of United Kingdom and Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall

j A.D. 1815.

C. 187.

55 GEO. III.

*5f

16.85, 000 o o

200.000 o o

60.000 o o 1^06, 000 o o

70.000 o o

218.000 o o

7.000 o o

427.000 o o

30.000 o o

150.000 o o

237.000 o o

12.000 o 0

60.000 o o

25.000 o o

For Pay of General Officers in Foroes, not being Colonels of Regiments For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hospitals serving with Forces and Charge of Garrisons For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For principal Officers of certain Public Departments in United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences For Fees expected to be paid at Exchequer by Pay mailer General of Land Forces on Issues for Army Services For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of Land Forces For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital and of Royal Hospital near Kilmainham For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Local Militia of Great Britain For Foreign Corps in Service of United Kingdom For Allowances to retired Chaplains and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad and Expences of Office of Chaplain General and Contingencies Far Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and other Hospital Contingencies For Allowances on Compassionate Lift to Chilcfc ren of deceased Officers of Land Foroes, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not entitled to Ptfnflbn, acluding Al-

From 25 Dec* 1814. to 24 June 1815.

i+$6

C. 187.

. 100, 000 o o

200.000 o O

135.000 o o

55, 000 o o 6, 750 o o

55*0 EO.ni.

A.D. 1Jij

-J

Lial

From 25th Dec. i8/f to 24th Feb. 1815.

3, 169, 622 7 5

10, 942 16 3

701, 702 18 6 106, 496 13 9

24*103 19 8

From 25th Dec. 1814* to t\\hJuae 1815.

Ibwances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to Relatives of deceased Officers For Commissariat Establishment in Ireland., }n-cludingChargeof Forage for Cavalry m that Part of the United Kingdom For Barrack Department in Ireland For Regiments of Militia remaining in an Embodied State For Volunteer Corps in1]

United Kingdom For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Public Offices of a Civil nature -

f Land Forces at Home and Abroad] (excepting Regiments employed 1 in Territorial Possessions of East India Company and Foreign Troops in British Pay) including Charge of Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, &c. Charge of Clothing Non Commissioned Officers, &c. Charge of Agency; and Charge of Annual Allowance made to Field Officers, &c. and Allowance for Farriery, as also certain miscellaneous Charges on Account of said Forces

Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps employed in Territorial Possemons of East India Company - "

Corps of Militia of United Kingdom remaining in an embodied State Pay of General Officers Land Forces hot being Colonels of Reg*-jnents.^

of H^ jf^vin^ with Ftocet

A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. Iff.

C. 187/

. 3;, 086 2 5

97, 380 7 10

111.000 o o

127, 387 16 2

12, 218 18 2

3X7>2347 4

57, 443910

112, 038 4 8

210.000 o o

586, 715 4 o 6, 450 16 11

4, 262 13 u 32, 162 o 3

189, 581 8 & 55 Geo. III.

O

(-1

T)

QJ

U

6

3

CO

o

Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces -

Allowances to principal Officers of several Public Departments in United Kingdom, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences - -J

ExchequerFeesin Great\

Britain and of Poundage, Pells and Hof- .,

pital Fee. in Ireland j For Yes

upon Issues made for Army Services Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including Reduced Officers of British American Forces and of Scotch Brigade late in Service of States General Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of Land Forces including British American Forces In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and K'tlmainham Hospitals and Internal Expences of said Hospitals -

Pen lions to be paid to Widows of Officers of Land Foroes, and Expences attending same in UAited Kingdom -Volunteer Corps in United Kingdom Local Militia maintained in Great Britain

Foreign Corps in Service of United Kingdom Allowances to Retired Chaplains, and Allowances to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including Expences of Office of Chaplain General and other Contingencies Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and of other Hospital Contingencies Allowances on Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Forces and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not entitled to Pension, including Allowances as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to the several Officers and to Relatives of deceased Officers Commiflfariat Department Kv&reland, including Charge of Forage for Cavalry in that Part of United Kingdom

Y

iasf

From 25th Dec. 1814.^From 25th Dec,

to 24th Dec, 1815. > 1814. to 24th

Dec, 1815.

105a

Ci?7*

7>437 * J

5s* Geo. m.

A, P.rtij

k

384, 260 1 11

1, 200, 000 O O

5-0, 000 o o

50.000 a o

50.000 o o

99, 826 o o 1, 099, 961 o o

91, 600 0 0 13, 322 14 4

47, 002 o 6

3, 323 o o

50.000  o

8, 000, 000 o o

Allowances, Cajnpenfatfons and Emoluments in Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature -

r"j4sr.tSpi"; j'-'*-->

For Corps of Militia of Uni- ted Kingdom and Royal I From 25th June to Miners of Devon and j 24th Dec. 1815-Cornwall embodied - J For Augmentation to Staff' of Land Forces - For additional Charge on Account of Medicines,

Surgical Materials and Hospital Contingencies for Land Forces For Pay and Allowances for" certain British Officers at- tached to the Portuguese Army

For Barrack Department in'

Great Britain For Commissary m Chiefs Department, exclusive of^In the Year loij* any Purchases of Specif- For Store Keeper General's

Department - -J For further Expence of Bar- j from rack Department in Ire- f % j)t(, 1814- to

land (Br'tush Currency] j4thlto. 1815. net) - -1

For further Sum.which may],

be eventually required for I Between 25 Commissariat in Ireland I and l^hDec. 5.

___nf TTnj. > i8K* and 5

For the Year 1815.

From 2Cth Dec. 1814. to 24th Dec. 1815.

embodied Militia of United Kingdom Towards making good amount of Bills of Exchange drawn upon Lords Commrfflunfers of His Majest/a Treasury for extraordinary E*perices of

Army, ?nd whick> bs^

"SWfi*

1815*,

Dec. following.

*S9

3983435 9

3.000. 000 o

9.000. 000 o

3, 387, 962 17

20, 591 o 51, 046 3 143, 902 18

22, 525 19

24, 423 10

79* 1

55 GEO. III

C. 187.

10

3f For extraordinary Expencesl From

of Army incurred and > 23d Dec, 1813. to

paid - -J 24th Dec, 1814.

O On Account of extraordi-") nary Services of Army of Great Britain and Ireland I o For further defraying extra- }> For the Year 1815. ordinary Expences of I

Army of Great Britain and Ireland -

For Office of Ordnance fori

Land Service for Great > For the Year 1815. Britain - -J Ditto, not provided fior in 1813.

Ditto, Ditto 1814.

Ditto Great"]

Britain on account of Allowances to retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, and to For the Year 1815. Wounded Officers, to Su-'peraunuated and Disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps For Allowance to Superan-3 nuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, to Superannuated and Disabled Men, / Not provided for ii\ also for Pensions to Wi-J 1814. dows and Children of de-ccflfed Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain

Tor Allowances, &c. in Nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowance# to Persons laic belonging to Office of Ordnance in 1 - v n Great Britain, in respect } For tI, e Vcar lS'S-of their having held any Public Offices or Employ* went# of a Civil Nature, and for Widows' Pensions j For Allowances, &c in Na*' tore of Superannuated or 3 Y 2

lo 6a

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

c. 187.

. 68, 833 19 o 332, t47*o

43, 673 16 10 12, 902 13 5

3r74 i* 3

12, 500, 000 o o

15, 000, 000

2, 500, 000

5, 500, 700

2, 940, 200

11, 93292

55 GEO. III.

retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great

A.D. 1815.

In the Year 1814.

For the Year 1815^

14, 857 19 si Civil Establishment3 o o o o o o o 

3>301 10 1, 023 o 600 9*920

3*44 6, 055 2, 194 5, 826

Britain in respect <5f their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature not provided for - -J

To Commissioners under 54 G. 3. c. 43. for Compensation to Proprietors of Lands at Portsmuth purchased for purposes of Act.

[&r ante, c. U3.] For Office of Ordnance for Ireland for the Year 1-815.

For Services performed by")

Office of Ordnance for In the Year 1814* Ireland not provided for

For Office of Ordnance in'

Ireland on Account of Pay of Retired Officers of late Irish Artillery and Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the same For Allowances, &c. in nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments: of a Civil Nature, and for Widows' Pensions - For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bill* under 54 G. 3. cc, 18. 39.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1814.

Ditto, under 54 G. 3. c. 80.

Ditto, c. 79.

Ditto, (as relates to Great Britain) under 54.$ c. 188.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

Ditto.

Bahama Islands Bermudas or Somer's Islands Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scptia Neva Brunfvuicl Case Breton Stunt John (now called Prince Edward Island) -

From id Jan. to 31st Dec. 1815.

li A.D. 1815.

C. 1&7.

rotirt

55 GEO. III.

Mi

XXV.

<12, 787

15, 760

5, 080

30.000

14.000

15.000

iVrw $om/A Walts -

Sierra Leone

Newfoundland -

For British Forts on Coast of Africa for 1815. For Royal Military College! From Dec. 25th

- 1  .....Asylum >1814. to June 24th

at Chelsea - - J 1815.

15, 000 o o For Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers and Dutch Naval Officers.

7 5x f'o'Sr5 1 To several Persons for Public Ser-

1 p.=>-x 1 a.j; -

l4 9

683S7 4344 6, 681 18 65oooo o o

tcfcgo

1 O U-.

i rt

E 

IH

4, 500

*9>797

36, 187

80.000

L903

107 (

4>493

3, 110 < 6, 590

60.000

20.000

50.000

o o

10 o

5 8

o o

vices, not being part of Ordinary Expenditure or Civil List.

For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores. For Parliamentary Services, or Services of a Public Description.

To make Compensation to Commissioners under 43 G* 3. c. 39. for appointing Commissioners for <distributing Money stipulated to be paid by United States of America, under Convention between His Majesty and the United States.

For paying off on 5th April 1815. Debentures raised in pursuance of 53 G. 3. cc. 41. 53.

For Half Year's interest to 5th April 1815. on Sum raised by Debentures in pursuance of 53 G.3. rr.41.53.

For paying off on 5th April 1815. Annuities granted by 37 G. 3. r. 57. and 42 G.3. r. 33.

For Amount of Bills drawn) from New South Wales

For the Year 1815.

{&'Fleet Prison

t i Marshalsea Prison

<y King's Bench Prison

c  % |.S  a. Rolls House Chapel, &c.

House of Parliament and Speak-

u 0 er's House

L^J 1

For Penitentiary House at Millbank -

o o For Roads and Bridges in Highlands of Scotland under 43 G. 3. r. 80. o o For Inland Navigation from Eastern to Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William

2$6 O O For Superannuation Allowances to Two retired Clerks in Lottery Office

3Y 3

For the Year 1815.

ioda

A.D. 18ij.

C. 18),

SSb GEO. III.

.60 o o For Sperartnuation Allowance to JshnPingo formerly Assistant Engraver to the Mint.-

266 13 4 Ditto to Jofiph Plant a Esq.

formerly Che of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills -tj2oO o O Ditto to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in Office of Commiraoners for Auditing Public Accounts -J 146 16 7 For Deficiency of Grant for 1813. for PHntiflff 1, 73 Copies of Vol. 66. of Journals of House of Commons.

2, 500 o o For Printing 1, 75b Copies of Vol. 68. of Journal* of House of Commons, being for Session 1813, and which may be incurred in 1815.

10.000 29 For Deficiency of Grant for 1814. for Printing

Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of House of Commons during last Session.

f6, oooo o o For Printing Bills, Reports, |and other Papers bvOr*

der of House of Commons during present Session.

6.000 o o Towards Reprinting Journals and Reports of House of Commons in 1815.

2, 5 0 0 For Printing Votes of House of Commons during present Session. f

3, 628 14 ill For Deficiency of Grant M Session for Printing for House of Lords and for Printing Aus 0 Parliament. f

21,000 o o For PrmtingA^s of Parliament for Two Houses o

Parliament, for Sheriffs, Clerks of Peace, and CJu Magistrates throughout United Kingdomand or a&ing Justices throughout Great Britain; a or Printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for House of Lords for 1815.

3>500  o For Stationery for Two")

Houses of Parliament 1, 880 o o For Salaries of certain I

Officers of Two Houses j of Parliament 4, 200 o o For Expences incident to

Two Houses of Parliament 1*673 17 o For Poor French Refugee Clero-v

4, 298 2 6

Clergy

For Poor French Refugee Laity

753 12 6 For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland 1, 6154-  Ditto, in England 18, 000 o o For shtodrican Loyalists -> 1*166 14 to Fbr Anall Charitable Allowances to the Poor of Saint I Martin in the FUldi % ct alia

For the Year i8ip

J

U A.D. 1815.

C.I87.

55" GEO. III.

1063

M. 3, 000 o o

12.000 o o

77>*83 5 o

14, 006 o o

5.000 o o

20*000 o O 4>oooo o 0

2.000 O o

6ofboo e> o

2, 066, 000 O O

260*000 o o

10.000 o o 19, 685 o o

49*7973 7

6, 000 o o

29.000 o o

21.000 6 O

3, 424 18

7>9*8 3 4

5>8fc 0 o

>*486 4 joA> 0 o

For National Vaccine Establishment For Sheriffs for Conviction of FelohS and Overpayments

For confining, &c. Convicts at Home For Public Office Bo*a> Street For Prosecutions relating to the Coin For Law Charged - For Fees on patting Public Accounts - -J

For Repairing English Episcopal Church at Rot

terdatn.

For Clergy and Laity of Frtthcl, Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers and Dutch Naval Officers.

For Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Being the ioodth Part' of 26, 000,000l. of Exchequer Bills authorized in last Session to be issued and charged upon Aids granted in present Session and -In respect of debentures issued under 53 .3. rr-4i. 53.

For Half Ye*

To be issued and paid by equal Quarterly Payments to Bank of Eng-Itindt to be placed to Account of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt for Year ending iff Feb. 1816.

ear's Interest to toth 03. 1815. on Sum raised by Debentures in pursuance of 53 rr.41. 53.

For paying off on 10th 03. 1815. Annuities granted by 37 G.$* c.$7. fcfid 42 C?.j. r.33. For Compensation to Commissioners under 46 G* 3. r. 143. for Assiduity, &c. during Three Year's Tract For extra Charge of Messengers of Three Secretaries of State - For extra Charge for Contingencies of Three Secretaries of Btate - For Repair of Hinry VHth's Chapel

For Superintendance of Aliens under 43 G. 3. c. 155. j For Trustees of British Mofeum to carry on Trusts rtpofeiFifi them by Parliament.

For further enabling Ditto.

For Trilfteea 6f British Museum to proceed in malting necessary Putcbafea for improving Col* le&tott of Printed Books.

3Y4

For the Year 1815.

1, 064

C/187. 5j* GEO. III. AD.i8iS.

 2, 000 o o For Trustees of Mufeom to print tie Alcxandrinus.

250 o d Ditto, for preferring and enlarging Collection of Natural History.

9*000 o o To Trustees for Settling Annuity on Earl Ndfot.

25, 068 14 11 For Royal Naval Asylum - j Fr

20, 197 o 7 For Royal Military College f From 25th Du.

12, 338 14 8 ----- ----- -Asylum -J 1814. to 24ft

- at Chelsea - (. Dec. 1815.

470 II 8 For Deficiency of Grant for 1813. to defray Bills of U flier of Court of Exchequer for supplying.Court and Offices with Stationery, for Repairing the Court, and fees to Officers.

299 13 11 Ditto in 1814.

2, 178 14 6 For Bills of Usher of Coip-t of Exchequer, &c. in 1815.

20, 486 10 2 For Improvements at Westminpr in 1815.

1897 16 O For Deficiency of Grant for 1814. for Printing 1, 750 Copies of 67th VoL of Journals of House of Commons.

12.000 O o For Holyhead Harbour in 1815.

8, 984 o o For Embanking the Thame*n Front of Penitentiary House at Millbank.

35.000 o o For Foreign and other Secret Services for 1815.

4, 550 o o For Buildings at the Mint.

3, 000 o o For Board of Agriculture,

20.000 o o For repairing Road between London and Holj

head.

[See ante, c. 152.]

2, 076 1 9 For Allowances, &c. to Captains ffnnt, Beljoh

JLethem and Bright, in lieu of Advantages as Barrack Masters of Royal Marines from lit

10, coo 200, 000 800, 000

o o

October 1813. to 2d June 1815.

O O For Improvement of Buildings of University of Edinburgh., e

To Trustees for settling Annuity on Duke of Wellington.

To be distributed to Officers, Non Commissio Officers and Privates serving in Sritifi Army under the Duke of Wellington, in fortu$'. Spain and France during 1809, 1810, 1811, l 1

1813 and 1814, for Captures taken and app priated Jto Public Service.

148, 000 o o To be distributed to Officers, Non Common Officers and Privates serving in Army un Lieutenant General Sir Samuel dcbmutjit Pj ture of Island of Java for Ordnance and btore*

5347i3

200, 000

U A.D. 1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 187.

1065

rf.58, 767 14 io* f fc--a

3>933 1 1

f, 8o6 5 0

500 0, 0

XXVI. Irish Currency. 1, 250 O O

XXVII. 3<5>SS 24.783 12 4 H 5

10, 500 0 0

25, 000 0 0

2, 500 I, 47 0 0 10 2

9532 19 11

3>95J 0 0

2, 142 0 0

50, 000 3>72^ 0 0 0

5, 000 0 0

1, 500 0 0

XXVIII. 21, 600 0 0

10, 000 0 0

no O i 0

J o ta < U>

41

no

fl Ilf

To several Persons for Public Services not being Part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil List.

Not being Part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil List (heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores), and not replaced by Parliament.

 iFor Parliamentary Services, or Service* J of a Public Description.

To Elizabeth Whitfield, only Daughter of late Lieutenant Bell of Royal Invalid Artillery, in Consideration of Merit of said Lieutenant Bell towards Attainment of Objel of preserving Lives of Shipwrecked Seamen and others.

[ In Ireland.]

For several Public Officers for extraordinary Trouble* in 1815.

Board of Works - For the Year 1815.

Printing, &c. for Secretaries* ")

Offices, See. and Superannuated Allowances in Chief Secretary's Office

Proclamations and other Mat- For One Year end-ter9 in Dublin Gazette and ing 5th Jan, 1816. other Newspapers

Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences

Apprehending Public Offenders

Expence of Pratique of Port of 1 For One Year ending* Dublin - -J 25th Dec, 1815.

Non Conforming Ministers.{ F?rg J^Si

Support of Seceding Ministers 1 For One Year ending from Synod of Ulster'5th March 1816.

T r^nr For One Year end-

Lottery Officers - -j ing24th/on; lSl5.

Harbour of Hoivth, Works at - For the Year 1815.

Printing 1, 290 Copies of compressed Quarto Edition of Statutes of United Kingdom for Use of Magistrates, and 250 Copies of Folio Edition of same, bound for Use of Lords, Bishops and Public Officers.

(British Currency, net) Expence of Preparatory Measures towards Erection of an Asylum Harbour in Bay of Dublin to Eastward of Dunleary Pier.

Ditto, Trwfury Incident.

Trustees of Linen and Hempen

Manufactures - L n v

Glebes. -

\o66

c.!8 y. J56 CEO* III*

jf .50, 000 o o 19, 180 o o

300 o o

50.000 o o

20.000 O O

I, $00 0 0

Trustees and Commissioner* of First Fruits, towardi building, &c. Churches, &c. building Glebe Houses and procuring Glebes.

Commissiorters for making Wide") v

and convenient Strefts in F<*f8/"?*

Mb - -j

Additional Allowance to Chairmen of Board of Id* land Navigation.

Company of Undertakers of Grand Canal, for Liquidation of Debts of Company.

Dife&ow General of Inland Navigation for extending, Sec, Royal Canal.

(British Currency, net) Commissioners for examining Claims of Creditors of late Royal Canal Company.

XXIX. 10, 600 o 0 Dublin Society*-) ]

5, 000 o o Farming Society 30, 225 o o Foundling Hospital at DMri 44, 116 o o House of Industry, Hospital* artd Asylums for Industrious Children in Dublin -9, 543 o o Hibernian Society for Soldiers* j

Children at Dublin - /I 1

2, 645 0 $ Marine Society in

Dublin -

3, 447 o 6 Female Orphan House in Circular Road, Dublin -9, 029 o o WtjUh6riatid Lock Hospital in Dublin

3, 151 o o Lying-in Hospital in Dublin -1, 525 o o Building Sir Patrick Dunn's Hospital in Dublin 1, 598 o o Doctor Steven's Hospital*5, 000 o o House of Recovery and Fever.Hospital in Cork Street 4, 360 o 0 Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting Knowledge and Fra&ice of Christiari Religion 2, 500 o 6 Cdtk Institution 249 o o Green Coat Hospital in City of Cork

For the Yew ending

5th Jan* 1816.

1, 566 6 o Belftifi Academical Institution 41, 539 6 o Prweftint Charter Schools -9, 673 6 6 Ro*W Catholic Senhnary -

600 o o Com mlffioOefli of Charitable Do-

A.D. 1815.

5iGE o.ra.

C. 1871 188.

1067

As in 54 G. 3. ^167. f 31  36.

XXXI. Supplies to be applied for Purposes aforesaid

XXXII. Rules for application of Half Pay -

XXXIII. Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles -

XXXIV. Chaplain* of Regiments although

in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices

XXXV. Application of Overplus of Sum under 54 G. 3.

c. 167. 13.

CAP. CLXXXVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant to John Francis Erskine of Mar Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns, the Feu Duties and Quit Rents arising in the Lordship of Stirlings in Discharge of a Debt of greater Value created upon the said Feu Duties by a Grant from His Majesty King George the First.

[iith//y813.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the 1G. 1, Stit.a.

4 Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An c* 5*

4 A3 far appointing Commt/foners to enquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to super-

fit ions lifts, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Public: And Whereas Hi* said Majesty was, by the said Act empowered to make Provision for the Daughter of John Earl of Mar, who was attainted for his Accession to the Rebellion

in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifteen, out of Hi*

Estates, which were forfeited to The Crown: And Whereas His said Majesty George the First did, in pursuance of the said recited Act, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, grant to Lady Frames Erskine, the only Daughter of th*

said John Earl of Mar, a Portion or Sum of Ten thousand Pounds,

together with the due and customary Interest for the same, to be payable forth of the said Earl of Mar*3 forfeited Estates, beginning the First Term's Payment of the said Interest at Martinmas One thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and in Security of the said Sum and Interest thereof. His Majesty disponed the forfeited

Estates of the said Earl, and the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling, which belonged to The Crown, declaring always that the said Estates and Feu Duties should be redeemable by The Crown, on Payment of the said Portion or Sum of Money, and the Annual Rent which should be due thereon at the time of the Redemption t 4 And Whereas John Francis Erskine Esquire of Mar (the Son and Heir of the Ibid.Lady Frances Erskine), and who now claims to be entitled to the said Portion, and the Money remaining due thereon, and Interest thereof, has applied, by Petition, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in relation to the same, and for an Account to be taken of the Arrears remaining unpaid under the said Grant: And Whereas the Barons of His Majesty* Court of Exchequer in Scotland have reported that the Earl of Mar*a Estates were fold in the Year One thousand seven hundred and Twenty four, and produced little more than sufficient to pay off the preferable Debts thereon, and that a very small Sum having been obtained towards the Extin ftion of the Ten thousand1 4 Pounds, granted by His Majesty King George the First to the said Lady From* tfihef and that the only-Security, therefore, whichr

remained

3$.

lo68

C. 188.

SS*G EO.ra.

A.D. 1815.

His Majesty nay grant to J. F. Erflcine, Esq. all Feu Duties of Lordship uf Stirling.

Proprietors of Lands in Lordship of Stirling, not subject to higher Fen

remained for Payment of such Sum, and which was declared by the Commissioners of Forfeited Estates, to amount, on the Fifteenth

Day of August One thousand seven hundred and twenty four, to

Nine thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny, were the Feu Duties of the Lordship

of Stirling, which, as they belonged to The Crown, were not fold along with the Earl of Mar*s Estates j and that ever since that time the said Lady Frances Erskine, and the said John Francis Erskine Esquire of Mar her Son, have continued to collect these Duties payable out of the Lordship of Stirling, towards Payment of the above mentioned Sum of Nine thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny; but, from the Amount of these Feu Duties being for many Years less than the legal Interest of the above mentioned Sum, the Sum has increased very considerably during the long Period the same has been due, and if now calculated, with Interest, would amount to a Sum of about Twenty eight thousand Pounds, and which if greater than the Value of the Feu Duties at the ordinary Rate of Purchase: And Whereas the said John Francis Erjleine is willing and desirous to take the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling in full Discharge of the before mentioned Sum and Interest thereon,

and it is therefore expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to grant the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling in full Discharge, and in lieu of the said Portion, and all Arrears thereof, upon certain Terms and Conditions

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to give, grant and dispone to the said John Francis Erskine Esquire of Mar, and to his Heirs and Assigns, all and whole the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Stirling, formerly payable to the said Lady Franca Erskine, and to the said John Francis Erskine, or to the Chamberlains of the said Lordship, by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements and others, lying within the Sheriffdoms of Stirling, Perth and Clackmannan, and all Arrears due thereon, he the said John Francis Erskine, or his Heirs or Assigns, giving to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a full and complete Discharge and Acquittance of the said principal Sum of Nine thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny, and all Arrears of Interest due, or which may be claimed thereon, in such Formas shall be directed and approved by the Chief Baron and Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and which Discharve and Acquittance shall be entered and enrolled in the Offices of The King's Remembrancer and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and in such other Offices in the said Court as the Barons shall direct.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any such Grant contained, shall subject the Proprietors

!or Feuars of the Lands within the Lordship of Stirling to the Payment of any higher or other Feu Duties than have hitherto been payable or paid, or shall by Law be payable iu respect thereof, or in ^any manner to prejudice the Feuars of such Lands; and that the said I Feu Duties be recovered by the Process of the said Court of Exche-

ai!: w j k 311

ne

ZB

c'i

: u

a

ati

A.D. 1815. Geo. nr. c. 188, 18^ 10 6$

quer, and all Questions relating to the Amount or Mode of Payment thereof be determined by the Barons of the said Court, as heretofore,

III. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and General Saving* His Royal Successors, the Compositions on Signatures and Tacks

of Teins of the Lands of the said Lordship, passed in Exchequer, as well as Relief and Nonentry Duties, and other Casualties of Superiority thereof, and all other Rights, except those which are authorized by the present Act to be given away, and to the said Proprietors and Vassals of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the said Lordship, all Right and Privileges of Property and Superiority as heretofore; and saving also to the Governor of Stirling Castle, now and for the time being, all his Rights in and Emoluments arising out of the Feu Duties of the said Lordship.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public A2b and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CLXXXIX.

An Act for allowing Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Toung, Richard Latham and John Newberry, to brew, Duty-free, a Quantity of Strong Beer, the Duty on which will be equivalent to the Duty on the Beer loft, and to the Duties on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the Beer so loft.

[1 ith July 1815.]

WHEREAS on or about the Seventeenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Seven thousandthree hundred and fifty five Barrels of Strong Beer, brewed within the last preceding Year by Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Toung, Richard Latham and John Newberry, Common Brewers, at their Brewhouse in 1 the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and for which Beer the Duties of Excise amounting to Three thousand three hundred and seventy one Pounds had been duly paid, was, as is alleged by the said Henry Meux, Thomas*Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Toung, Richard Latham and ' John Newberry, loll by the accidental bursting of a Vat containing Part thereof, and the Staves of which burst Vat fell upon and broke off the Discharge Cock of another Vat, and also broke a 4 Pipe communicating with another Vat, such two last mentioned*Vat9 containing the Residue of the said Beer, and by the breaking ' of which Cock and Pipe the said Residue ran out and was loft, as*is also alleged by the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, FloranceThomas Toung, Richard Latham and John Newberry: And Whereas it has been computed that the Duty on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the said Beer amounted to the Additional Sum of Three thousand three hundred and twenty three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four pence, amounting to- gether to the Sum of Six thousand six hundred and ninety four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four pence; and it is expedient to*grant such Relief as is herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

sojo

C. iSp, JQO,

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18if

Commissioners of Excise to permit Henry Meux, Sc Co. to brew free of Duty, within

proved to Satisfaction of Commissionert.

the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, to permit and fuftr the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Flornncc Tbmt Youngt Richard Latham and John Newberry, to hrew free of Duty in their said Brewhouse, under the Superintendance of the proper Nine Months, so Officers of Excise, at such tiroes and on such Occasions as to then many Guiles of the Commissioners of Excise shall seem meet, within the Space Dutywould " Nine Months next after the jjafling of this Act, such and so many Amount to entire Guiles of Strong Beer, neither of them less than Four hundred 6, 6941. i4>. 4d. Barrels, the Duty for or in respect whereof would amount to tlmfxid provided I.ofs to Sum of Six thousand six hundred and ninety four Pounds Fourteei that Amount Shillings and Four Pence, or so much thereof as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, shall adjudge; Provided always nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorize or require the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, to permit or suffer the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Floras: t Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, or any or either of them, to brew, free of Duty, any greater Quantity of Beer than such Quantity as the Beer Duty thereon will amount to the Duties on Beer, Malt and Hops, according to such Mode of Computation as aforesaid, for the actual Quantity of Beer which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of them the said Commissioners of Excise or Three or more of them (the Sufficiency of such Proof thereof being left to the Satisfaction, Judgment and Decision of them the said Commifiwnen, or Three or more of them, who are hereby authorized and required to investigate the same, and examine the Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath they the said Commissioners, or aay Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), to have been so brewed by them the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, and by them paid Duty for, and contained in the said Vats at the time of the said bursting of the first of the said Vats, and to have been actually loft by the said bursting of the said Vat and breaking of the said Cock and Pipe, and the said bursting to have bees accidental, and not to have arisen from any Negligence or Omission, or for want of due or reasonable Care on the Part of them the said Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Floranet Tkomat Tong, Richard Latham and John Newberry, or any or either of thin, or of any Person or Persons in their Service or Employment; j thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise aetvith-standing.

CAP. CXC.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty; ?jghjhT&* tf His present Majesty, to improve the bmf feThf Crown, so far as relates to the Great the County of Bmkmku tndfef certain Parts of the Dud Fereft. 1

4* O* 3. c. 73.

ii 4-D-1815. 53f GEO. III. C. 19.

Mqjfftfs Dufrbj of Lancaster' And Whereas it is expedient that

so much of the said Act as directs that it should be lawful for the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the time ? being to contract with any Person or Persons for the Sale of the Soil, Mines or other Minerals, or other Substances or

Herbage, or any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, in the ' Great Fore ft of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock, at the

best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor

General should be able to procure for the same, and which should be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and that the Purchase Monies to

be paid for the same should be paid into the Bank of England, and applied as therein directed; and that such Sales should be made in

the same manner and under the same Regulations, and the Certificates and Receipts to be given should be in the Form thereby

directed with Respect to the Sales of Crown Lands; and immediately after the Inrolment of the said Certificate and Receipt in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, the respective

Purchasers should be adjudged to be in the actual Seisin and

Possession of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands which could or might be made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming under him or them, and of and from all Incumbrances whatsoever; should be repealed: And Whereas

all the Powers and Authorities which were vested in the said Surveyor General have, iu pursuance of an Act made in the Fiftieth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

uniting the Offices of Surveyor Qcneral of the Land Revenues of The Crown and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Barks and Chases, become vested in the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues

And Whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to the said Commissioners to sell and dispose of all such Part or Proportion of the said Forest, as upon the Division and Inclosure

thereof pursuant to this Act shall be allotted or set out unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of His Majesty's Interest in the several Mines, Minerals and other Substances within the said

Forest; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Parts of the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are hereinbefore recited and referred to, shall be and the lame are hereby repealed.

1|. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, pr the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to cootraft and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of all such Part or Parts of the said Forest as shall be let out or allotted unto His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities herein contained, or of {q much ok such Par efts or Portions thereof as they the said Com-

jniifioners

*071

I

50 G. > c. 6y.

1.

48 G. 3. c. 73. 27. repealed.

Commissioners of Woods empowered to fell The King's Allotments, fcc.

1072

jo G. 3. c 6j. ia.

Purchasers of Ptemifesto have Certificates, &c. for Purchase Money; Certificates inrolled in Office of Auditor of Land Revenue, &c.

Stmp Duty.

C. 190. J54 GEO. III.' A.D. 18if.

missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Rcremm, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall think it expedient to fell, and of all His Majesty's Rights and Interests in and to the same; and of all the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of, in and to all Mines of Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals whatsoever in or under the said Forest or any Part thereof, hereby reserved to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and of all Powers of searching for, working, digging, raising and carrying away such Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and other Minerals, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall be able to procure for the same; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from such Sale or Sales, shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England^ and placed to the Account directed by the said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) intituled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenue, being the Woods and Forests Fund, " and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner and for such and the like Purposes as the other Monies by such last mentioned Act directed or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the same Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall have contrafted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the said Lands, Hereditaments, Rights or Interests hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall grant to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, a Certificate under their Hands, describing the Premisea so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England, within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate; and the Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate, acknowledge the Receipt of the same, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the case will admit, and frail be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the said Lands 0: Hereditaments therein described are situate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest thefam under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchas or Purchasers; and from and after f ch Iuroiment, nuj ti for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors, flmll by force and virtue of this Act be, and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual SeiHu and Possession of the

V.

1X573

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 190.

t Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, ^freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under 13 him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or Sfi enjoyed the same if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by One of the principal & Clerks or other Officers in their or his Office; and every such Cer-\i tificate and Receipt, being inrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually dif-ib charge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or t granted, of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein & expressed, and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be it called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in re* fj spedl thereof, or of any Part thereof.

tt

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

pi Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be

0 granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money % therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty* one Days after the

Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, U and the said Cashier's Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space

1 of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the j Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless

the said Commissioners shall, for any reasonable Cause to him or them shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc; and which, upon such, Cause being shewn, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do accordingly.

, V. And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right

of His Crown, is seised to Himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock, which Forest is of considerable Extent, and the Waste Lands within the same are computed to contain upwards of Forty thousand Acres, subject nevertheless to such Rights of Common and other Rights

as the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Tenements, situate, lying and being within the several Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places of YJlradveHtey, Ystradgunlais, Llangajley Talyllyn, Llanddetty, Cant red] Garth Brengy, Lande vai/og vach, Merthyr Cynog, ' Saint David's, Llanfpythid, Defynnock, JLlywell, Saint John the

Evangelist, Penderin, Llandilorvane, Trallong and Llanvihangel ' Nantorane, in the said County of Brecknock, or some of them, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof, for the time being, are entitled to, within, upon and over the said Forest: And Whereas the Whole

or a great Part of the said Forest is alleged to be Extraparochial:

4 And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is the Owner or Proprietor of all the Tithes, both Great and Small, issuing, arising, due and payable of, from and out of the Whole or so much of the said Forest as is Extraparochial;

and the several Owners and Proprietors of the Tithes of the several Parishes and Places next adjoining the said Forest, or some or ojje of them, are, is, or claim to be the Owners or Proprietors of the 1 Tithes both Great and Small, issuing, arising, due and payable from and out of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Forest as is or are Parochial: And Whereas an Act was made and passed in

55 Geo. III. 3 Z 4 the

Neglecting to pay Purchase Money into Bank within time limited.

40, 000 Acres.

A'.Dti&i;

1074 C. 190.

St* GEO. IB.

4r G. 3. (U.K.) c. X09.

48 G. 3. c. 73.

Appointment of Commissioners.

41 G.3.(U.K.) c. 109.

Commissioners

sworn.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 109. 1.

Oath.

' the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iafitnhd

' An Act for consolidating in One AS certain Provisiotu usually in-

ferted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving

the several FaSs usually required on the puffing of fitch Act: And

Whereas no Sale hath as yet been made under the Powers of tb;

said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty; and the said Forest, in its present uncultivated State, yields but little ' Profit, and is but of fmaH Value to His Majesty, and is not of such general Benefit to the other Persons interested therein, as it would ' be if the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest were (b

vided, and specific Parts thereof were allotted unto His Majesty,

and the several other Persons interested therein; and if such Altai-

ments were inclosed, and the Allotment to His Majesty was ftps-

rated and set apart from the Remainder of the said Forest, gn

Benefit and Advantage would accrue from such Division and In-

closure to His Majesty and to the Public in general, as well as to

the several Persons having Property and Rights in and over the said Forest Be it therefore enacted, That Henry de Bruyn Southampton Street in the County of Middlesex, Surveyor, and John Cheese of Lyons Hall, in the County of Hereford\ Gentleman, and their Succeuors, to be nominated or appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Forest, and all the Open. Commonable Lands and Grounds within the same, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such raanner as is herein after provided or mentioned; and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, contained in the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not altered, varied or otherwise provided for by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by the said recited Act of thr Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, granted save and except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the first Meeting of the said Commissioners) until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, in Addition to the Oath by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His prefer/ Majesty directed to be taken; such Oath to be administered and rolled in like manner as the Oath by the said last mentioned Act prescribed to be taken by Commissioners for executing Aftsoflndofur^ ia directed to be administered and inrolled; which additional Oatn shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

T A- B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quahn, do < solemnly affirm], That I am neither Proprietor or Occupier

nor to the best of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guard.

Steward or Agent for any Proprietor of Messuages, Cotta.

' Houses, Lands or Grounds, or other Person having ordain

any Right of Common or any Manorial Rights, Tithes or

other Right or Interest whatsoever in, over or upon the Op

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds to be divided, lllottc

and inclosed by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year

the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [heftinfer! the 1 e of this Act.-\ So help me (JOD

15 VII. An

A.D. 1flij.

55 GEO. III.

C 19

I07S

flkl!

Pi

'Air

t

m

'*

b,o

\k

kb

\d

x

I 'ii: > if !# ill 10 0 0 '0 4

t

i

t

I

1

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Henry de Appointment of Bruyn, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner ne'J> Cm* in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse mi, oners* to act or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after such Death,

Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Henry de Bruyn, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and in case the said John Cheese, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall within Fourteen Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days* Notice at the least, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by Advertisement in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Brecknock) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice j and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall attend such Meeting in Person or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose (such Value in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the same, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the several Parishes wherein the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Owners or Proprietors claim such Rights as aforesaid, are situate) shall and they are hereby required at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Cheese, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time, as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by such Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Commissioner in

loft

c. 190^

55 GEO. ilL

A.D. 1815.

If Commissionets of Woods, Jfcc. and Proprietors of Lands, tec. neglect to appoint new Commis. (toners within limited time acting Commissioner to make Appointment.

manner aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths brie? prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities h every respect, for carrying the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Eie-cation, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulationi and Restrictions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated a Commissioner or Commissioners in and by this Act

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woodi, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Persons having fuel) Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or their Agents or Proxies as aforesaid, or either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by them respectively, as aforesaid, withia the respective times for that Purpose limited and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required, from time to time by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of such respective time so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like 41 0.3. (U.K.) Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act of the Forty '* rnn first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into

Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if be had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Act, and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, into Execution, and duly qualify hirafelf by taking and subscribing the Oaths herein prescribed in that behalf; or if either of the said Commissioners shall at any time after the said First Meeting wilfully absent himself from any Three following fuc-ceflive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Twofucceflive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing k such Meeting or Meetings; or if any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed, shall not attend, and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three following successive Meetings to be bolden by

c. 109.

Commissioners neglecting to attend Meetings considered as Refusa! to act.

i)

w

ft!

lk

Hi

"T

S

rfl

fti

A.D. 1815. GEO. III. C-i93> 1077

virtue of this Act, or, having been absent from Two successive Meeting*, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meeting been known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meetings; then and in every of such cases such Absence or Nonattendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

- X. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise Umpire ap between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Matter Pointed' or Thing to be done by them by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, whereupon the said Commimoners shall differ or not agree in Opinion, the said Commissioners from time to time, when and so often as such Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall arise, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint Some fit and proper Person (not being interested in the said intended Division,

Allotment and Inclosure, nor being the Attorney or Agent of any Person so interested) to be an Umpire between them; and the Matter upon which such Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall or may arise, shall be referred to and shall be settled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination shall be made in Writing, and mall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever (except as to such Right of Appeal as is given by this Act or the said recited JVft of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present 41O.3. (U.K.) Majesty); and for the Purposes aforesaid, but not for any other c. 109. 3. Purpose, such Umpire shall have and he is hereby vested with the Same Powers and Authorities as are by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, given to or vested in the said Commimoners; but no Person shall be capable of acting as such Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken and Subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

T do Swear, That I will faithfully, im- Umpirt'sOaih.;

partially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and

Judgment, execute and perform the Several Powers and Authorides vested and reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act

paSTed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of King George the ' Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act-\ accord*

ing to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or

Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons

whomsoever. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath the said Commissioners or either of them are and is hereby empowered to administer; and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing an Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the final Award of the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioner shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a to appoint*Clerk or Clerks to assist them in the Execution of this Act and clk or Clerk* the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Room or Stead, as to 3 Z 3 them

them ihofl feemmeet; and in case of the Dtbth, Incapacity of fc dining or negk&iag to ift of any fodh Clerk or Clerks, theo nl in any of such cases the said Commissioneiis shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons they may think propwto he their Clerk or Clerks.

Surveyors ap-

XII. And be it further enacted, That Samuel WbarU* of Grip pointed. /* in the County of Midkftx, and David Dav'ta of LhmgOkd

CrtcihoweJLin the County of Brechtoci, Land Surveyors, shall be and they are hereby appointed Surveyors, far the Purposo of viewing, surveying and measuring the said Forest, and all the Opm Commonable Lands and Grounds within the same; and such Son veyorsare hereby accordingly authorized and {facted, as fooa tt conveniently may be, to view, fortey and t&eastne the said Fork and all the said Open and Commonable Lands, and all the BuOA* mgs and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upob the lane, sad to describe and lay down the same by way of Map or Pho, whercoo, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the Number of Acres and decimal Parts of an Acre of the (hid Forest, and all the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and the fewrd Buildings and Encroachments made thereon, and of what fochEs. croachments respectively consist, and the Names of the several Perfoat bolding and enjoying the same; and that when and so fbon as the said Surveyors shall have fmifeed and completed the Surrey, Map or Plat, they shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Pla for a Meeting with them, of which Meeting Fourteen Days previous Notice It the kail shall be given to the said Commissioners, at which Meeting the said Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Conmissionen thnr Survey, Plan and Book of Reference, and shall fubforibe the hue with their Names in the Presence of the said Comm&OMfi, who shall attest the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall id as a Surveyor in the Execution of: any of the Powers hereby giim, and he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following $ that is to

say*

Surveyor's

Oath

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the Persons called Qssfm, do folemrily affirm], That will faithfully, impartially flod

honedly, -according to the best of my Skid and Judgment, ttteste ' the several Powers and Authoritiea vested and iwpeted klfelli

Surveyor, by virtue of an Act raffed in the fifty fifth

' the Reign of King George the Third, ifltfeukd An AsWbk-

fert the Thlc of this MJ without PavOtfr or AftdkO) itytftt

or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whoMfeevfr.'*

Which Gath or Affirmation it shall^honors or either of them to udmfcttffa taken, fhdl be written an Barths Surveyors, and dufyaetefted b*H'

Hands, and shall be jnto8df*iife

A.D. 18i 55 GEO. III. C. 190.

Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of the said Samuel Wharton, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time, as often as any Surveyor to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor, in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and in case the said David Davies, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Surveyor in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and this Act, then and in every such case the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to them, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days* Notice at the least, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by Advertisement in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then publiftied, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Brecknock) of all and every the Owners or Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice, and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall attend such Meeting in Person, or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose (such Value, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the same, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the several Parishes wherein the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Owners or Proprietors claim such Rights as aforesaid, are situate) shall and they are hereby required at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of the said David Davies, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time, as often as any Surveyor to be nominated and appointed by such Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Surveyor in manner aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect, for carrying the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rule, Regulations and Restrio

3 Z 4 tions.

to8o

C. 190.

si6 Geo. in.

A.D. 1fl '

Power to make a Survey.

tions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated* Surveyor or Surveyors in and by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the said Surveyors shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan, as well of all the Meflinga, Cottages and Scites thereof, as of all Lands and Grounds fitoateis the said several Parishes of Yfiradvelltey^ Tftradgvnlau, L/angafa Talyllyn, Llanddetty, Cantreff\ Garth Brengy, Llandt vailor yack Merthyr Cynog, Saint David*s, Llanfpythid, Defynnock, Lfywdl, Saint John the Evangel'tfi, Penderin, Llandilorvatu, Trailing and Llanvihangel Nantbrane, in respect whereof the Owners or Occu* piers of the same respectively are entitled to a Right of Commonage* or other Rights upon the said Forest, and upon thrOpen Commonable Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof save and except such Lands and Grounds as have been already furvfeyed, and are herein after directed not to be again surveyed or planned) and shall esquire and find out, and in and by the Survey and Plan thereof, and in a Book of Re-ference to the same, set forth a minute and exact Account of all and Angular the Premises so surveyed, and the Quantity and Contentiof each several Field, Inclosure and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively; thereby distinguishing such of the Premises as areof Freehold Tenure from such as are of of or Customary or Leasehold Tenures, and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said of or Customary or Leasehold Tenements are sevenlly and respectively holden.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons having in his, her or their Custody or Possession Pr^rietnre shall actual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any of the Lands or Grounds produce ap- in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the lame are entitled proved Surveys, to Rights of Common or other Rights, to produce and deliver such &c. Surveys, Maps and Plans to the said Commissioners at such time or times as they shall appoint for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners thereupon shall esquire on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering such Surveys, Mips and Plans respectively, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to ad* minister) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every such Survey, Map or Plan: And in all cases where the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made, and will answer the Purpose of a new Survey (but not otherwise) they the said Commissioners shall deliver the same over to the said Surveyors, with Directions to insert and copy the fine into the Surveys of the Lands, the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled to Right of Common, or any other Rights or Intwefts, instead of making a new Adrocafurement and Plan of the Luds and Grounds so comprized and described in the Maps and Pins aforesaid. '

XVII. And be it further enacted, That oatof t ffiaH be raised for defraying the ] executing this Act, the said Con Thiwe Girineas each, and no n attonding ra and bboflfc the

No new Ad-

measurement made in case

Allowance to CommislSonero, Clerkt and Surveyors;

Jl A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. ID. C. 190. 1081

idi dude and be in Satisfaction of all Costs and Expences in travelling and otherwise, which they shall be put to in executing the same; sag and that the Surveyors and the Clerk or Clerks shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent, who shall attend the said Commis-doners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings;

and in such cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors, of any AS, Matter or Thing to be done, or proposed to be^done in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act and this Act, is^directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by I their respective Agents or Proxies duly authorized, whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors were present in J Person.

a XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of First and other the Commissioners for putting this Act and the said recited Act of Meetings of ? the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Exe- Commissioners.

J cution, shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The BulPs

j Head, in the Village of Devynnock, in the County of Brecknock

i aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act,

or as soon after as circumstances will admit; and that the said Corn*

missioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of

I the Principal Outer Doors of the several Churches or Chapels of the several Parishes or Hamlets, Townships or Places aforesaid, and also a like Notice by Advertisement to be inserted in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County, of the Time and Place 1 of their First and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty vested in them, Fourteen Days at lead before the times appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the same or Tome other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Forest; and the Commissioner, or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment, is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices requisite Notices how or necessary to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given by given. Advertisement, to be inserted in the said Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in- the said County of Brecknock.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroach- Encroachments ments made on the said Commonable Lands and Grounds within the alkxable. said Forest, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now last pad, and for which no Licence, Consent or Grant shall have been obtained from The Crown, shall be deemed and considered

io82

Commissioners empowered to set out new anc additional Roads, and to turn and ltop Roads.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Allotments for Repairs of Roads;

and for Watering Places for Cattle.

Allotment for Public Lime-stone Quarries for general Use*

C. 190.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18iy,

filtered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be dinH allotted and endofed by virtue of this Act, as if the same wot actually lying open and unenclosed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said CommissioncM shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, before they pro* ceed to make any Division or Allotment directed by this Act, to set out and appoint any new and additional Public Roads or Highways, or any new Tracks or Ways for such Public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Forest, and to make such Order 01 Orders as to them shall seem proper in relation thereto, fubieA to the Restrictions, Provisions and Directions of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall or may turn or abate and flop up, or cause or order to be turned or abated and flopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seen

Sroper for that Purpose, subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Re-riftions and Directions of this Act: Provided always, that no Turnpike Road shall be altered or diverted without the Consent of the Trustees having the Care and Management thereof, or any Five or more of them, at a Public Meeting of such Trustees to be convened by due Notice, and held for that Purpose; nor any Public Highway or Road be shut up or discontinued, until the Road or Roads so marked out or intended to be and remain Public Highways, shall be set out and made according to the DireAions of this Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made convenient and safe for Horses, Cattle and Carriages: Provided dfo, that all Private Roads, Ways and Foot Paths, which shall be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be made and for ever maintained and kept in repair by such Person or Persons, and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall, by their Award, or by any ether Writing under their Hands, order, direct. or appoint.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting out the Public Roads and Highways as by this Act u directed, to set out and allot unto and for the Formation and Repain of the Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest, so much and such Part and Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, and in such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, forgetting 6tone, Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Re airs from time to time for ever of the Public and Private Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest; and the Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be vested in such Persons as the said Commissioners shall allot the same unto; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also authorized and required to set out Watering Places in the said Lands and Ground-hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, for Cattle ad Bealls, for the common Use and Benefit of all Persons occupying Lands and Grounds in Right of which they are or shall be entitled to Rights of Common in or over the said Forest.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are herebyrequired, in the next place, to set out and diet such Part or Parts, or Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Ground;

*7

4

rail'

i n hi

m-

sjilia

isU

stcli

sill

A.D. 1815.

550 CEO. IB.

C. 190.

1083

by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as and for Public Limestone Quarries, for the Purpose of getting Limcftone and other Stones therefrom, with convenient Roads and Ways to and from the same respectively, to be used in common, as well by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or the Occupier or Occupiers of His Majesty's Allotment or Allotments herein directed to be made, as also the Proprietors of Estates entitled to Rights of Common on the said Forest, and their Tenants for their respective necessary Uses within the said Forest, or in or upon the Estates in virtue whereof they are entitled to Rights of Common, and for the Repairs of the Public and Private Roads within the said Forest; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be vested in such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, or by any Award to be made by virtue of this Act, appoint in Trust for the Purposes aforesaid; and shall be inclosed and fenced in such manner, and shall be subject to such other Regulations and Directions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order or direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs and Watercourses, within the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to be carried and conveyed in such Courses, and through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think necessary and proper for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Watercourses, shall be diverted or turned, without the Consent of the Person or Persons from and into whose Lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall mark and set out such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as by the Sale thereof will in the Judgment of the said Commissioners raise a sufficient Sum of Money to defray and discharge all the Cost9, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award or Awards to be made by the said Commissioners, and of surveying, ad-measuring, planning, valuing, dividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring and planning such other Lands as shall by virtue of this Act be surveyed, measured and planned; and all the Charges of the said Commissioners and Umpire, their Surveyors, Assessors, Clerks, Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the same; and all the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall think proper, and so from time to time as often as they shall think necessary, to fell by Public Auction, in the Manner, and subject to the Directions and Regulations mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act of the Forty 5rft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, such Part or Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds

hereby

Commissioners empowered to turn Watercourses.

[Proviso.]

Lands fold for Payment of Expences.

41 G.3. (U.K.) c. 109. 3*.

C. 190;

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Surplus produced by Sales divided between Proprietors in Fee according to Interests.

hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they M mark and set opt and deem sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid; and the Purchase Money of the said Lands so to be sold as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners within such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners for such Purchase Money shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasen for the same; and immediately after Payment of such Purchase Money, and after such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or Purchasers, the Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land so purchased by him, her or them shall, by virtue of this Act become vested in him, her or them, and in his, her or their respective Hein and A(sign8, in absolute Fee Simple, and shall be inclosed and held in Severalty by the-Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively id his, her or their Private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and the said Purchase Mooey shall be applied in defraying such Colls, Charges and Expences si aforesaid.

XXV [. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be sold as hereinbefore mentioned shall be sold for more Money than will be required to defray such Colls, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such case such Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned between His Majesty and the several Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to such their respective Property, Rights and Interests; and the Share of His Majesty shall be paid to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and the respective Shares of such other Persons as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their respective Allotments, shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by 4X 0.3. 'U.K.) the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His

c. 109. 21  present Majesty, in cases where any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hot* ditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in act any of the Persons interested in the said intended Divifloa, Allotment and Inclosure, shall be desirous of having the Whole of their 2-^5" re*Pc<^ve Shares and Allotments of the said Open Commonable SaIeWef Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, set out and allotted to them without any Abatement for or in respect of the said hereinbefore directed Sale, for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall by themselves or Agents signifo the fae is Writing to the said Commissioners, at the time of the Defcveryiftof their respective Claims as hereinbefore directed, or wkfcfa fikntflhe afterwards as shall be limited and prefcfibed by sioners, then and in every such case the they are hereby authorized and 1

such Persons respectively, all fw

Open Commonable -Lantfc foyerally entitled^ note 1

300 gle

Personi desirous of paying in Money, exempt

io8$

11 A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 190.

vision had been hereby made for Sale of any Part of the same Lands and Grounds, and without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever on that account; and to adjust and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Persons, their Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of their several and respective proportionable Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and in case such Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, that then and in such case the same shall be levied and recovered in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall Provif# give to the said Commissioners any Power to charge such Persons interested as aforesaid with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Sale hereinbefore directed.

XXVIII. And, in order to the making of an adequate Compensation for the Great and Small Tithes arising and renewing, within the said Forest hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to the several and respective Persons entitled to such Tithes, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are Allotment in hereby directed and required, in the next Place, to set out and allot Heu of Tithes, unto and for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in lieu of all Tithes both Great and Small, and all Moduses, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, renewing, increasing, happening or payable out of, from or in respect of such Part or Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands within the Limits of the said Forest as are or shall be found to be Extraparochial, such Part and Parcel of the said Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for all such Tithes both Great and Small, and all Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu thereof; and also to set out and allot unto or for the Person or several Persons,

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who is, are or shall be entitled to Tithes in Kind, in, over or upon such Part or Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands as is or are locally situate within the Bounds or Limits of any Parish or Parishes, if any Part or Parts of the said Lands is or are so situate, for and in lieu of all Tithes both Great and Small, and all Moduses, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tithes whatsoever, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening or payable within or from the said Forest, out of or from, or for or in respect of such last mentioned Lands, such Parts and Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for all such last mentioned Tithes, Moduses, Compositions and other Payments, in lieu of Tithes; all which said Tithes both Great and Small, and all Moduses, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, shall respectively cease and be for ever extinguished, from and immediately after the making and setting out of such Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, and Notice given by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands to be affixed on the principal Outer Doors of the several Parish Churches adjoining the said Forest, that the said Allotment or Allotments may be forthwith entered upon respectively, or from and after such other time as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direct and appoint.

io8<S C. 199. 55" GEO. III. A.B.itoj.

Commissioners Co ascertain to whom Allotment for Tithes to belong.

Allotment to The King in lieu of Tithes, subject to like Rules as other Allotments to His Majesty.

Allotment to The King.

Commissioners to set out Roads to His Majesty's Allotments.

Award of His Majesty's Allotments inrolled in Exchequer at Westminster, and Office of Auditor of Land Revenue.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Comraiffiowi shall and they are hereby authorized and required, by Examinatioi of Witnesses upon Oath or otherwise (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) to ascertain, settle and determine to whoa the said lad mentioned Allotment or Allotments Audi belong; and when they shall have so ascertained the same, they are hereby authorized and required to apportion and divide the same respectively, between, unto and amongst the Person or several Persons who ihal appear to them to be entitled thereto.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Allotment Audi be made to His Majesty, in lieu of Tithes, of fud of the said Open and Commonable Lands as are or shall be found to be Extraparochial, shall, immediately after the same shall be set out, become and remain the exclusive Property of His Majesty, his Hein and Successors, and shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations in every respect, as the Allotment herein after directed to be made and set out to His said Majesty, is subject to.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, after making and setting out the several Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, set out and ailot, One full Moiety or Half Part of all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Forest, due regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof, unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and which Allotment, as foou as the same shall be allotted and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerateid and for ever discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pasture and Turbary, and all other Rights of what nature or kind soever-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many Private Roads and Ways, as shall be necessary for giving convenient Access to such Allotments as shall be so as aforesaid made to or for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and a6 fooa u the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotment or Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made and set out to His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, they shall prepare a separate Award, with a Map or Plan of such Allotment annexed thereto whereof there shall be Three Originals; One to be inrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster^ another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and which shall after-

wards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being; and the said Award or the Inrolment thereof shall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence, on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majelb. his Heirs and Successors in respect of auy Allotment to be vested in the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the D, Cleric of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock.

toVerfoosen!

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said CommiSioam shall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out and

allot

Mki

im

i 1di it in

itt

IfV

allot the Residue of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be titled to Com-divided, allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every the monage. Persons entitled to Commonage, in, over or upon the same respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively (other than and except The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) in Proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Messuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Rights of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed, in, over or upon which their respective Rights of Common shall extend, due regard being had iu settling the Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprised therein; and shall also set out and award every Person's Allotment as near to his Messuage or Messuages, Cottages, Sites, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof he is or shall be entitled to Right of Commons as conveniently may be.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons Claims of Rights having or claiming any Estate or Interest in of upon the Lands and Frodaced* Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall

by themselves or their Agents deliver their respective Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners expressing the Purpose of such Meeting, shall be given in the manner hereinbefore directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Claims of any Commissiooera Right or Rights of Common upon the said Open Commonable to investigtte Grounds or Waste Lands or any Part or Parts thereof, to be deli- Claims, vered to the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act,

[Proviso.]

shall (whether the same be formally objected to or not under the Provisions of the said recited Act, by any Person or Persons, or Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises) be investigated by the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, as soon as conveniently may be after Delivery thereof: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give Fourteen Days' Notice at the leaf!; of their Meetings for such Purpose, by Advertisement in the Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Brecknock; and the said Commissioners shall with ill convenient Speed, after such Investigation of the said Claims, cause printed Lifts or Schedules of the same, distinguishing therein all such of the said Claims to which they shall have any Objection, or to which Objections shall have been made by any other Persons in pursuance of the said Act, to be lodged for the Puj-pose of Public Inspection, at such and so many convenient Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, of which Places Public Notice shall be given by Advertisement in the said Cambrian Newspaper if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Brecknock; and shall also cause Copies or Extracts thereof, so far as shall concern or relate to the respective Claims to which Objections shall arise or be made, to be left at the last or usual Places of Abode of the respective Persons whose Claims shall be objected to, or of their Stewards or Agents; and any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or

____Col-

>o8t

C. 19a

55 GEO. III.

A, Di8n

Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interfiled in the Premise may offer Objections to any Claim contained in such Schedule < Lift, within Three Months next after the aforesaid Publicatic thereof, by delivering the Particulars of such Obiedion to the fai Commissioners in Writing, in manner prescribed by the said recite Act; and no such Objection shall afterwards be received, unlessfc some legal Disability or special Cause to be allowed by the fai Commissioners.

Power for Com-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpul mUfioner* to or Difference shall, arise, between any of the Parties interested a settle Disputes. claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment am Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interest which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the same, a touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to th said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the faro respectively.

Commissioners

XXXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shal not to determine authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine the Title t( Title to Estate. any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatla ever; but they and he shall assign and set out the several Allotment! directed to be made, unto the Person or Persons having the adhial Seisin or Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made. Power to assess

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Com. Costs relative to missioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pur-or jealous. fuance Of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, fee Cause to award any Cow, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said CommifSonm, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid, either to the Public Account for or towards the Expences occasioned in or relating to the Mb-

B, settling and determining of such Claim or Claims, if finally wed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby difal* lowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and naured, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person whonuoever, to jpjfbef, cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress tad Bale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Botte*

Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so r , -rL:

same, rendering the Overplus (ir  or Persons, or Body or Bod whose Goods and Chattels after deduding the Costs as

A.D. 1815. 55OEO.IIL C190.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of all the Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Ml Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests whatsoever, in, over or upon the Lands if and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or

M any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every such case it shall be law-

j ful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or p Collegiate so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter

b so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next Great

i Session, or at the Great Session following the next, to be holden for the County of Brecknock, or at the then next Assizes, or at the j|| Assizes following the next, to be holden for the County of Hereford,

0 and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic,

; Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be so dissatisfied with the De-

termination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action

!to be brought upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or against I the said Commissioners, if the Subject of Determination shall be of

j such a nature as will affect the Persons in general interested in the said

I Open Commonable Lands and Grounds within Three Calendar

i Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or

I Umpire shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties

interested; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or

( Actions shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to name

I an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common

Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined; such I flue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the same; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as also to put off the Trial of such Issue if it shall think fit, as is usual in other cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to aA in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and in every case in which the said Commissioners shall be Defendants, the Costs and Charges payable by the said Commissioners in such Action or Actions, shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this A A. '

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, over or 55 Geo. III. 4 A upon

' 1089

Parties may try Riehts by Issue at Law.

Common Bail.

Determinatioa

of Commissioners final.

log*

C. 190.

SS9 GEO. III.

AJDii8i5

Iu case of Death of Parties b< fore Actions h. ought lame cjrritd 0. 1 and defendtd in their Nanus.

Persons in possession not moled ed without due Course of Law.

Trials not to suspend Execution of Powers of Ad*.

upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall (in case such Determinate shall not be so objected to, or being objected to, such Action 0 A die ns at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within tin time and in manner hereinbefore for that Purpose mentioned) be fins and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body ant Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if ar.i Person or Persons, in whose Favour aoy such Determination asafoi said shall have been made, and against whom auy Action or A&w, might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Adioi or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration 0: the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the brn within the time so limited as aforesaid, against fuen Person or Persons as if actually living; and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or A&ioni, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons, who shall claim the Benefit oi such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same manner at if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend to enable the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Right between any Parties, contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in cases of Encroachments); but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they or the said Umpire shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejedraent or other due Course of Law.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fneb Difference, Dispute or Proceeding, touching (he Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay, the wd Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hut the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, shall be.proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or RytriMi and the said Commissioners shall, by proper Marks jmdil^lniljhp 01! the Lands and Grounds which shall be ^Hotted of such litigated Property, so that

be

Commissioners may adjudge Quantity, See Lands, 4c. but

1 A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C190. 1091

ft virtue whereof any Person or Persons shall be allowed to have a Right all ancient Mef-

ib of Common upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds iuaSes considereJ

ft hereby directed to be divided, allotted or inclosed, or any Part thereof, of etiual Value' but the said Commissionera shall and they are hereby authorized to ft adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and every such

ft Lands respectively, and rate and estimate the same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the real Value thereof, for the 4} Purposes of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordi-H nary Value arising from local or temporary or other peculiar Advan-

0 tage8; and such their Judgment and Determination shall be binding

[Proviso.]

and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided also, that

d nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Combi missioners to consider any ancient Messuage or Building or Site

ijj thereof, in respect of which any Right of Common shall be allowed,

1 at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or

jj Building or Site thereof, but the said Commissioners shall rate and

b estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings and Sites thereof, at

II an equal Value, one with another, and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

p XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Trial of Paro-

jj Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall consider him- Boundaries j self, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determi-

j nation of the said Commissioners or Umpire, respecting the Limits peaUo Quarter

I or Boundaries of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlet, Dillrift Sessions.

j or Place, upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds

I hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or of any Parish,

I Manor, Township, Hamlet, District or Place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners,

I pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign 4i g. 3. fCJ.K.)

I of His present Majesty, and shall by Writing under their, his or her 0. 109. 3.

Hands or Hand give Notice to the said Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination, of their, his or her Desire to have the same determined by an Issue at Law, instead of an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions under the Provision of the said last mentioned Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dif-satisfied with such Determination, to have the same ascertained and settled by Trial of an Issue at Law, under the Provisions of this Act, in case of any disputed Right or Claim.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons No Turf taken shall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes, Underwood or avr*y after pass-Soil, of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by in5 of virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, other than and except the Owners of the Soil, for the Purpose of digging or searching for and carrying away any Gravel or Stone for the Repair of Roads, then and in every such case, on due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to Penalty, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus 4 A 2 (if

C. 190. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 181;

Boundary Fences may be ftiortened.

Persons who have enjoyed Commonage for Twenty Years, considered to have a Right of Common.

[Proviso.]

(if any) on Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deduftin? the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall deem it expedient or proper to shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in the said respective Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets or Places, and any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, or to make the same Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the said Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary or Boundaries shall be so set out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such manner, and at such time or times, as the said Commissioners in and by their final Award shall order and direct j and the same shall for ever thereafter, as between such Lord or Lords of Manors and Owner or Owners of Lands, be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, situate in any Part or Parts of the said several Parishes of TJlradvtUtey, Tflrad-gunlais, Llangajley Tallyllyn, Llanddetty, Cantrejf, Garth Brag, Llande vailog vacb, Merthyr Cynog, Saint Davids, Llanffythid, Defynnock, Llywell, Saint John the Evangelist, Penderin, Llandilor-vane, Trallong and LJanvihangel Nantbrane, the Owners or Occupiers whereof for the time being have for Twenty Years last pad had and actually enjoyed any Right or Rights of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for or in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively save and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) shall be deemed and taken to have, in respect of such their Estates, a Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or the Part or Parts thereof to which fochUligt shall have extended, without shewing any other Title than fodiUsage, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the fine respectively, in the same Proportion as other Persons entitled to Common thereon respectively: Provided nevertheless, that the! last hereinbefore contained shall not any wife affect ay$ lets, Places or Persons having or claimingitfj P1

the said Open Commonable Lands a '

respectively, other than such as f they shall be able to suppoit fft^moot, in case-gaeiune

il

iwkti

hU

'ipoiA

lit

trail

M

y.U

[4

'H!

y.t

jS>

-rti

G*

sfc

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 190.

L. And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall, by Order of the said Commissioners, be marked and staked out, all the several Shares or Allofcnents to be set out as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of and in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all Rights of Common whatsoever, which the said Owners, Proprietors, their Tenants and Occupiers, or any of them, could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over or upon the said Forest and other the said Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and from that time all Rights of Common whatsoever, in, over or upon the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, shall cease and be for ever annulled, abolished and extinguished: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time before the Execution of their said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the several Churches or Chapels to each Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common, in or over the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended, for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the time mentioned in such Writing, cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Sites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be desirous that their respective Shares in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights belonging to such Messuages, Cottages, Sites or Homesteads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, should be allotted together in One or more Parcel or Pareels, and shall express such their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons, in One or more Allotment or Allotments; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direct and appoint in their said final Award.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in the said Newspaper called The Cambrian Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and also by Writing to De affixedon the principal outer Doors of the Churches of the 4 A 3 Parishes,

1093

After Allotments made, Rights of Corn-men to ceai'e.

[Proviso.]

Owners of Common Rjghts may have Allotments laid together.

Allotments delineated on Flan and shewn to Proprietors.

i94

C. 190.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Sale of Allotments before Execution of Award.

Comm iHioners of His Majesty' Woods, &c. empowered to purchase Lands.

Allotments

fenced.

Parishes adjoining the said Forest, of the Day or Days and Place where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and inspect the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the same relates to each Person respectively; and as some Personi may, upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of such Meeting or Meetings as shall be deemed necessary to be holden by them, for hearing Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Objections; and their Determinations in the Premises, as to Quantity and Situation, shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all Parties.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, hath or hate fold, or shall at any time hereafter and before the Execution of the said final Award, fell his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over or upon the said Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that PuTpose, by Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Rights, Interest and Property fold; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, after the Completion of such Sale, hold the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, might, conld or ought to have held and enjoyed the same, in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest or Property had been vested in such Vendee at the time of making such Sale as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the s Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forest* and Land Revenues, by and with the Approbation and Consent'of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them on behalf of His Majesty, to agree with and to purchase from any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotments of Land under this Act, all or any Part of his, her or their respective Allotments, to be made to him, her or them under this Act, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; such Lands when purchased to be inclosed and appropriated to the Growth and Cultivation of Timber.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the several outermost or Ring-fences of the said Moiety of the said Forest so to be allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, and also of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to His fsid Majesty, in lieu of Tithes, in respect of such Part or Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands as are or shall be found to be Extraparochi?.!, shall be made in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direri and appoint, and such Outermost or Ring-fences shall be raised and made, and for ever thereafter maintained, supported and ,: Repair, at the Expences, Costs and Charges or Lu* __________ j

55 GEO. III. C. 190.

1 95

it or Dai t: lk

fdSi

; dli

: ?iac

cj ft

uE

; -j

: iir

xi

2*

r

his Heirs and Successors, save and except as to such Part or Parts thereof as shall adjoin the Allotment or Allotments to be made to any other Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, which last mentioned Part or Parts of such Outermost or Ring-fences shall be made, supported and kept in Repair, in such Parts and Proportions, and in such manner and by such Persons as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct and appoint; and all Fences in pursuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds shall be made and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such time, and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their final Award, order, direct or appoint.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing Saturation to the Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allot- made for tn-ments, it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof equal Share of shall not have a proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, j?oun(W it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge ences* reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors, towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the said Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion (regard being had to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the respective Allotments) and the Money so to be ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present 41 0.3. (U.K.) Majesty: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the c. 109. 27. said Commissioners, at any time before executing their final Award, Proviso* to make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may have set out and ordered, or in any Private Roads laid or to be laid over or to such Allotments, that they shall think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations, on account of any Expences he, she or they may have been at, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her or them, and shall direct by whom and in what manner such Recompence shall be made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Ex- Forest difaf-ecution of the final Award of the said Commissioners, all Forestal fortfted.

Rights and Privileges whatsoever of The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessee or Lessees, Grantee or Grantees, and of all other Persons whomsoever, within, upon and over the said Forest, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished, and the Whole of the said Forest shall be disafforested to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

tittill. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioners theiffi Commissioners to set out, allot and award any Lands, Tene- to allot ia ntentt or Hereditaments within the Forest, or in any adjoining Parish, cha, 6e* Township, Hamlet or Place, the Owners whereof are entitled for or in respect of the same to any Right of Common upon the said Forest, or upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any

fart thereof, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, ToneA 4'ifrcnts

X096

C. 190.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Expences of Exchanges how p.iid.

Allotments to remain of same Tenure.

ments and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Forest, or io any of the Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets or Places in which the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds respectively lie or are situate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township or Place; Provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, Specified and declared io the said final Award of the said Commissioners, or in some other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Pro* prietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors, but not otherwise, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the tipie of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himfdf or herself; such Consent to be testified in Writing, under, the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held m right of any Church, Chapel or any Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese or other Ordinary of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Colls, Charges and Expences attending the making and completing of all Exchanges and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities of this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, and in such Proportions is the said Commissioners shall order and dirfeft.

LX. And be it enacted, That all and every the Allotment! fobs made in pursuance of this Act, for or in respect of any Freehold Estates, shall be deemed and taken to be and held Freehold Estates (subject nevertheless to the Seignorial jltgftjrof the Lords of the respective Manors in whjc1- - "

and all and every the Allotments to bemijg of or Customary Estates held of^which such of ot Customary " situate, shall be/"'

ES^ates,

55 GEO. III. C. 190.

y*

: 5H

11

if

they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the of or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made now do pass.

LXI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed or taken, to reyoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance, in, out of, uppn or over, or affecting the said Forest, or upon the Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and in-dosed, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year aforesaid, or of this Act, or any Part or Parcels thereof; but that the several Allotments so to be allotted or given in Exchange upon such Division or Allotment or Inclosure thereof, to the several Owners and Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made and set out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, from the Execution of the said final award, stand, be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the same Estates, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities for making Leases thereof or otherwise, and subject to such and the same Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common and Common of Pasturage as aforesaid, and such other Exceptions and Provisions as are herein made, only excepted), as the said several Lands and Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu whereof, or in Right whereof such Allotments were and are to be made to them respectively, flood severally limited, or subject and liable unto at the time of making such Allotments respectively, or of the Execution of the said final Award.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments of the Land to be made at the said Forest by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Houses or Lands held by Lease or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases no Fines are expressed therein to have been paid to the Grantors or Lessors as the Considerations for the same, shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Houses and Lands, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees, to, in or upon the said Allotments or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leases 5 and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, herfelfor themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and Lessees shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners on Application made to them by either Party, to take the Matters in Question into their Consider--atto^ffield by their Orders to make unto every such Lessee, for his, her JunKlheir Loss of Commonage, or other Losses by means of the fai(fr Division* Allotment and Inclosure, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents, by such Leases reserved, as the said Commissioners shall think just and equft-

muf

Tairas

io97

Will* and Settlement* not affected.

Leases at Rack Rent vacated.

1098 c. 190.

55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Quicksets not to he damaged by Sheep.

Money advanced repaid with Interest.

Tenants for

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lamia shall be kept in any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue o( this Act, during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said final Award, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall and do, at his, her or their own Expence, fence or guard his, her or their Neighbour's Quicksets adjoining the Inclosum wherein such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs; and it shall Bot be lawful for any Person or Persons to turn or put or cause to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Asses or other Beasts or Cattle, into any of the Ways, Lanes or Roads, ot either Sides of which any newly planted Fence shall be growing.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the same into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the same with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

c LXV. And Whereas some of the Owners or Proprietor* to ' whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, may have occasion to borrow Money to defray their respective Shares and Pro- portions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be

Life, tec. empowered to borrow Money.

lawful for such Owners or Proprietors, and for all other Persons whomsoever interested in such respective Allotments, being a Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or Lefiee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives; and also to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever; and also to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees or Committees of any Owner* or Proprietors, being under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtesy of England, or Lessee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge such Lands and Ground* as shall be allotted to such Owners and Proprietors respectively with any Sum or Sums of Money n<?t exceeding Five Pounds, for each and every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportions of the Charge* and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of inclosing and subdividing their respective Allotments, as the said Commimooe. shall think proper for such Purpose, the same to be paid to such Pa* son or Persons, and to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, m fwh manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with la* terest for the same, to grant, lease, demise, mortgage, surrender or otherwise subject their said respective Allotments or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or

1st

iif

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 190. 1099

Sums of Money respectively, his, her or their Heirs, Eketutors, Administrators or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; so that any such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied j and so that in every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security, which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Life only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant, that the Ownefr or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured, during their respective Lives; and no Persons afterwards becoming seized or possessed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the time at which the Title to such Possessions shall have commenced $ and every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security of the said Premises, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Final Award, shall, after having finished and completed such Subdivision and Allotments of the said Forest, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final Award, in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the said ^icq $ '

Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which shall be made within Five Years after the passing of this Act, and the same when inrolled in manner directed by the same Act shall be deposited and left with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock, where the same shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable times in the Day-time, for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever paying the Sum of One Shilling and no more, to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for every such inspection and Perusal; and Two Copies of such Award shall be Inrolled. inrolled, one of them in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; such Award, or the Inrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occasions where any Doubt on Controversy may arise relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of any Allotment vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each Account exa-and every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners MaSstrates W shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement innulUyr or Account of all Sums of Money by them or any of them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them, if required, laid before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock (not interested in the said intended.Division,

C. 190.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18ij.

Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be by them examined d balanced at a Public Meeting of the Proprietors, whereof Twenty one Days* Notice shall be given in the Cambrian Newspaper), such Justices being hereby authorized to take or call such Aid and AM* ance in such Examination as they shall think fit, and to charge the incidental Expences thereof; and the Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unless allowed by Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid. Appeal.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire, as are by the said last recited Act or by this Act directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore directed), then and in every such case, he, she or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the said County of Brecknock, within Six Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners Notice. Twenty one Days previous Notice of such Appeal; and the Justices

at the said Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matters of every such Complaint, and to make such Order there-Costs, in, and to award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable; and

by their Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall Certiorari. not be removed by Certiorari or any Writ or Writs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LXIX. And Whereas it may happen that some Parts of the said Forest which are not within the Bounds or Limits of any

Parish, may hereafter become inhabited, in which case the Inhabit-

ants thereof will have no Place of Public worship to resort to, and ' it is therefore expedient, that as well for f the Convenience of such

Inhabitants, as for the extending the Benefit and Influence of Re-

ligious Worship and Instruction, that such Provisions should be A new Church ' made in that respect as are herein after contained Be it therefore built upon Extra- further enacted, That in case it shall hereafter appear that the said parochial Part of Forest or any considerable Portion thereof is Extraparochial, that pence of Crown then Quan^y of Land as shall be necessary for the Scite J if Lords of Trea> Church and for a Churchyard or Cemetery, and for the Scite of a fury and Bishop proper Parsonage House and Offices to be erected and built, and for' of Saint David* a Garden and Yard or Homestead to be attached thereto, to the [ flwll think: h Extent in the whole of Ten Acres at the least, shall be reserved by fadTcafe EitrtJ ^>e Grown out of the Lands so to be allotted to His Majesty a? parochial Parted aforesaid, and shall not be sold; and that in case, at any time fat* Forest formed 1] after, the Number of Persons who shall be resident and inhabfciur Into a Parish. 3 upon that Part of the said Forest which is Extraparochial. f

1IOK

j A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 190.

ig, Majesty's Treasury and the Bishop of Saint David's for the time being, be such as shall render it expedient that a Church shall be jjy. erected upon the said Allotment for the Performance of Divine^Worship therein, and for the affording Religious instruction to the; ^Inhabitants of such Part of the said Forest as is Extraparochial, then and in such case the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, by and out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, cause a new Church and a fit and convenient Parsonage House and Offices j to be erected and built upon Part of the Lands so to be reserved as

aforesaid, and shall appropriate other Part thereof near to the said c* Church, for a Churchyard or Burial Ground, and the Residue

thereof as a Garden, Yard or Homestead to the said Parsonage House, and shall inclose the same accordingly, in such manner as the: fl said Commissioners shall think proper for such Purposes 5 and shall 1, 1 cause the said Church when so erested, and the Churchyard so to be sf attached thereto, to be duly consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England; and the same Church shall be for ever t! thereafter set apart and dedicated as and for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of ! England, for the Use of all the Inhabitants who shall so reside within

that Part of the said Forest which is Extraparochial, and shall be named and called The Parish Church of Brecknock} and that such Part

of the said Forest as is at present Extraparochial, shall for ever there-

after form and be a distinct Parish of itself and be called by the Name of The Parish of Brecknock: Provided always, that there shall be set apart and appropriated in the Church to be erected and built by virtue of this Act such a Number of Seats for the gratuitous Accommodation of the Poor of the said Parish, as the Lord

If Bishop of the Diocese shall think necessary, proper and convenient,

LXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Erection and Consecration of the said Parish Church, the said Piece of Ground which shall be so inclosed and appropriated as a Churchyard f or Cemetery as aforesaid, shall be and for ever continue to be a Churchyard or Place of Burial for all the Inhabitants of such new

Parish of Brecknock.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Plan or Design of i such Church, Parsonage House, Offices and other Buildings, shall be submitted to and approved by the Bishop of Saint David's for the time being before the same shall be erected; and that no such

Church, Parsonage House or other Building shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, without the Approbation of the said Bishop signified in Writing under his Hand.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Church when built, completed and consecrated as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be a Perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of The Parish Church of Brecknock; and that every Minuter of the said Church shall be by virtue of this Act incorporated and made a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of "The Offi- dating Minister of the Parirfi Church of Brecknock in the County of BtmdmOckt* and shall have Perpetual Succession, and be enabled (OviW ai^brfti^by that Name in all Courts of this Realm; and (hiMlieHfttid Chdrh^ and Churchyard or Burial Place, and the said Parsonage House, Garden, Yard or Homestead, shall be vested in the said Minister and his Successors for the time being for ever; and

that

[Proviso.]

Churchyard inclosed and to continue for ever a Burial Ground.

Plan or Design of Church submitted te Bishop.

Church Perpetual Cure and Benefice; officiating Minister incorporated.

A.D. 181

1102 C. 190. GEO. III.

MiniAer endowed with Pension of 1501. per Annum by The Cruwn.

Advowsoo vested in The Crown.

Banns of Matrimony published and Marriage* celebrated in Church.

Registers of Christeningi, ice. kept.

Parish subject to Parochial Laws.

that the said Church and the Ministers thereof shall be subjefi all respects to the Visitation of the Lord Bishop of Saint Dsvit for the time being, and shall also be subject to the ordinary Eccl fiastical Jurisdiction by Law established; and that Divine Servii shall be from time to time for ever thereafter performed in the fai Church according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church 1 England as by Law established.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintenuc and Support of the Minister of the said Church for the time beinj he shall have and be allowed a Yearly Stipend or annual Sum c One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him half-yearly, withou any Deduction, by Warrant from the Lords ConamifiGoners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, out of the Land Revenue of The Crown j and such Minister shall also have and be entitlei to receive and take all such Easter Offerings, Dues, Surplus Fees Donations and Emoluments, as are or shall be usually payable so Parochial Duties in other Parishea.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Righi of Patronage, free Disposition and Nomination of, in and to thi same Church, when the same shall have been so ereried, built anc consecrated as aforesaid, shall appertain apd belong to The King'i Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall have been so built and consecrated as aforesaid, and at all times thereafter, Banns of Matrimony may be published, and Manages may be celebrated therein in such Manner and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the same may by Law be published and celebrated in any other Church or Public Chapel, wherein Banns and Marriages are allowed by Law to be published and celebrated j and that every such Marriage shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever; provided all such Banns and Marriages shall be pob-lished and celebrated according to the Laws and Canons which shall be then in force within this Realm in that behalf.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That after the said Church shall be so built and consecrated as aforesaid, Christenings and Burials had and solemnized within the said Church shall be regiltaed in Public Registers, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, in like manner as by Law directed, or a* in uMly practised in other Parish Churches.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall have been so built and consecrated, and the said Parish so formed as aforesaid, all the Laws and Statutes which Bull be then

in force within that Part of the United Kingdom called relating to Parishes or to Parochial Officers, shall be in M Force, and have Effect and Operation in all respe$a ig relation tofsthneu Parish and Parish Officers of the said ijeu&pftriffiof manner as if the same had been a Eariffi tq iksjulung

and paffipg the same Laws and Statute,

LXXVm And be it fcntar snjfl*

MI JtoAfM&m

I A.D. 18i. 55 GEO. III. C. 190. 1103

yn

or more Townships, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the Justices not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required to hear such Petition, and to investigate and enquire into the Allegations therein contained; and if upon such Hearing the said Justices shall think it re-quisite or expedient that the said Parish shall be divided into Two or more Townships, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order and Award for the Division of the said Parish into Two or more Town-ships accordingly, and* to give all such Directions in relation thereto as they shall think requisite and necessary; and in case such Order shall be so made, then and from thenceforth the said Parish shall be divided accordingly into such Townships; and such Townships shall be called by such Names as the said Justices shall in and by such Order direct; and every such Township shall from thenceforth for ever thereafter provide for its own Poor, and have and enjoy and be vested with such and the like Powers, Privileges and Immunities, and be subject to such and the like Regulations a6 are or shall be then incident to and held and enjoyed by the several other Townships within the said County of Brecinoci, by the Laws and Statutes in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Saving of His Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of The King's Majesty* Right Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in or to any Mines to Mmet* of Coal, Lead Ores, or any other Minerals whatsoever, in or under the same Forest or any Part thereof, but that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, raise and carry away all Coal, Lead Ores, Metals, and all other Minerals whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed; save only that they shall respectively do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from time to time to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Damage that shall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, raising and carrying away the said Coal, Lead Ores, Metals, and all other Minerals or any of them.

LXXX. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty* General Saving, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and A(sign8, all such Estate, Right, Title, ' Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed, in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted and enclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been passed.

SCHEDULE

U04

C.jpo.

5S'GE6.UL

A.D. 18ty

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers. FORM of CERTIFICATE of Contraffs made by the CommiJut ers of His Majesty's Woo at, Forests and Land Revenue/.

By the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land I Revenues.

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His MijcUfi Treasury, bearing Date the Day of

A.B. and C. D* Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contrafted and agreed with A\ B. of for the Sale to the said A B. of all [here describe the Premises to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money

of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England and carried to " The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fund; " and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said A.B. and his, [her, or their] Heirs [or, Successors] or Assigni, shall he adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises so by him [her, or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, and in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands this Day of

in the Year of our Lord Signed by the above named in the

Presence of

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of

of and from A.B. the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Confidention Money expressed in the above [or, within] written Certificate. Wttndi my Hand, For the Governor and Coo-

pany of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Odder.

i f*

t. u fijmi*

1815.

55 GEO. III. C. 191.

1105

hm

A'it

u

<ik

13

CAP. CXCI.

An Act to authorize the Appointment of Commissioners for ereing an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin.

[nth July 1815.]

WHEREAS the Erection of an Asylum Harbour or Place of Refuge for Ships and Vessels to the Eastward of

Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin, will be^of

great Advantage to the Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port

and Harbour, and of great Utility to the Trade and Commerce

between Great Britain and Ireland, and it is expedient to provide

for the Appointment of Commissioners for the making of such

Surveys and Plans and Estimates as may be necessary to be made

preliminary to the proceeding in the erecting of the said Harbour

or Place of Refuge Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under his or their Hand or Hands to nominate any fit Persons, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Persons so to be nominated shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, and from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, shall think fit; and also to appoint from time to time any Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply any Vacancy which may be occasioned by the Death or Resignation of any Commissioner or Commissioners who may be appointed under or by virtue of this Act; and no Commissioner to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid, or receive or take any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Allowance whatever, for or on account of any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or for or on account of the Execution of the Powers by this Act vested in such Commissioners, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall from time to time proceed to cause such Surveys, Plans and Estimates to be made and prepared as shall be directed by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the time being, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that for that Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors, Officers, Clerks and Servants, as they shall think proper and expedient for such Purposes.

Lord Lieutenant may nominate Commissioners;

and revoke Appointments, and fill Vacancies.

Commissioners to cause Surveys and Estimates to be made.

no 6

C. 191, 192.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Engineers and others may enter on Premises for > making Harbour, Stc.

Satisfaction for Damages.

Commissioners to proceed under Direction of Treasury.

Disposition by Will of Copy-hold Estates effectual without previous Surrenders toUsea thereof!

Admission* under Testamentary Disposition*, to pay like Feca, Stc. as payable on Surrender*.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfd to and for the Engineers, Surveyors, Agents, Workmen and Servants employed by the said Commissioners from time to time to enter upon all or any Lands or Grounds of any Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in or upon which it shall be judged expedient that the said Asylum Harbour or Place of Refuge, or any Piers, Quays, Erections or Buildings, for the Purpose of making or completing such Harbour, shall be made, erected or built, in order to survey and take Plans and Levels of the same, and to fct out and ascertain such Parts of such Lands or Grounds as the said Commissioners shall think necessary or proper for such Purposes, such Surveyors, Engineers, Agents or Servants, making Sadsfadion for such Damages as they shall do thereby to the Occupier* of such Lands or Grounds for the time being, in case the same shall exceed the Sum of One Shilling Sterling.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in all thing8 touching the Execution of this Act proceed accordioe to such Orders and Directions as shall be given by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

CAP. CXCII.

An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Disposition of of Estates by Will.

[12th Julj 1815.]

WHEREAS by the Customs of certain Manors, of

Estates of such Manors pass by the last Will and Testament

of the of Tenants thereof declaring the Usesof Surrenders

made for that Purpose: And Whereas much Inconvenience hu

arisen, from the Necessity of making such Surrenders / For Remedy whereof. May it please Your Majesty that it may be eroded; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all cases where by the Custom of any Manor in England or Ireland any of Tenant of such Manor may by his or her last Will and Testament dispose of or appoint his or her of Tenements, the same having been surrendered to such Uses as should be declared by such Last Will and Testament, erav Disposition or Charge made or to be made by any such Lift Will and Testament by any Person who shall die after the passing of this Act, of any fuen of Tenements, or of any Right, Title or Interest in or to the same, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, although no Surrender shall have been made to the Use of the Last Will and Testament of such Person, as the same would have been if a Surrender bad been made to the Use of such Will.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted* Hat so Person entitled or claiming to be entitled to^Sopyhold ^Dtse-ments or Hereditaments, in consequeqce position, shall be entitled to be any thing in this Act contained*

1167

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 192, 193.

! Stamp Duties, Fees and Sums of Money as would have been law- fully due and payable in respect of the surrendering of such Copy-1, ^1! hold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Use of such Will, i ; n or in respect of the presenting, registering or enrolling such Surrender, rxjb had the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments been surrendered to the Use of the Will of the Person so disposing of the same; all &?3* 1 such Stamp Duties, Fees or Sums of Money due as aforesaid to be ttflEJ paid in addition to the Stamp Duties, Fees or Sums of Money due: ck or payable on the Admission of such Person so entitled or claiming r /a to be entitled to the same of Lands, Tenements or Here-r.tt ditaments, and the Stamp Duties to be affixed to the Copy of the -\2f Admission.

=iibr

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed or taken, at Law or in Equity, to render invalid or ineffectual any 'p Devise or Disposition of any of Lands, Tenements or Here-\.p ditaments, or of any Right, Title or Interest in or to of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which would be valid or effectual if this Act had not been made; or to render valid and 'p effectual any Devise or Disposition of any of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Right, Title or Interest in or to

any of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which would be invalid or ineffectual if a Surrender had been made to the Use of I the Last Will and Testament of the Person attempting to dispose of

t the same by Will j any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXCIII.

p An Act to enable His Majesty, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session oif Parliament, to regulate I the Trade and Commerce carried on between His Majesty's 'Subjects and the Inhabitants of the United States of America.

J [12th July 1815.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Purpose of a Commercial Intercourse with the Inhabitants of the United States of America, that certain Powers should be given for a limited time to His Majesty in Council for regulating the said Commercial Intercourse

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be issued and published from time to time, to give such Directions, and to make such Regulations with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying on the Trade and Commerce between the People and Territories belonging to The Crown of Great Britain and the People and Territories of the said United States, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West India 4 B a Islands,

Act not to invalidate Devises of Copyholds, &c.

His Majesty may make Regulatioos for carrying on Trade between His Subjects and Inhabitants of United States.

a8 0.3. c. 6.

I10&

37 G-3-c. 97-

Pro vise for Continuance.

Charter, i6Dec. ij Jac. i.

0. 193, 194. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands a the West Indies; or in an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, conclude between His Majesty and the United States of America; or any other Act, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to His Majesty, and all Orders ittued and published in cod-iequence thereof, shall continue and be in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXCIV.

An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

[12th July 1815.]

WHEREAS His Majesty King James the First, by Letter* Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Sixth Day of December, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, did for Himself, his Heirs and Successors, grant unto William Bejfe, and divers other Persons therein named, and to all and singular other Persons whomsoever, brought up and ikilful in the Art, Mystery or Faculty of Apothecaries, and exercising the same Art, Mystery or Faculty, then being Freemen of the Mystery of Grocers of the dty of London, or being Freemen of any other Art, Mystery or Faculty in the said City of London (so as they had been brought up and were expect in the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries) that they and all such Men of the said Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of and in the said City of London and Suburbs of the same, and within Seven Miles of the said City, might and should be one Body Corporate and Politic, in Substance, Deed and Name, by the Name of "The Mailer, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London and did ordain and declare, that by the same Name they might have perpetual Succession, and hare* '1 purchase, possess, enjoy and retain Manors, Messuages, Lands, [ Tenements, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions and Hereditaments to them and their Successors, in Fee Simple, and 1 Perpetuity, or for Term of Year or Years, or otherwise howsoever; and also Goods and Chattels, and all other Things soever, of what Name, Nature, Kind, Quality or Sort soever they should be|'and also that they might grant, demise, alien, assign and dispose of ! Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and do indexe* I

cute all and singular other Acts and Things by the said Name j and that by the said Name of Matter, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of Loadn, they should and might be able to plead and be impleadedi and might have for ever a Common Seal, and the same Seal at tWPleaiot from time to time might break, change* alt*rands them should seem best; and His &d " ' "

Letters Patent, ordain and gTant^and Society of the Art certain Ordinance*, Rules aJtd l

H09

A.D. 1815. 55^ GEO. III. C. 194.

M 4 and maintained by them, as in the said Charter are more fully fcf! 4 expressed: And Whereas some of the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Charter, so far as the same regard the said * 4 Society of Apothecaries, have been found inadequate for the

T* 4 Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient that the

aw 4 same should be altered, varied and enlarged, and further and na other Provisions made; May it therefore please Your Majesty: 9 that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most cri Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the ?i Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par's liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Charter of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things !l, therein contained save and except such Part or Parts thereof as are

y, hereby altered, varied or repealed), shall be, and the same is and are

jji hereby declared to be in full force and virtue, and shall be as good, j0 valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this 'f Act had not been made.

1/

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Charter as directs that the said Matter and Wardens, and their

0 Successors, or some or one of them, or some Assistants by the Master and Wardens to be appointed and assigned, at fit and con-

ill venient times, and in manner and Form convenient and lawful, from jj time to time as often as to the said Master and Wardens shall seem expedient, shall and may go and enter into any Shop or Shops,

p House or Houses, Cellar or Cellars, of any Persons whomsoever,

using or exercising the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries, or any Part

p thereof, within the City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs

thereof, or within Seven Miles of the same City, as well within the Liberty as without, where any Medicines, simple or compound, u Wares, Drugs, Receipts, Distilled Waters, Chemical Oils, Syrups, Conserves, Lohocks, Elestuaries, Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Oils,

1 Ointments, Piaifters, or any other Things whatsoever, which belong

or appertain to the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries as is aforesaid, are likely to be found 5 and to search, survey and prove ! if the same Medicines, simple or compound, Wares, Drugs, Receipts,

j Distilled Waters, Chemical Oils, Syrups, Conserves, Lohocks,

I Elestuaries, Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Oils, Ointments, Piaifters,

: or any Thing or Things whatsoever belonging to the Art or

Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid, be and shall be wholesome,

medicinable, meet and fit for the Cure, Health and Ease of His Majesty's Subjects; and also so much of the said recited Charter as directs, that the aforesaid Master and Wardens of the Mystery aforesaid, and the said Assistants for the time being, thereunto nominated and appointed by the Master and Wardens, and their Successors from time to time, may have, and by virtue of these Presents shall have full Power and Authority to examine and try all and Angular Persons professing, using or exercising, or which hereafter -use'; sfcr exCrcife the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries, or the aforesaid City of London, the Liberties r within Seven Miles of the same City, as well

within lUtb^io^SMRhout, touching or concerning their and every^'-'Jf* 4 B % of

Charter confirmed, except as altered by Act*

So much of Charter as directs Master and Wardens to enter Shops of Apothecaries and examine Medicines, See. and impose Penalties, repealed.

mo

C. 194.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 18fy

Master, Wardens, &c. em-

of their Knowledge, Skill and Science, in the aforesaid Artot Mystery of Apothecaries, and to remove and prohibit all those from the Exercise, Use or Practice of the said Art or Mystery, whon hereafter they shall find either unskilful, ignorant or insufficient, or obstinate, or refusing to be examined by virtue of these Prefeoti in the Art or Mystery aforesaid; and also all and Angular Medidnes, Wares, Drugs, Receipts, Distilled Waters, Oils, Chemical Preparations, Syrup9, Conserves, Lohocks, Ele&uaries, Pills, Powder*, Lozenges, Oils, Ointments and Plaisters, and all other Things belonging to the aforesaid Art, which they shall find unlawful, deceitful, stale, out of Use, unwholesome, corrupt, unmedicinable, pernicious, or hurtful, to burn before the Offender's Doors; and also to lay, impose, and exact Mul&s, and other Pains and Penalties, bjr Fines, and Amerciaments upon such Offenders, according to their found Discretions, and the Ordinances by them and their Successors so as aforesaid to be made and appointed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III.' And be it further enacted, That, in lieu and Head thereof, the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries for the time powered to enter being, and their Successors, or any of the Assistants or any other Person or Persons properly qualified, as herein after is mentioned, to and xamine* ke by the Matter and Wardens nominated and assigned, not being

Drugs, ate. fewer in Number than Two Persons at the least, shall and may from

time to time, and at all seasonable and convenient times, in the Day time, as often as to the said Master and Wardens it shall feera expedient, go and enter into any Shop or Shops, of any Person or Persons whatever, using or exercising the Art or Mystery of an Apothecary iu any Part of England or Walts; and shall and may search, survey, prove and determine, if the Medicines, Ample or compound. Wares, Drugs, or any Thing or Things whatsoever therein contained, and belonging to the Art or Mystery of Apothecaries aforesaid, be wholesome, meet and fit for the Cure, Health and Ease of His Majesty's Subjects; and all and every such Medicines, Wares, Drugs and all other Things belonging to the aforesaid Art, which they shall find fialfe, unlawful, deceitful, stale, unwholesome, corrupt, pernicious or hurtful, shall and may burn, or otherwise destroy; and also shall and may report to the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the said Society, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as shall be found to have the same in their Possession; and the said Master, Wardens and Assistants, shall and may impose and levy the following Fines and Penalties upon each and every Person whose Name shall be so reported to them, ai here* inafter mentioned; for the First Offence the Sum of Fne Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person to be by the Master, Wardens and Assistants for the time befog, chofa and appointed a Member of the Court of Exvnincni'for to be by the Master and Wardens nominated and - "

into any Shop or Shops, for the of London, the liberties or -

Vffe* of the f*'shall be/ be shall be a Member of

Penalties.

Qualification of Persons appointed to examine Drugs, ice.

III!

1 A-D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 194.

of not less then Ten Years* standing; nor shall any Person be deemed to be properly qualified to be nominated and assigned to go and enter into any Shop or Shops in any other Part of England and Wales for the Purposes aforesaid, or to be appointed One of the Five Apothecaries herein after mentioned, and directed to be appointed for the Purpose of examining Assistants to Apothecaries in compounding and dispensing Medicines, as herein after is mentioned, except he shall have been an Apothecary in actual Practice for not less than Ten Years at least, previously to his being so nominated, or assigned or appointed.

V. And Whereas it is the Duty of every Person using or exercising the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary, to prepare

with Exactness, and to dispense such Medicines as may be directed for the Sick by any Physician lawfully licensed to practise Physic by the President and Commonalty of the Faculty of Physic in

London or by either of the Two Universities of Oxford or Cambridge; Therefore, for the further Protection, Security and Benefit of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the better Regulation of the Practice of Physic throughout England and Wales, be it enacted, That if any Person using or exercising the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary, shall at any time knowingly, wilfully and con-tumaciously refute to make, mix, compound, prepare, give, apply or adrainifter, or any way to fell, set on Sale, put forth or put to Sale to any Person or Persons whatever, any Medicines, Compound Medicines, or Medicinable Compositions, or shall deliberately or negligently, falsely, unfaithfully, fraudulently or unduly make, mix, compound, prepare, give, apply or administer, or any way sell, set on Sale, put forth or put to Sale to any Person or Persons whatever, any Medicines, Compound Medicines or Medicinable Compositions, as directed by any Prescription, Order or Receipt, signed with the Initials in his own Hand-writing, of any Physician so lawfully licensed to practise Physic, such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Complaint made within Twenty one Days by such Physician, and upon Conviction of such Offence before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, unless such Offender can shew some satisfactory Reason, Excuse or Justification in this behalf, forfeit, for the First Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds; for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and for the Third Offence, he shall forfeit his Certificate, and be rendered incapable in future of using or exercising the Art and Mystery of an Apothecary, and be liable to the Penalty inflicted by this Act upon all who practise as such without a Certificate, in the same manner as if such Party so convicted had never been furnished with a Certificate enabling him to practise as an Apothecary; and such Offender so deprived of hi* Certificate shall be rendered and deemed incapable in future of receiving and holding any fresh Certificate unless the said Party so applying for a Renewal of his Certificate, shall faithfully promise and undertake, and give good and sufficient Security, that he will not in future be guilty of the like Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every of them the said Matter and Wardens for the time being, may, and they are hereby respectively empowered, by Writing under his or their Hands, to appoint any One or more of the said Court of Assistants to act at 4 B 4 Deputy

Apothecaries refilling to compound, or unfaithfully compounding Medicines.

Penalties.

Master and Wardens may appoint Deputy.

C. 194. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

Deputy Matter, or as Deputy Wardens, as the case may be, in act Matters and Things done, or authorized to be done, by the hid Matter, or the said Wardens, under and by virtue of the said recited Charter, or of this Act, and to remove such Deputy Matter or Deputy Wardens so to be appointed from time to time, as the said Matter or the said Wardens shall respectively think proper; and all Acts, Matters and Things, which shall be lawfully done by the said Deputy Matter or Deputy Wardens so to be appointed as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall be as good, valid and effectual, as if the same were done and performed by the said Matter and Wardeni respectively.

VII. And Whereas much Mischief and Inconvenience hasarisen, from great Numbers of Persons in many Parts of England and Wales exercising the Functions of an Apothecary, who are wholly ' ignorant, and utterly incompetent to the Exercise of such Funttioos,

whereby the Health and Lives of the Community are greatly endangered; and it is become necessary that Provision Should

be made for remedying such Evils j* Be it therefore further

Matter, War- enacted, That the said Matter, Wardens and Society of the Art and dens, he. ap- Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, incorporated by Act int rec*ted Charter of His Majesty King James the First, and

tion. 111  XC" their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby appointed and constituted, directed and empowered, for ever, to superintend the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, and to enforce and carry the several Regulations and Provisions thereof, in relation to the several Persons practising the Art or Mystery or Profession of an Apothecary throughout England and Wales, and all other the Purposes of this Act, into full Execution.

Acts of Matter,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said

Wardens, &c. Matter, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, incorporated at not vjlid unless aforesaid, for the carrying any of the Powers and Provisions of this ingst&c.*" Act into Execution, shall be, or be deemed to be good or valid ( save and except as to such Acts as shall be done by the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants, or others appointed by them, or any of them, as hereinbefore is provided, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore given to them to enter into Shops to search for, examine and destroy unwholesome Drugs or Medicines, and also save and except as to such Acts as shall be done by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them present, or by the Five Apothecaries herein after mentioned, or the major Part of them present, in pursuance of the Authorities herein after given to them), unless the same be done at some Assembly or Meeting to be bolden by the said Matter, Wardens and Society, in the Hall of the said Society; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or vetted in the said Matter, Wardens and Society as aforesaid, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the Matter, Wardens and Assistants of the Art and Mystery of Apo-thecariea aforesaid for the time being, or by the major Part of than present, who shall attend at any such Auemblj or Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, the Number present at rack Alfemblief or Meetings not being less than Thirteen, ofwhfrfh the said Waiter for the time being shall always be one} anA^ the Qjsdfrf5^ ceedfogs of the ffiiA Matter, Wardfifts

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 194. 1113

being, or of such major Part as aforesaid, shall have the same Force and Effect, as if the same were made or done by the said Matter,

Wardens and Society of Apothecaries incorporated as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, Court of Exa-so far as the same regards the Examination of Apothecaries, and Assistants to Apothecaries, Twelve Persons properly qualified, as \^ardeni ice. hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be chosen and appointed by the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants for the time being (who are hereby authorized and empowered to choose and appoint such Person9, and to remove or displace them from time to time, as they the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants for the time being, shall deem advisable), and such Persons, when so chosen and appointed, or any Seven of them, shall be, and be called "The Court of Examiners of the Society of Apothecaries 5" and such Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine all Apothecaries, and Assistants to Apothecaries, throughout England and Wales, and to grant or refuse such Certificate, as herein after is mentioned; and such Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby required to meet and iffemble in some convenient Room in the HaU of the said Society, once at least in every Week, for the Purpose of such Examination, md then and there to examine all Persons applying to be examined, md duly qualified so to be by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That at any such Meetings of the Chairman ap-aid Examiners, a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when pointed.

ind so often as it shall so happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any One Question (including the Vote of the said Chairman), then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and or the said Chairman to give the catting or decisive Vote.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable oath taken*7 f acting as an Examiner, under and by virtue of this Act, until he Examiner' hall have taken and subscribed the following Oath

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear (or, being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm,) That I will faith, fully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Trust reposed in me by the Matter, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, as an Examiner, in the Examination of every Person who shall come before me to be examined, as to his Fitness or Qualification to act as an Apothecary, or Assistant to an Apothecary, as the case may be, and that without Fayour, Affection, Prejudice or Malice. So help me GOD.*

Vhich Oath or Affirmation, the said Matter, Wardens or Court of iffistants, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and re-uired to administer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons so to be chosen Examiners to id appointed Examiners as aforesaid shall continue in Office for the continue in Of-pace of One Year from the time of their Appointment (except in fice one Ye, r* ife of Death, or being removed or displaced by the said Matter,

[Proviso.]

hardens and Assistants as aforesaid): Provided always, that it shall id may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Wardens and Assist-

ants,

1114

Tn case of Death, See. others appoioteJ.

Not to pra&tfe as Apothecaries, &c. without I: a* amlnation.

[Proviso.]

Applicants for Examination to produce Testi-aaonials.

Persons intend* ing to qualify, t give Notice to Clerk of said Mailer, Wardens, fcc.

C. 194.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

ants, to choose and appoint any such Person or Persons going os of Office, again to be an Examiner or Examiners as aforesaid, I they the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants shall deem it advifahk so to do.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons so to be chosen and appointed, shall happen to die during the time he or they shall continue to be an Examiner or Examiners, or be removed or displaced as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Matter, Wardens and A Aidants, to choose aid appoint any other Person or Persons properly qualified, to be an Examiner or Examiners as aforesaid, in the Room of the Person or Persons so dying, or removed, or displaced as aforesaid, and every Person or Persons so chosen and appointed shall continue in Office for such time and no longer, as the Person or Persons in whoseRoomor Stead he or they shall be so chosen and appointed would have continued in Office.

XIV. And, to prevent any Person or Persons from practising at an Apothecary, without being properly qualified to practise as such, be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of duguji One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (except Persons already in Practice as such) to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of England or hValet, unless he or they shall have been examined by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, and have received a Certificate of his or their being duly qualified to practise as such from the fad Court of Examiners or Uie major Part of them as aforesaid, who are hereby authorized and required to examine all Person and Persons applying to them, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Skill and Abilities of such Person or Persons in the Science and Practice of Medicine, and his or their Fitnefe and Qualification to practise as an Apothecary; and the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered either to reject such Person or Persons, or to grant a Certificate of such Examination, and of his or their Qualification to practise as an Apothecary as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person shall be admitted to such Examination until he flail have attained the full Age of Twenty one Years.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be admitted to any such Examination for a Certificate to prac* tife as an Apothecary, unless he shall have served an Apprenticeship of not less than Five Years tQ an Apothecary, and unless he Hull produce Testimonials to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Examiners, of a sufficient Medical Education, and of a good moral Conduct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person intending toqualify himself under the Regulations of this Act to practise a an

Apothecary in any Part of England*or Wales, shall give Notice to the Clerk of the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid, of his Intention so to do, who shall notify toe same to the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries asafprefeM; and the Person so intendinj at the Meeting held by the such Notice, and shall undergo fqdi Examiners as aforesaid, or at A

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 194. 1115

appointed and fixed upon by the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, or by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, for that Purpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (except the Persons then acting as Assistants to any Apothecaries as aforesaid, and excepting Persons who have actually served an Apprenticeship of Five Years to an Apothecary) to act as an Assistant to any Apothecary, in compounding or dispensing Medicines, without undergoing an Examination by the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, or by Five Apothecaries so to be appointed as herein after is mentioned, and obtaining a Certificate of his or their Qualification to act as such Assistant from the said Court of Examiners, or the major Part of them, or from the said Five Apothecaries, who are hereby authorized and empowered to examine all Persons applying to them for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate of such Fitness and Qualification.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master and Wardens for the time being, or to and for the said Court of Examiners, by Writing under their Hands, from time to time to appoint Five Apothecaries in any County or Counties respectively throughout England and Wales, except within the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Thirty Miles of the same, to act for such County or Counties, or any other County or Counties near or adjoining, and to remove or displace them from time to time, as they the said Master and Wardens, or the said Court of Examiners, shall deem advisable; and such Five Apothecaries so to be appointed respectively, as aforesaid, at any Meeting to be held by them as herein after mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine all Assistants to Apothecaries throughout the County or Counties in regard of which such Apothecaries shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, and to grant or refuse such Certificate to every such Assistant to Apothecaries, as hereinbefore is authorized in that behalf; and a Meeting of the said Apothecaries for the Purposes aforesaid shall be held monthly in the County Town of some one of the Counties for which they shall have been appointed to act as aforesaid; and that no Act of such Apothecaries shall be or be deemed to be good or valid, unless the same be done at some such Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or veiled in such Five Apothecaries, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major Part of them, who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden as above directed, the Number of such Apothecaries present at any such Meeting not being less than Three; and all the Orders, Directions and Certificates of the major Part of such Apothecaries present at any such Meeting shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same were made, done or signed by all the said Five Apothecaries for the time being; and at every such Meeting of the said Apothecaries, a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and so often at it shall so happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any one Question (including the Vote of the said Chairman! then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chairman to give the calling or decisive Vote.

Assistant to Apothecaries, St:, examined.

Power for Master and Wardens to appoint Five Apothecaries at Examiners for Assistants.

hi 6

Sums paid for Certificates.

I94.

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Acting without Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Act Hants alinj without Certificate.

Penalty. Apothecaries not to recover Charges, unless duly licensed.

Refusal of Certificate to prac-tife as an Apothecary, See. may apply again.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Ten Pooni Ten Shillings shall be paid to the said Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries, for every such Certificate as aforesaid, on obtaining the same by every Person intending to practise as an Apothecarj within the City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the same City; and the Sum of Six Pounds Six Shillings by every Person intending to practise as an Apothecary in any other Part of England or Wales (except the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the said City); and no Person having obtained a Certificate to practise as an Apothecary in any other Part of England or Wales (except the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the said City as aforesaid), shall be entitled to practise within the said City of London, the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, or within Ten Miles of the said City, unless and until he shall have paid to the said Master, Wardens and Society, the further Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings, in Addition to the said Sum of Six Pounds Six Shillings so paid by him as aforesaid, and shall have had endorsed on his said Certificate, a Receipt from the said Master, Wardens and Society, for such additional Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings; and the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings by every Assistant; and the several Sums of Money arising from the granting of such Certificates shall be applied in manner herein after directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person (except such as are then actually practising as such) shall after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, aft orpraftife as an Apothecary in any Part of England or Wales, without having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person (except such as are then aftingassuch, and excepting Persons who have actually fervedan Apprenticefltij) as aforesaid) shall after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, aft as an Assistant to any Apotbecaty, to compound and dispense Medicines, without having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Apothecary shall be allowed to recover any Charges claimed by him in any Court of Lav, unless such Apothecary shall prove on the Trial, that be was in Practice as an Apothecary prior to or on the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, on that be bttobtained a Certificate to practise as an Apothecary, from the^d Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries M arorebnd/ 1

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enactedi T* '

Court of Examiners, or the 1 -

Person or Persons applying t 4_____#

as an Apothecary, or if they, or the ftid1 jj appointed for any County, or C J

any Peribnuor Persons a tifeaa&Bj

iii7

i A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 194.

may be lawful for such Person or Persons who shall be so refused, to iL-hi apply at any future time to be again examined, so that such Second Application by any Person or Persons applying to qualify himself or themselves as an Apothecary, be not within Six Months of such First vjj Examination; and so that such Second Application by any Person -jy or Persons applying to qualify himself or themselves as an Assistant, aJ| be not within Three Months of such First Examination; and if on such Re-examination he or they shall appear to the Persons examin-Cg ing> to be then properly qualified, it shall and may be lawful for the ^s, said Court of Examiners, or to and for the said Five Apothecaries in -./J any County or Counties as aforesaid, to grant such Person or Persons so applying such Certificate as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mailer, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries do make annually, and cause to be printed, an exact Lift of all and every Person who shall 58 in that Year have obtained a Certificate to pra&ifeas an Apothecary, 3 with their respective Residences attached to their respective Names.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum or Sums f? of Money which shall be received or arise from the granting of the J* Certificates of Examination hereinbefore required, shall belong to and Y be appropriated and disposed of by the said Master, Wardens and J Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid, in such manner as they shall 8 from time to time direct and deem most expedient.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money I arising from Conviction and Recovery of Penalties for Offences comil mitted against the Authorities and Provisions of this Act, shall be i applied and disposed of in manner following; viz, One Half thereof^to the Informer or Informers, and One Half thereof to the said

i Master, Wardens and Society of Apothecaries as aforesaid, to be

i appropriated and disposed of by them in such manner as they shall ( deem most expedient.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For-I feitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall, if such Penalties and Forfeitures shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, be recovered by Action or Suit at Law, in the Name of the Master, Wardens and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in England or Wales, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall amount to less than the Sum of Five Pounds, then the same shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting for any County, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Distress 5 and in

r case

I/ift of Apothecaries approved by Court of Examiners printed.

Application of Monies arising from Certificates.

Application of Monies arising from Penalties.

Recovery of Fines and Penalties.

1118

Ci ip4*

55 GEO. III.

A.D. 1815.

Imprisonment.

Dirt refs not unlawful for want fforra.

Act not to af--fest Chemists and Druj^ifU.

General Saving.

case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Forfeitures an! Penalties shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for fad Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to tht Common Gaol for the County, City, Town or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unlefa such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Costs, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Diflrefi shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form, in the Notice or Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant or Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraming; but the Person or Perilous aggrieved By such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, or in any way to affect the Trade or Business of a Chemist and Druggist, in the buying, preparing, compounding, dispensing and vending Drug6, Medicines and Medicinable Compounds, wholesale and retail; but all Persons using or exercising the said Trade or Business, or who shall or may hereafter ufeor exercise the same, shall and may use, exercise and carry on the same Trade or Business in such manner, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes, as the same Trade or Business was used, exercised or carried on by Chemists and Druggists before the passing of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That do. thing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen, prejudice or defeat, or in any wise to interfere with any of the Rights, Authorities, Privileges and Immunities heretofore yelled in and exercised and enjoyed by either of the Two Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, the Royal College of Physicians, the Royil College of Surgeons, or the said Society of Apothecaries irijped* ively, other than and except such as shall or may have bees wered, varied or amended in and by this Act, or of any Person or Woos practising as an Apothecary previously to the Krft Day of One thousand eight hundred and fifteen hut the find

Royal Colleges and the said Society, and nil shall have, use, exercise and enjoy alTfach Privileges and Immunities, save and ample and beneficial a' 4, 1

might have done

limitation of

1 up

I A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. 194, 195.

-US Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation rtoit* of Damages, then after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards; n-icrar1 antl every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the fcii County where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his, her or their Election, plead specially the General Tj-fc Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty one Days* Notice shall have been given, or sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case '^the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such ' Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict^shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, P then the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant I hath for recovering Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law. f|

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed i and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially f pleaded.

CAP. CXCV.

An Act for exonerating the Estates and Effects of the late Sir James Colebrooke, the late Sir George Colebrooke, Arnold j Nejbitt, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Adam Drummond and Moses

Franks, and of their Sureties, from all Claims and Demands

whatsoever, in respect of any Contrafts entered into with

1 His Majesty's Government.

[12th July 1815.]

[Public Act.]

HIS MAJESTY acquitted of all Claims of the Contractors inrespect of 2, 663k 17s. iod. 1. On Payment of 50, 000k intothe Exchequer, Estates of the Contractors exonerated. 2. In " case any of the Parties shall not pay his Proportion, and any other shall pay it, such Person to use The Crown Process with the " Assent of the Attorney General for the Recovery. 3. In case 4t any Purchasers of Sir George Colebrooieys Estate mall not payhis Proportion of the 5, 710k, Remedy given to any who mailpay against the Defaulter. 4. Power given to any Person < not named in the Act to infill his Estate is not liable. $ 5. 6.

[General Issue.]

Where bid.

Notice.

[Double Costs.]

[Public Act.]

---

1220 C. 196. 55 GEO. III. A.D. 1815.

CAP. CXCVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Six Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[12th July 1815.]

"TREASURY to cause Exchequer Bills for 6,000,000 to be made out in the manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. 1, 2. Exchequer Bills chargeable on the First Supplies. 3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding 3 per Cent, per Diem, 4. Exchequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after April 5, 1816. 5. Bank of England may advance 6,000,000 on Credit of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.  6."

A.D. 1815. 55 GEO. III. C. i, ii, iii. 1121

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

<moved to separate file>

