THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

53 GEORGE III. 1813.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers }

And fold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law BookfeUerj, in Fleet-Street.

1813.

[Price il, 4s. 6d. in Boards]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Paffed in the FIRST Seflion of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland t

53 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

j. A N Ad to continue, until the First Day of QQober One thou* JLX. land eight hundred and thirteen, an A6t of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for allowing the Ufe of Sugar in Brewing Beer in Great Britain *	Pare	I

2.	An Ad to continue, until the First Day of OSober One thouiand

eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Ad of the last Seflion of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.	2

3.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the last Seflion of Parliament, for prohibiting the Intercourfe between the Iflands of Jamaica and Saint Domingo.	3

4.	An Ad for granting a Sum of Money for purchaflng an Eftate

for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confideration of the eminent and iignal Services performed by the laid Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and	the Public.	4

5.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One * thou land eight hundred and fourteen, an Ad of the last Seflion of Parliament* for making more effectual Provifion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of The Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value or such Coin ; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; ana for flaying Proceedings upon any Diftrefs by Tender of such Notes.	17

6.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England ; and to enlarge the Powers of the fame in certain cases.	Page 18

y. An Aft to continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the DiftiUation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to fufpendthe Importation of Britifb or Irifb made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively ; and to continue the Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland.	22

g, An A& for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on the lm-portation into and Exportation from Great Britain of Spanish Red Wine, and for granting others in lieu thereof. *	24

9. An Aft to alter and amend an Aft of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Malt. 26 xo. An Aft for charging an additional Duty on Rice imported into Great Britain,	28

11.	An Aft for allowing an additional Drawback on Chocolate

exported.	30

12.	An Aft for indemnifying such Persons as have advised or afted

under an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the West Indies, and for permitting such Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	Ibid,

13.	An Aft for authorizing the Afliftant Secretary to the Poft-

master General to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty on Poftage.	ax

14.	An Aft to explain so much of Two Afts, for regulating His

Majefty’s Houfehold and for other Purposes, as relates to the Powers of the Commidioners for the Care and Management of His Majefty^ Real and Perfonal	Eftate.	Ibid,

15.	An Aft for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight	hundred	and thirteen.	32

x6. An A ft for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thou* land Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	32

17.	An Aft for punishing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	53

18..	An Aft for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals used in Fire or Steam Engines for railing Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.	115

19. An Aft to amend an Aft of the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver or , other Metal usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and	Ireland respectively.	Ibid,

?o. An Aft to allow a limited Proportion of the Corps of Miners to inlift into the Regular Forces. .	117

Si.	An Aft for authorizing the Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Ex-cife to make an Allowance for the necessary Subfiftence of poor Persons confined for Debts or Penalties sued for under their Orders.	Ibid,

13	22.	An

(Public General) 53® GEO. Ill*

*2. An Aft for empowering the Commissioners of Excife to fell Salt seized Duty free, eitner for Exportation or for curing Filh, and to reward the seizing Officer.	Page 118

23.	An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft of this Session as continues

the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food.	120

24.	An Aft to facilitate the Adminiftration of Juftice.	Ibid.

25.	An Aft for the regulating of His Majefly’s Royal Marine Forces

while on Shore.	124

26.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen.	153

27.	An Aft for railing the Sum of* One million five hundred thou-fand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. 154

28.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft palled in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.	Ibid.

2$. An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, palled in the last Session of Parliament, intituled jin A3 for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.	158

30.	An Aft to allow a Bounty on the Exportation of the Manu-

faftures of Refufe or Wafte Silk.	16$

31.	An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain f and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty mall be suspended.	Ibid.

32.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from IrelandL	169

33.	An Aft for granting certain additional Duties of Cuftoms imported into, and exported from Great Britain.	Ibid\

34.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Tobacco and Snuff, and on French Wines. 175

35.	An Aft to alter and amend several Afts passed in His prefent

Majefty’s Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt$ ana for making further Provifions in respect thereof.	181

36.	An Aft to amend an Aft, palled in the Forty third Year of His

present Majesty, for regulating the Veflels carrying PalTengers to His Majefty’s Plantations and	Settlements Abroad.	186

37.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty eighth Year of His pre-

fent Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Wejl Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty.	187

38.	An Aft for regulating the Exportation of Corn and other Ar-

ticles to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur, and the Coaft of Labrador•	189

39.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Traufportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement iu England and Scotland.	190

A 3	40. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

40.	An Ad to repeal so much of several A 6b, parted in England and

Scotland respectively, as empowers Jullices of the Peace to rate Wages, or fet Prices of Work, for Artificers, Labourers or Craftf-men.	Page	191

41.	An Ad for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer

Bills, and for rajfing a Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain.	Ibid.

42.	An Ad to enable the Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	202

43.	An Ad for increasing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers.	Ibid.

44.	An Ad for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Wines

confumed by Officers of the Royal Marines serving on board His Majefty’s Ships.	205

45.	An Ad for repealing Two Ads which prohibit the Exportation

of Brafs and other	Metal from	England.	206

46.	An Ad for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade of Ireland.	Ibid.

47.	An Ad to empower the Officers of His Majefty’s Cufloms to

take Bonds from Persons under Twenty one Years of Age, serving as Mates on board of Merchant	Veflels.	208

48.	An Ad to amend the Laws for railing and training the Militia

of Ireland.	Ibid.

49.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad, parted in the Seventh

and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William, as far as relates to the splitting and dividing the Intereft in Houfes and Lands among several Persons to enable them to vote at Eledions of Members to serve in Parliament.	211

50.	An Ad for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of

certain Articles at the Ifland of Bermuda.	212

51.	An Ad to relieve the Widows of Military Officers from the

Payment of Stamp Duties on the Receipt of their Penfions in Ire* land.	Ibid.

52.	An Ad to encourage the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar

in Ireland, and to permit the Warehoufing of such Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon.	213

53.	An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain ; and for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills'; and for amending an Ad of this Sellion of Parliament for granting Annuities to latisfy certain Exchequer Bills 5 and for raising a Sum of Money by Debentures. 217

54.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His

Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.	229

55.	An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend several Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Irelands and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks

5	on

(Public General) $3® GEO. IH.

on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from	Ireland.	Page	229

56,	An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excife in /re-

land on Malt.	239

57.	An Aft to grant to Hia Majesty certain Duties of Excife in Ire-

land on Tobacco.	243

5!. An Aft to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poft from or to Dublin, to or from the several Poft Towns in Ireland\ and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties on Letters and Packets fcnt by the Poft in Ireland.	247

59.	An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes

in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles.	250

60.	An Aft for the better Colleftion of the Duties on Hides and

Skins tanned or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds on His Majefty's Revenue therein.	258

61.	An Aft for raising the Sum of Two Millions by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.	272

62.	An Aft to permit the Entry for Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufafture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadu-loupe, Saint Euflatia% Saint Martin and Saba/ at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the Briti/b Plantations.

. Ibid

63.	An Aft to extend Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth

Years of His present Majesty to American Prizes.	274

64.	An Aft for the better Regulation of the Court of Seflion in Scot-

land.	27c

65.	An Aft for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft made in tho Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 279*

$6. An Aft for explaining and clearing up certain Doubts respecting the Scites of Parifh Churches within Ireland\	280

67.	An Aft for empowering His Majesty to authorize the Importation

and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the Wejl Indies, South America and Newfoundland, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament.	Ibid•

68.	An A ft to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in

respect of Carriages with more than Two Wheels, carrying the Mail in Scotland; and for granting a Rate for Postage, as an In* demnity for the Lofs which may arise to the Revenue of the Poft Office from the Payment of such Tolh)	281

69.	An Aft for raising the Sum of Twenty seven Millions by way

of Annuities.	......	_	2H

70.	An Aft to authorize the Sellers of Glass, Hides, Tobacco

and Snuff, to charge the additional Duties on any such Articles ordered before but not delivered until after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.	283

7 r. An Aft for amending 3nd rendering more effeftnal the Laws for the Trials of Controverted Eleftions and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.	286

A 4	72.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

72,	An Aft for the more effectual Adminiftration of the Office

of a Juftice of the Peace within the Townlhips of Manchefier and Salford, in the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide, by Means of a Rate on the said Townlhips and otherwise, a competent Salary to a Juftice of the Peace a&ng within the said Townfhips 5 and to enable the Con-(tables of Manchefier and Salford to take Recognizances in certain cases.	Page 202

73.	An Aft to declare that the Duties of Excife and Drawbacks,

granted and made payable in Ireland on Tobacco by an Aft of this Seflion, are payable according to the Amount thereof in Britifb Currency.	29c

74..	An Aft to provide for the better Colleftkm of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland.	296

75.	An Ad for the better Regulation of the Cotton Trade in Ireland	3 co

76.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, passed in the Forty

ninth Year of His present Majesty for amending the Irijh Road Afts, so far as the fame relate to the Appointment of Supervifors on Mail Coach Roads, to all Roads made and repaired by Prefent-ment.	311

77.	An Aft to amend an Aft, palled in Ireland in the Nineteenth

and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for palling the lame, in certain cases.	Ibid.

78.	An Aft to continue for Two Years, and from thence until

the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, Two Afts made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.	315

79.	An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. Ibid.

80.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Three hundred and thirty thou-

iand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoulandeight hundred and thirteen.	322

81.	An Aft to amend several Afts relating to the Militia, and to enlisting of the Militia into His Majefty’s Regular Forces. 323

82.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of His

present Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to explain the Exemption from Toll in several Adi of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Hu/bandry ; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfes, in certain other cases thereinfpecifed; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	325

83.	An Aft to increase the Allowance to Innkeepers for Diet fur-

nifhed to Soldiers on a March.	327

84.	An Aft for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of

Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, *nd its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.	328

85.	An A ft for amending Two Afta passed in the Thirty first and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for eftabliftiing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more fcafily and readily to remit

{Public General) 530 GEO. Ill*

imt the feme for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for prevent ing Frauds and Abufes attending such payments. Pare 351 $6. An Aft to explain an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for directing Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, to be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Penfions and Allowances.	33a

87. An Aft to continue for Seven Years Two Afts passed iu the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign ot His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds by Boatmen and others ; and ad-

i~ufttng Salvage ; and for extending and amending the Laws re-ating to Wreck and Salvage.	333

83 An Aft to substitute a Decoration in lieu of an Oath in the Verification of the Books of Persons dealing in certain Excifeable Articles.	336

89.	An Aft for the more regular Conveyance of Writs for the Eleftion of Members to serve in Parliament.	340

90.	An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Aft of the fame Seffion	of Parliament.	343

91.	An Aft for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while disembodied. 344 9a. An Aft for the Removal of Doubts respecting the Powers of Archbifhops and Biihops in Ireland, as to demifing the Menfal Lands, not being Demefne Lands, to their respective Sees belonging.	‘	3^8

93. An Aft for granting to Hi6 Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.	350

94. An Aft to grant an additional Duty of Excife on Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland. '	Ibid.

93. An Aft to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	353

96.	An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Biitain, for the Year Oue thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	333

97.	An Aft for allowing Glafs Makers to dispose of Muriate of Pot-a(h arising in the Manufafture of Flux for Glass, for Ufe in the ' Manufafture of Alum, and for charging a Duty of Excife thereon.

362

98.	An Aft for the more correct Afcertainment of the Value of Duty-free Goods exported.	370

99.	An Aft for the more speedy and effectual Trial and Puniftiment of Offences committed by Soldiers detached in places beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions.	372

too. An Aft for facilitating the making up and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces for the Years One thousand eight hundred and five, One thousand eight hundred and fix and One thousand eight hundred and seven, and for enabling the said Paymafter General to accept Foreign Bills of Exchange payable at the Bank of England.	373

101.	An

t

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

101.	An Ad to dissolve the Corporation of the Royal Canal Com-

pany in Ireland, and to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into and examining the Claims of the. Creditors of the said Company, and other Matters relating to the said Company; and to provide for carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmem-bury on the River Shannon.	Page 375

102.	An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Ibid\

103.	An Ad to authorize the Commissioners to transfer Excife Licences to the Executors or Adminiftrators of deceased Licenfed Traders, or to their Succeffors, in the Houfes from which such Licenfed Traders shall have removed.	402

104- An Ad to permit the Entry into Ireland, for Home Consumption, of Sugar, the Produce or Manufadure of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe^ Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations.	404

105. An Ad to explain and amend an Ad of the present Seilion, for granting additional Duties of Cuftoms on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain ; for allowing a Drawback on Carrot Tobacco exported 5 for altering the Duties on Pearls imported ; for repealing the additional Duty on Barilla granted by the said Ad; for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duties of Cuftoms on Timber used in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines of Devon and Cornwall; for ascertaining the time when the Bounty on Goods exported may be claimed ; for better preventing the Clandeftine Exportation of Goods ; and for appropriating the Duties on Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other Places, granted by an Ad of this Seflion.	406

I06 An Ad to extend the Proviiions of an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for preventing the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens which have been or may be ifiued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,	411

107. An Ad for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several endowed Schools of Public and Private Foundation in Ireland.	413

10S. An Ad for altering, explaining and amending an Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, with regard to the Duties on re-ifltiable PromifTory Notes, and on Conveyances on the Sale and Mortgage of Property; for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to give Relief in cases of spoiled Stamps ; and to remit Penalties for exempting certain Inftruments from Stamp Duty ; and for better securing the Duties on Stage Coaches.	426

109.	An Ad to continue, until the First Day of Augufl One thou-

fand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain,	436

110.	An Ad to suspend the Exportation of Foreign Spirits from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, under Licence from the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms; and to permit the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Irijh Spirits in lieu thereof, under Licence from the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, from certain Ports ot that Part of the Kingdom to the said Isle, until the Fifth Day of July Onethoufand eight hundred and fourteen. 437

111.	An

(Public General) 530 GEO. III.

x\

Til. An Aft for the more easy manning of Ships and Vefiels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery.	Page	438

112.	An Aft to enlarge the Time for commencing Profecutions

for Forfeitures uuder certain Afts relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	439

113.	An Aft for providing Relief for the Poor Prifoners confined in

the King*s Bench, Fleet and Marjbalfca>	Prifons.	Ibid.

114.	An Aft to continue and amend an Aft of the present Session, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively. 446

115.	An Aft to insure the proper and careful manufacturing of Fire Arms in England; and for making Provifion for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms.	448

116.	An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts, of the Thirty firfl

Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Price and Affize of Bread to be fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.	456

117.	An Aft to prevent Damage to certain Bridges in Scotland from

the floating of Timber.	480

118.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Five millions six hundred and

seventy thousand and seven hundred Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	482

119.	An Aft for raising the Sum of One Miilion, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	Ibid.

220. An Aft to enable the Lords of the Treasury of Ireland to issue to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Sum equal to One per Centum on the Amount of Treasury Bills outstanding in every Year.	483

121.	An Aft for making a more convenient Communication from

Mary !e Bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Westminster ; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame.	484

122.	An Aft for confirming the Renunciation made by Spencer Perceval Efquire of his renfions on his taking the Office of a

Teller of the Exchequer.	526

123.	An Aft to amend and render more effectual several Afts pailed

for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.	527

124.	An Aft for allowing the Ufe of Salt, Duty-free, for curing

Conger, Polock, Bream,	Ray and Scate.	558

225.	An Aft to allow a Bounty upon the Exportation of Staffs

of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe 5 and upon the Exportation of Ribbons m^de of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton.	Ibid.

226.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft of the Ninth and

Tenth Year of King William the Third, for preventing the Embezzlement of Store3 of War, to all Public Stores.	559

127.	An Aft for the better Regulation of Ecclvfiaftical Courts in England; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates

and Tithes.

560 128. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

128.	An Ad to relieve from the Operation of the Statute of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popijh Recufants, all such of His Majefty’s Popifti or Roman Catholic Subjsds of Ireland as, by virtue of the Ad of Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

. intituled An AS for the Relief of His Majefty's Popijh or Roman Catholic SubjeSs of Ireland, hold, exercise or enjoy any Civil or Military Offices or Places of Truft or Profit, or any other Office whatsoever, of which His Majefty’s said Subje&s are by the (aid Ad of Parliament of Ireland rendered capable. Page $66

129.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the further Prevention of the Sale and

' Brokerage of Offices, so far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clem in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.	568

130.	An Ad to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or in case Parliament shall not have anembled before the said First Day of Januaryr, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament, certain Ads for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Penquifites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abufes which may exist in the fame, and into the mode of receiving, colkding,

. issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.	Ibid.

231. An Ad to make further Regulations for the Building aud Repairing of Court Houfes and Seffions Houfes in Ireland.	570

32.	An Ad to extend the Services of the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to all Parts of the United Kingdom*	574

133.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the present Session of Parliament,

for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Eftate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and fiznal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public.	575

134.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Forty sixth Year of His

present Majesty, for settling and securing a certain Annuity, and tor purchasing an Eftate for the Earl Nelf on.	577

135.	An Ad to continue until the First Day of Augujl One

thousand eight hundred and fisteen, Two Ads of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and WJtminJler by Inland Navigation.	580

136.	An Ad for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money

out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.	581

137.	An Ad to amend the several Ads for regulating Licences

for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, bv Retail, in Ireland.	593

138.	An Ad for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 597

439. An Ad for exempting Bankers, and others from certain

Penalties contained in an Ad of the last Session of Parliament, for the further Prevention of the Counterfeiting of Silver Tokens iiTued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

called

(Public General) 53* GEO. HI.

called Doliars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the Governor and Company, called Tokens ; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.	Pare 624

140.	An Ad to amend an Ad palled in the last Session of Par-

liament, intituled An A8 for the more ejfeQnal Regulation of Pilots f and of the Pilotage of Ships and Veffiels on the Coafi of England, and for the Regulation of Boatmen employed in supplying Veffels with Pilots licensed under the said Ad, so far as relates to the Coaft of Kent, within the Limits of The Cinque Ports.	626

141.	An Ad to repeal an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An A9 for registering the Grants of Life Annuities $ and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants, and to substitute other Provifions in lieu thereof. 631

142.	An Ad to explain and amend several Ads relative to the Land

143.	An Ad to direct the Application of the Sum of

thousand Pounds, and of such further Sums as may be granted for the Benefit of the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal in Ireland.	639

144.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Parliament of Ireland of the

Fortieth Year of His present Majessy, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland.	644

143. An Ad to amend the several Ads for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	643

146.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majessy, intituled An A8 to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Poft Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majefly9s Pojl Office more secure and expeditious.

147.	An Ad for the better securing the Excife Duties on Spilrks in Great Britain, and for rectifying a Miftake in an Ad of the lafl Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Worts

148.	An Ad to provide for the more effectually preventing

illicit Diflillation of Spirits in	Ireland.	637

149.	An Ad for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary

Curates.	662

130.	An Ad for the more speedy and effectual Examination and

Audit of the Accounts ot Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal9 for removing Delays in palling the Public Accounts, and for making new Arrangements for conducting the Bufinefs of the Audit Office.	672

131.	Ain Ad for regulating the Office of Regiflrar of the High Court of Admiralty and High Court of Appeals for Prizes. 674

152. An Ad to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Ad made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majessy, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Huftings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Weftmmjler.	<&77

133. An Ad to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annoities to the Judges of the Courts in Wtflminfier Hally on their Refigua-

Tax.

or Wafh made from Sugar.

tion of their Offices.

2

15+-

>

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

*154# An Ad to render valid and to authorise the Payment and granting of certain Penfions at Kilmainham Hofpital 5 and to empower the Commiilioners of the laid Hofpital to commute Penfions for a Sum of Money in certain cases.	Page	679

155. An Ad for continuing in the Eafi India Company for a further Term the Pofleffion of the British Territories in India9 together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the (aid Territories and the better Adminidration of Judice within the fame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the laid Company’s Charter.	681

156 An Ad to provide for the Payment of the Charge of the Annuities created in respect of the Sum of Six Millions granted for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight huodred and thirteen.	735

157. An Ad for granting the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds to John Palmer Efguire, in conlideration of the Public Service! performed by the laid John Palmer, in the Improvement of the Poll Office Revenue.	736

jy8. An Ad for veding in His Majedy certain Parts of Windfor For eft 9 in the County of Berks, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Fored.	Ibid,

159.	An Ad to limit the Refponfibility of Ship Owners in certain

cases.	792

160.	An Ad to relieve Persons who impugn the Dodrine of the

Holy Trinity from certain Penalties.	797

l6u An Ad for enabling His Majedy to raise the Sum of Five Millions, for the Service of Great Britain ; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.	Ibid,

162, An Ad to repeal a certain Provifion respecting Persons con-vided of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, contained in an Ad made in the Fifty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majedy, for the Eredion of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Persons convicted within the City of London and County of Middlefesc, and for	making other Provifions in lieu

thereof.	798

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i.	AN Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad of His XJL present Majedy, for repairing the Road from the Guide Pod near Sudden Bridge, in the Pariih of Rochdale, to Bury, and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lasuajler.

Pagt 799

ii.	An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent

Majedy, for repairing Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

iii.	An

Xf

(Local £5* Perfottal) 53* GEO. III.

ikL An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ada of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate in the rarifti of Dunsford, to Cberrybrooi in the Foreft of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon. Page 800 I* An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majessy, for repairing the Road from Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, to Rockingham, in the said County.

Ibid.

W. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Maifmore, in the County of Gloucester.	Ibid•

wi. An Ad for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Road, in the Parifli of IVolvey, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

vii.	An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His prefent

Mrefty, for repairing teveral Roads in the County of Glamorgan, io far as they relate to the Roads comprized in the Llantrijffent Diftrid.	Ibid.

viii.	An Ad for altering and enlarging the Provifions of an Ad

of His present Majesty, for improving the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr.	Ibid.

%. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of Hi| present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to North Wal/ham, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

g. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to S waff ham, and from Honingbam to Yaxham, in the County of Norfolk, and also a Lane called Hangman'/ Lane, near # the Gates of the said City.	Ibid.

pi. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge, in the said County of Nottingham.	801

gii. An Ad for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

gift. An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad made in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark to the	Town	of Hamilton, in the County of

' Lanark.	Ibid.

gir. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Grid, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

XT. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pari(h of Fawley, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

gvi. An Ad for inctofing Lands in the Parifh of Wit ham on the Hill, with Mantborpe, Toft and Lowed, in the County of Lincoln.

Hid.

gvii. An Ad for incloftng Lands in the Parifli of AJkham Richard, in the County of the City	of	York	Ibid.

gfiii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Haburgh, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

xix.	An

A

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xix.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, to

unite the Rivers Wey and Arun, in the Counties of Surry and Sujfex.	Page 802

xx.	An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent

Majesty, for supplying with Water the Towns of Manehefer and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.	Ibid'.

xxi.	An Ad for altering and amending Two Ads of the Seven-

teenth and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Mary IJlingtonf in the Connty of M'tddlesex; and for buildings * Workhoufe for the said Pariih.	Ibid.

xxii.	An Ad for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle,

to Heatbjield, and from Robertjbridge, to Hoods Comer, all in the County of Sussex.	Hid.

xxiii.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Market Harborough to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Tumpike Road, in the County of Leicester.	Ibid•

xxiv.	An Ad for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Parifnes of Toxford* Saxmundham and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County. Ibid.

xxv.	An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent

Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the (Jounty of Yorky through Barnard Caflle and Bijhop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Ad for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad, of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Taviftoek to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.	'	803

xxvii.	An Ad for continuing and amending Five Ads passed for

repairing several Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford aod Ware, and other Places, in the County of Hertford'.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Dean and

Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, of certain Eftates in the County of Hereford\	Ibid.

xxix.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of

Buglawton, in the County of Chefer.	Ibid.

xxx.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Rollejby, in the

County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xxxi.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of Melkjbam%

in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xxxii.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the last Session of Parliament for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Jundion Canal, in the Parifh of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parifh of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Pariih of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of .  Middlesex.

Ibid.

xxxiii.	An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money for the Im-

provement of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith- cea-neded.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An

{Local & Perfonal) 53* GEO. HI.	gfti

xxxiv.	An Ad for explaining and amending an Ad of His present Majesty, for conftruding a Harbour at Porthleven in Mount9!

Bay, in the County of Cornwall.	Page 803

xxxv.	An Ad for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool, in the

County of Durham.	I04

xxxvi.	An Ad to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money, for enabling them more effectually to carry on their Works. Ibid.

xxxvii.	An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent

Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Pariih of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and other Purpofes ; and for better, collecting the Poor Rates in the (aid Hamlet,	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Ad for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting,

watching and regulating certain Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane, in the Parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex ; and also the several Squares, Streets, Lanes and other public Paffages and Places within the said Pariih ; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the above Purposes, and to the Poor of the said Pari flu	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Ad for amending an Ad passed in the Forty first Year

of His present Majesty, respecting the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.	Ibid.

xl. An Ad for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in.

Repair, the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elfdon Turnpike Road, at or near Eli/haw, in the County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

xli. An Ad for more effectually repairing the Road from the Horfefhoe Corner, in Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, to the South East End of Castle Street, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

xlii. An Ad tor enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leach lade, in the County of Gloucester ; and also the Road from thence through Highworth to the Cricklade and Swindon Turnpike Road, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xliii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Pariih of Weft-erham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.	805

xliv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow, in the County ot Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of ■ Oxford.	Ibid.

xlv. An Ad for (hutting up a Road and Footpath, leading from Cqftleford to Ferrybridge, in the County of York.	Ibid.

xlvi. An Ad to continue the Term and alter the Powers of several Ads of the Thirty fourth. Thirty seventh and Forty fifth Years of His Maiefty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth.	Ibid.

53 Gso« III.	a	xlvii.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xffni

Klvii. Ad Ad for continuing aid amending Two Ads of Hit r-' 11 r	1	-* the Road from Lewes

*h	w	owers	of	Four	levend

Ads, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of Hie late Majesty King George the Second, and m the First, Eighteenth and Thirty feveoth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of Tork, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield, and for diverting a Part of the said Road.	Ibid.

xlix. An Ad for enabling the Prebendary of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of the Prebendal Lands of Kentijh Town, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

1.	An Ad for veftiog Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chfierfield, in Trustees, in Truft to be fold ; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	806

ii. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates of the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, at Elveden otherwise Eldon, and Bar dwell, in the County of Suffolk, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Augufius ViTcount Kepbel, in Trustees, upon Truft to fell the fame; and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of Eftates contiguous to the Family Eftates of the said Earl in the County of Norfolk, to be fettled to the subsisting Ufes of the laid Will of the fiud Augufius Viscount Keppel,	Ibid.

lii. An Ad for vefling certain Eftates belonging to the See of Tork, in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold.	Ibid.

liii. An Ad for veiling certain detached Settled Eftates of Sir John Chandos Reade Baronet, in Trustees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchaGng other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

liv. An Ad for indoiing Lands in the Parilh of Stonleigb, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

lv. A11 Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of AJhley, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid.

Ivi. An Ad for inclosing Lands in Ecchinswell, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

fvii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stow Bedon, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

iviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Sussex.	Ibid

lix. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Hardingbam, in the County of Norfolk.	807

lx. An Ad for mdofiog Lands in Wraxed!, Nailfea and Bowrton, in the County of Somerset.	Ibid.

|xi. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Skelton in Cleveland, in the County of Tork.	Ibid.

Ixii. An Ad for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets and other Public Pafiages and Places which ate or shall be made

upor

six

(Local & Perfonal) 530 GEQ. QL

upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majesty, in the several Pariihes of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Ponerasy in the County of Middlesex, called Mary le bone Park. Page 807 lxiii. An Ad for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several Aits for making and repairing certain Roads leading into the City of Glafgot0, so far as they relate to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads fromToker Bridge to the Town of Dumbarton. Ibid. lxiv. An A& to continue the Term, and to continue, enlarge and amend the Powers of Two Ads of His present M«yefty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Ludlowfacb to the Town of Llandovery ; and from thence to the River Ammant in the County of Carmarthen% and several other Roads in the fame County, communicating therewith ; and for making several new Branches of Road to communicate with the said Roads.	Ibid.

ixv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Carriage Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parifti of Cullomptont to Ha%el Stone in the Parifti of Broad Clift, in the County of Devon.	Ibid.

lxvi. An Ad for exchanging Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Motra% situate in England, for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun% his Wife, situate in Scotland.	Ibid.

lxvii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in Long A/btony in the County of Somerset.	808

Ixviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Rampijham in the Parifhe8 of Rampijham and IVeJl Cbelborougby in the County of Dorset.	Ibid.

lxix. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Flinty in the County of Flint.	Ibid.

lxx. An Ad for reviving, amending and making perpetual, an Ad pafied in the Parliament of Irelandy in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Corky and the Liberties thereof; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

lxxi. An Ad for regulating Covent Garden Market.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty for widening and improving Upper Eafl Smitbjieldy in the Parifti of Saint Botolpb without Aldgate, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

Ixxiii. An Ad for altering and amending Three Ads of the Sixth Year of Queen Anney the Thirty second Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Workhoufe in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Dcvony and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.	Ibid.

Ixxiv. An Ad for enabling William Ogilvie Esquire, to purchase Lands for opening sufficient Roads to and Communications with the Harbour of Ardglafsy in the County of Down.	Ibid.

lxxv. An Ad for amending an Ad of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parifhes of Old and New Monklandy to the City of GUfgow.	899

a 2	lxxvi.	An

XI

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lxxvi, An Ad for altering and amending an Ad made in th Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for confirming Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to tl Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City < Edinburgh, and for establishing a Fund for a Provifion to tl Widows and Children of the Members of the (laid Corporation ar their Clerk.	Pare	8c

lxxvii. An Ad for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol, and oth Buildings, for the County and City of Edinburgh.	Ibt

lxxviii. An Ad for making an equal County Rate for the Coun of Oxford.	IH

lxxix. An Ad for amending, enlarging and extending the Pow< of Two several Ads pafTed in the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Ye? of His present Majesty, relating to the Execution of the Coi million of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mould in Surry, to Ravenjborne in	Kent.	8

Ixxx. An Ad for uniting the Interefts and Concerns of the P prietors of the Chester Canal and Ell/fmere Canal; and amending the several Ads of His present Majeftyy relating to i said Canals.	II

lxxxi. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of King Geo the Second, and an Ad of His present Majesty, for Drain Lands in Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge. / hexxii. An Ad for more eftedually paving, lighting, watching ;

improving the Town of Margate% in the County of Kent. / lxxxiii. An Ad for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching otherwise improving the Streets and other public Paffages Places in Kidderminjler, in the County of Woreejler.	1

Ixxxiv. An Ad for paving, lighting, watching and improving Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, in the County of Middlej and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of laid Hamlet.

Ixxxv. Au Ad for providing additional Burying Ground for Parifti of Saint Mary Abbotts Kenfingtonf in the Count'* .  Middlesex.	a

Ixxxvi. An Ad for building a Chapel of Eafe for the Parifl Clapham, in the County of Surry. txxxvn. An Ad to amend an Ad, palled in the Fifty first Ye His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River Tbi from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the Pari I Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry. lxxxvni. An Ad to continue Three Ads made in the Fifteenth Thirty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georg Second, and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His m Majesty, laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scott9 or One sixth P; a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, \ shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold withi Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereof, lxxxix. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Peterborot Thoruey, in the Ijle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge. xc. An Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three A6U o present Majesty for repairing the Highways from that P; Counter’s Bridge which lies in the rarifti of Kensington, i

XXI

{Local to* Perfotial) 53* GEO. III.

County of Middksex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnlrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as the fame relate to the New Di/lrid of Road therein described.	Page	820

xci. An A& to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cornhill Bum to Mtlfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and other Roads in the said Ad mentioned, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

xcii. An Ad for amending the Roads and Highways ia the Isle of Wight.	Ibid.

xciii. An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road fromHitchin to Bedford\ and the Roads branching therefrom, through Henlow to Gerford Bridge and to Arlefey, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford-

Hid.

xciy. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and other Roads therein mentioned, m the County of Cambridge; and for empowering the Truftces to ered a Weighing Engine near to the said Road.	Ibid.

xcv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, tor repairing the Road from Downham Market to the Queen9! Head, and from the Checquer Inn in Downham Market to the Two Mile Clofe9 in the Parifn of Barton, in the County of Norfolk.	821

xcvi. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Steeple AJhton, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xcvii. An Ad for vetting Part of the Estates, fettled by the Will of Thomas Riddell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for applying the Money by such Sale arising, in the Difcharge of Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for mvefting the Reudue of such Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates in the County of Northumberland, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

xcviii. An Ad for enabling the Principal and Scholars of Braxen Nofe Coliege, Oxford, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gcnnings Court Rent9 to Sir John Gregory Shaw, Baronet, and to apply the Money thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

xcix. An Ad for vetting the Settled Eftates of Robert Holden Esquire, situate in the County of York, and Narmanton, in the County of Nottingham, in Truft to be fold, and for laying out the Purchafe Money in other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

Ibid.

c. An Ad for vesting certain Eftates in the County of Wefimorland in James Adam Esquire, discharged of the Ufes of the Will of the Reverend James Barker, deceased; and for settling other Eftates

in lieu thereof; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

ci. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Mano of Thurgoland, in the County of York.	Ibid.

cii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pari (h	Uphill,	in the

County of Somerset.	Ibid.

a 3	ciii.	Am

xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

ciii. An A61 for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Buckden% in the County of Huntington,	Page 821

civ. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townftiip of Wike9 in the County ofTork.	822

cv. An Ad for repealing an Ad passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Weilmorland ; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lanas and Grounds.	Ibid.

cvi. An Ad for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Stukeleyt in the County of Huntingdon, Ibid. cvii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Waterbeach, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

cviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Elvetham, in the County of Southampton,	Ibid.

cix. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Townfhips of Whittington and Newton with Docker,	in the Parifh of Whittington, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster.	Ibid

cx. An Ad to provide for the Diftribution, Payment and Application of certain Monies and Effeds, refunded or paid, or to be refunded or paid, by or on Behalf of the Government of Sweden, among the rerfons having Claims thereon in consequence of certain Detentions, Sequeftrations and Condemnations by that Government, in the Years Oncthoufand eight hundred ana ten, One thousand eight hundred and eleven and One thousand eight hundred and twelve.	Ibid,

cxi. An Ad for the more equal AfTefTment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the Countv of the City of Cork; and for a new Valuation of the said City ana Survey of the Liber; ties thereof; and for other Purpofes relative to Grand Juries. 839 cxii. An Ad for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the Enlargement of the Burial Grounds in the Parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex ; and for other Purpofes relating to the said Parifh.	Ibid.

cxiii. An Ad for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor; and for making a more adequate Provifion for the Redor, of the Parifh of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex ; and for more effectually lighting, watching, cleansing and Streets and other public Places of and within

Oxiv. An Ad for erecting a Church in the Townfhip of Evertonf in the Parifh of Walton on the Hill', in the County of Lancaster, Ibid. Cxv. An Ad for establishing and regulating the Market, and for enlarging and improving the Market Place at Hanley, in the County ox Stafford.	840

cxvi. An Ad to amend an Ad, passed in the Fifty second Year of Hi9 present Majesty, intituled An AS to enable Juflices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prifoners confined under Mefne Procefs for Debtf in such Gaols as ate not County Gaols, so far as regards the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark > in the County of Surry and the Parifh of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride9 in the City of London.	Ibid.

cxvii. An Ad for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County aod City of Perth; and for other Purpofes relating

Ibid,

thereto.

cxviii. An

(Local bf Perfortal) 530 GEO. HI.

xxiii

cxviii. An Aft for paving and improving the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaficr ; ana for building a New Bridewell in the said Town.	Page	840

cxix. An Aft to enable the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to purchase the Shares of the River Ken-net Navigation 5 and to amend the several Afts pafied for making the said Canal.	Ibid.

cxx. An Aft for explaining and amending an Aft of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or IJis, near Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Trowbridge in the ^County of Wilts ; and certain Navigable Cuts.	Ibid*

cxxi. An Aft to enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and inclosing Lands in the Parifties of Abergele, Saint AJaph, Rhydlan, Dtferth and Melident and the Franchife of Rhydlan, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint* Ibid* cxxii. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water.	Ibid*

cxxiii. An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty for building a Bridge over the River Slaney at Wexford\	841

cxxiv. An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over tne River Slaney, at Ferry Car rig, m the County of Wexford*	Ibid.

cxxv. An Aft for further improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntifland in the County of.

cxxvi. An Aft for providing a Fund for Annuities for Widows of Members of the Incorporation of Bakers of the City of Edinburgh*	Ibid.

cxxvii. An Aft for amending an Aft of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid\

cxxviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through e, and other Roads therein mentioned, in

cxxix. An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts, for repairing the Road from the City of Durham to Tyne Bridge in the County of Durham*	Ibid.

cxxx. An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bijhopffcate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caijler Caufeway, Two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.	Ibid.

cxxxi. An Aft for amending the Road from Earls Kill, in War-rington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, in the County of Lancaster.	842

cxxxiu An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second) ana an Aft of His present Majeity. for

Ibid.

a 4

repairing

XXIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

repairing the Road from Sbrcwjbvry to Wrexham, and federal other Roads in the Counties of Denbigh* Chefier and Flint* so far as relates to the Road in the County of Flint* called The Mold DiflriS.	Fage 842

exxxiii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of H19 present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Neat Enftone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bieejler to Wejton on the Green* 10 the County of Oxford* and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft palTed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale* to a Place called Edenfield* in the Parilh of Bury, in the County of Lancaster.	Ibid.

cxxxv. An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of Hia present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head and from BucknaUto Wefion Coyney, in the County of Stafford; and also for altering and repairing the Road from Hd-derley Green to Lane End, in the fame County.	Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for affeffing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Rofs* towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein ; and of an Aft passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Rofs and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally situated in the County of Rofs ; and of an Aft paifed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging the Powers of the Two first mentioned Afts.	Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading* and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of'JBerkSf so far as relates to the Third Dtftria of the said Roads.

cxxxviii. An Aft for veiling certain Eftates devised by the WiS of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, t® be fold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled under the Dircftion of the Court of Chancery to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

cxxxix. An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Bilhoprick of Worcester for Lands belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester* in the County of Worcester.	Ibid.

exl. An Aft for effecting the Sale of certain Parts of the Eftates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased; ( and for laying out the Money arising by such Sales, together with the clear Money produced by the Sale of certain other Parts of the laid Estates, directed to be fold by an Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Purchafe of other Estates, and for settling the fame to the like Ufes.	Ibid.

exli. An Aft for inclosing Lands in Dundraw* in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

exlii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townlhip of Felt well* in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

cxliii. A a

[Local £s* Perfonat) 530 GEO. III.

cxliii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Clirow, in the County of Radnor, and extinguilhing Vicarial Tithes in the said Parifli.	Page	843

cxliv. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Tur-wefion, in the County 01Buckingham.	Ibid.

cxlv. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Whitwell, in the County of Derby.	844

cxlvi. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Whitney, in the County of Hereford.	Ibid.

cxlvii. An Aft for inclofing	Lands	in	the	Townftiip	of	Stockton,

in the County of Tori.	Ibid.

cxlviii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in	the	Parifli	of Downton, in the

County of Wilts.	Ibid.

cxlix. An Aft for inclosing Lands in Llandyrnog and Llangivyfan, in the County of Denbigh.	ibid.

cl. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Cafcob, and Town-ftiips of Ednol and Kinnerton, in the County of Radnor.	Ibid.

cli. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Aughton in the Parifli of Aughton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.	Ibid.

clii. An Aft for amending an Aft of His present Majesty for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Milborne Port, in the County of •Corner Jet; and for transferring Borough Rights from certain Lands in the fame Parifli to other Lands therein, the better to effeftuate such Inclofure.	Ibid.

cliii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townftiip of Kirkburton, in the County of York.	Ibid.

cliv. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townftiip of Spalford and Wigs ley, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

civ. An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the South London Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and amend the Powers of an Aft palled in*the Forty *fifth Year of His present Majessy, for making the said Water Works.

84$

clvi. An Aft to authorize the Advancement of a certain Sum of Money for carrying into Effeft the several Afts for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpooland to amend the said Afts.	Ibid.

clvii. An Aft for further improving the	Harbour of Aberdeen.	Ibid.

clviii. An Aft for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Wexford.	Ibid.

clix. An Aft for inclosing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordfliip of North Kelfey, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

clx. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majessy, for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parifties or Townlhips 01 Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Mijlerton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

clxi. An Aft for	the more	effeftually draining and	improving

Lands within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties	of Tork,	Lincoln	and Nottingham.	Ibid.

clxii. An Aft for better affeffing and collefting|the Poor and other Rates, in the Parifli of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Affairs thereof $ for repairing or rebuilding

*XT

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

building the Parilh Workhouse, and purchaling Ground for a Cemetery; and for other Purpofes relating thereto. Page 846 clxiii. An A A for altering and amending Two federal Ads of the Thirty fifth and Forty sixth Years oF the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.	I bid.

cl*iv. An Aft for paving, widening, cleansing, watching, lighting and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the Borough of Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftrudions therein. Ibid. clxv. An Ad for altering and amending several Ads for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.	Ibid.

clxvL An Ad for veiling Part of the fettled Eilates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were devised by'the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Ufes; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

clxviL An Ad for veiling certain detached fettled Ellates late of William Whittaker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the fame ; and to lay out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to	the	fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxviii. An Ad for repealing so much of Two several Ads, palled in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are contrary to the Provifions contained in the will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, or the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill Efquire with the Lady Maria Walpole.	Ibid.

clxix. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will of James Harrifon Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chejler9 or one of them, in Trustees, to be fold pursuant to an Agreement entered into	for	that Purpofe.	847

clxx. An Ad for vetting Part of the fettled Eftates of Thomas John Phillips, of Newport House in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, an Infant, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for inverting the clear Monies thence ariling, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxxi. An Ad for vetting Part of the fettled Eftates of Edward William Leyborne Popham Esquire, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for investing the clear Monies thence ariling, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxxii. An Ad for incloling Lands in the Manor of Eafi Bedfont with Hatton, in the Panlh of Eq/l Bedfont, in the County of Middlesex.	Ibid.

clxxiii. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Townlhip of Under-tnilbecif in the Parifhes of Windermere and Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Weftmoreland.	^ Ibid.

clxxiv. An

v^.

(Local & PerfonaI) 530 GEO. III.	*	xtYii

clxxiv. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of IJleworth, Hrjlon and Twickenham, in the Manor of IJleworth Syon, in the County of Middlesex.	Page	847

clxxv. An Aft for inclosing Lands in Burghwallis, in the County of Tori,	Ibid.

clxxvi. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Parifhes of Caine, Caljlone Wellington and Blaciland, in the County of Wilts. Ibid. clxxvii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhips of Crowle9 Eajloft and Ealandy in the Parifh of Crowle9 in the County of IJncoln9 and extending into the West Riding of the County of Tori.	848

clxxviii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of Winterbourne Mone it on 9 in the County of Wills.	Ibid.

clxxix. An Aft for securing to James Lee9 and the Public, the Benefit of his Invention of certain new Methods of preparing Hemp and Flax, by enabling him to lodge the Specification under certain Reftriftions.	Ibid.

clxxx. An Aft for erecting a new Gaol, Houfeof Correction, and Penitentiary House, in the Borough of Tewiejbury9 in the County of Gloucester.	Ibid.

clxxxi. An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Thames	and Severn Canal Navigation.	Ibid.

clxxxii. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Wilts and Berks Canal, in the Parifh of Swindon, in the County of Wilts9 to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parifh of Latton9 in the fame County.	Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Aft for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Bury9 Loughor and Lliedi9 in the Counties of Carmarthan and Glamorgan.	Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Aft for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames9 at the Precinft of the Savoy9 or near thereunto ; and making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry.	Ibid.

clxxxv. An Aft for inclosing, lighting and improving Fitzwilliam Square9 in the County of the City of Dublin.	860

clxxxvi. An Aft for repairing and improving several Rbads in the Counties of Montgomery9 Merioneth and Salop ; and other Roads therein mentioned.	Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and Two Aft$ of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes9 in the County of Tori9 to Brough under Stainmore9 in the County of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Caflle to Kaber Crofs9 and other Roads therein mentioned, in the laid Counties.

861

clxxxviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and Two Aftsof His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Maidflone9 in the County of Kent9 to TubPs Laie9 in the Parifh of Cranbrooi9 in the said County.

Ibid.

clxxxix. An Aft for enabling the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth to grant building Leafcs of his fettled Estates, situate in the Counties of Tork9 Kent and .  Middlesex. Ibid.

cxc. An

/

xxviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxc. An Aft for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellejley, Doftor in Divinity, and the Reverend Richard Hodges to grant Building LeafesJ of several undivided Shares in a Piece of Land, called Chel/ea Common, in the Parifti of Saint Luke, Chel/ea, in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to an Agree** ment entered into for that rurpofe.	Page 861

cxci. An Aft to enable the Vicar of the Parifti and Parifti Church of Camberwell, in the County of Surry, to grant Leafes of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage.	Ibid

cxcii. An Aft for vetting the Ettates devised by the Will of the late Thomas Saunders Esquire, in Trustees, to be fold, and for applying the Monies thence anting for the Purpofes and in manner therein mentioned.	Ibid.

exciii. An Aft for fubttituting and appointing a new Truftee in the Place or Stead of Francis Lucius Aujlen Esquire, for the Purpofea of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of William John Campion Efauire, with Jane Aujlen Spinfter, now the Wife of the said William John Campion; and alio of the Will and Codicil of Henry Courihope Campion Esquire, deceased, so far as refpeftt the Freehold and Copyhold or Cuftomary Ettates thereby respectively devised to the Ufes or upon the Trufts of the faicl Settlement, and for vetting the Truft Ettates accordingly. Ibid. cxciv. An Aft for vetting Part of the Ettates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe Esquire, and other Lands fettled to the fame Ufes, in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the Money to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame Ufes.	862

cxcv. An Aft for exchanging the Lands of Brabflerdorran, and other Heritages belonging to Henrietta Sinclair, as Heir under an Entail, made by David Sinclair of Southdun, deceased, for other Lands and Heritages belonging to her in Fee Simple ; and for vetting the said Lands of Brabflerdorran, and other Heritages, in Trustees, for the Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

exevi. An Aft for vetting the fettled Ettates of Edward Lee Efquire and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Waterford and Dublin and in the County of the City of Dublin, in Trustees, to be fold and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Ettates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ettates so fold.

Ibid.

cxcvii. An Aft for vetting certain Ettates devised by the Will of Thomas Holt Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in Truft for Sale; and for laying out the Monies thence t anting in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

cxcviii. An Aft for incloting Lands in the Parifti of Withington, in the County of Gloucefler.	Ibid.

exeix. An Aft for enlarging the Term of Two Afts of His present Majesty, ‘for repairing and widening the Road from Bicejler, in the County of Oxford, to Ayle/bury, in the County of Bucks. Ibid. cc. An Aft for enlarging the Term aod Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Place in Bicejler, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the (aid Aft to an adjoining Branch of Road.	Ibid.

ecu An

xxix

[Local & Perfonal) 53° GEO. III.

cci. An* Aft for embanking, inclosing and draining Lands in the Parifh of Wainfieet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln. Page 863 ccii. An Aft to enable the Truftecs of certain Lands, demised by the Will of William Seabrigbt9 deceased, situate in the Townfhip of Bednal Green otherwise Bet ben Hall Green, in the Parifh of Stepney otherwise Stabinheath, in the County of Middlefexy to grant Building Leafes thereof.	Ibid.

cciii. An Aft for enabling William Hall Esquire, to assign or furren-der a Term of One thousand Years, in Estates, in the County of Oxford\ unto or iu Truft for Elijha Bifcoe Esquire; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

cciv. An Aft for enabling Truftecs, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, to grant Building Leafes of Part of tne Eftates of Thomas Milner Gibfon Esquire, deceased, in Lambeth, in the County of Surry9 and in Hlington, in the County of Middlesex ; and also under the like Direction, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of the fame Estates, for Payment of Charges and Incumbrances thereon ;	and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

CCt. An Aft for confirming the Purchafe of a Term of Years in an Eftate at Knightjbridge in the County of Middlesex, being Part of the Settled Eftates of William Lowndes the elder, Esquire, deceased, and for vetting Part of the said Settled Eftates iu Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the rurchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu of the Eftates fold, and to the fame Ufes; and to enable Trustees to grant Building Leafes of Part of the said Settled Eftates ; and for other Purpofes. Ibid. ccvi. An Aft to enable The Hope AJfurance Company to sue and be sued; to grant Annuities, and to enrol Memorials thereof, under certain Regulations.	Ibid.

CCvii. An Aft to enable The Eagle Infurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member thereof; and to inrol Annuities.	864

tfcviii. An Aft for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and CuckJUld, and from Beadles Hill to Lindpeld, and from the Cuckjield and Crawley Road to HorJbam9 ana from Swingate to Sbover Green, all in the County of Sussex.	Ibid.

ccix. An Aft for enabling the Archbimop of Canterbury to convey certain Tenements at Dea\9 in the County of Kent9 to or in Truft for His Majesty, for the Public Service.	Ibid.

ccx. An Aft for vetting certain Eftates devised by the Right Honourable John Viscount Bateman, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies arising therefrom, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame	Ufes.	877

ccxi. An Aft to enable The Marine Infurance Company of Dublin to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or Secretaries.

Ibid.

ccxii. An Aft to enable The Pbeenix AJfurance Company of London to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member.

ibid.

ccxiii. An Aft for altering the Rules, Statutes and Ordinances of the Hofpital of Robert Earl of Leicejier9 in Warwick ; and for enabling the Mafter and Brethren of the said Hofpital to raife

Money

XXX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Money on the Security of the Eftates thereof, in order to provide for the Reception of additional Brethren therein.	Page 877

ccxiv. An Ad for extending and amending an Ad of Queen Anne, for making the River Cham more navigable from Claybitbc Ferry to the Queen’s Mill) in the	County	of Cambridge.	Ibid.

eexv. An Ad to enable The Norwich Union Society for the Infu-ranee of Lives and Survivorjhibs to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Diredors, Treafurero and Secretary.	Ibid.

eexvi. An Ad to enable The Norwich Union Society for Infur once againjl Lofs by Fire to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Diredors, Treafurers and Secretary.	Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.

I* \ N Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Cotterftock cum JLa. Glaftbom, in the County of Northampton.

[ Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

2.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Greyfioke% in the County of Cumberland,

3.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of MarfonTruffell9 in the County of Northampton.

4.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Eajlnor, in the County of Hereford,

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

5.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Greenford, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

6.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Hanwell, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

7.	An Ad for inclosing Lands m the Parilh of ffomfey9 in the County of .  Middlesex.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

8.	An Ad for naturalizing Johan Diederich Wisideler.

9.	An Ad for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parilh of Swtnbrooke, in the County of Oxford.

10.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Clebonger, in the County of Hereford•

11.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Great Stanmore,in the County of .  Middlesex.

12.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of North Piddle, in the County of IVorcefter.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tubes.]

13.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad la) of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Lordmip aad Townlhipof Warier9 in the East Riding of the County of Tork•

(a) [34 Q. 3. e. 3. PIt.]

14.	Aa

LjOoq le

{Local to* Perfonal, not printed,) 53* GEO. III.

14.	An Alt for iiicfofing Lands in the Manors of Sockbridge, Tanwath and Eamont Bridge, in the Parifh of Barton, in the County of Wejtmorland\

15.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Little Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

\_Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

16.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Salwarp, iu the County of tVorceflcr•

J’And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ] or inclosing Lands called Upton Common, in the Town-fhip or Manor of Upton, in the Parifh of Idfall otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

18.	An Ad for vesting the MefTuages and Hereditaments fettled on the Marriage of Henry Burnet Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust, to convey the fame to Henry James Brooke Esquire, his Heirs and Afsigns, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchafe of other Estates, and for settling the fame to the former Ufes.

19.	An Ad for vesting the undivided Fourth Part of Edward Webb and Eli%abeth Frances Webb, an Infant, in Eftates in the Counties of Buckingham, Middlesex an & Oxford, in Trust, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold.

20.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Townhill otherwise Shamhlehurst, in the rarifh of South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton.

21.	An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifhes of Seething, Kirkstead, Mundham and Sijland, in the County of Norfolk.

22.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh ot Wramplingham, in the County of Norfolk.

23.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Crouton, in the County of Norfolk.

24.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of High and Low Kilburn, in the Parifh of Kilburn, in the County of fork.

[This A8 has the Evidence Claufe annexed to it.']

25.	An Ad for inclosing certain Land called Laleham Bur way, in the Parifh of Laleham, in the County of Middlesex, or in the Parifh of Cbertfer, in the County of Surry, or one of them,

26.	An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors of Warmingburjl, AJlington and Cbankton, in the County of Sujfex.

27.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Panfh of Eartham, in the County of Sujfex.

48.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Farlington, in the County of Tork.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

29.	An Ad for dividing Lands in the Townfhip of Icklingbam, in the County of Suffolk.

30.	An Ad for dividing the Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Parifh of Whepstead, in the County of Suffolk 31 • An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Cbudleigb, in the County of Devon.

32. An

mil

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

32.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Bluntijham with Earith and Colne, in the County of Huntingdon.

33.	An Aft for veftingeertain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the Deeds of Entail made by Thomas Vifcouot of Teviot and others, and now, by virtue thereof, in the Pofleffion of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, in Truftoes, in Trust, to fell the fame, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the said Deeds of Entail.

34.	An Aft for fettKng and securing the Lands and Eftate of Kinninmouthy or Kinmount ; and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queenfberry, and the Senes of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queen/berry and Dover, deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed; and for veiling in lieu thereof the Barony and Eftate of Craigs, and certain Parts of the Lands of Tin wall9 Bumjkatrth and Dargavel or Lochermofsy in the said County, in the said Charles Marquis of Queenjberry, and his Heirs and Afligns in Fee Simple.

35.	An Aft for veiling certain Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the County of EJfexy the fettled Eftates of Harvey Kimpton Esquire, in Trustees, upon Truft to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchafe of other Eftates ; and for other Purpofcs therein mentioned.

36 An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Pariih of Ledbury 9 in the County of Hereford.

37.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Flyfori Flavell, in the County of Woreejler.

[.Andfor making Comfenfation for Tithes.]

38.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Great Horkejley, and in the Manor of Rivers Hall in Bessteady in the County of EJfess.

39.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Knowle9 in the several Parifhes of Solihull and Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick.

40.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Great Riffington, in the County of Gloucefler.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.']

41.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Cwmyoy, and Chapelry of Llanthony9 in the County of Monmouth.

42.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Townfhip of Ebrington and the Hamlet of Hkcoat otherwise Hitcott, in the County of Gloucefler.

for making Compenfation for Tithes. No Leafe Ebrington9 s Allotment without Confent of The King as Patron

of Vicar

[Andfo% of Ebr

of the said Vicarage.]

43.	An Aft for amending and rendering more effectual an Aft of the Fiftieth Year (a) of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Amberlp9 in the County of Sujfeu.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

(a) [co G. 3. s. 35. PR.]

44.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Much Cowam9 in the County of Hereford.

45. An

txtWi

(Local (5* Perfonal, not printed,) 530 GEO. III.

At\ Aft for inclosing Lands wicliin the Townfhip of Fairburn, in the West Riding of the County of Tori.

k [Allotment to Hit Maiefly. Plan of His Mayfly's Allotment sent to Clerk of Duchy of Lane after. ]

46.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh* of Morley otherwise the Parities of Morley Saint Buttolph and Morley Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk,

47.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Woodton, in the County of Norfolk.

4S. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Priors Ditton, in the County of Salop.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

49.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Chevington and Chedhurgh, in the County of Suffolk.

50.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Great Horningsheath other wife Horningsherth and Weflley, in the County of Suffolk.

51.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Brigham, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

52.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the I orough and Townfhip of Cockermauth, in the County of Cumberland.

53.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhips of Setmurthy and Embleton, in the Manor of Derwentfells, in the County of Cum~ berland-

54.	An Aft for inclosing certain Wafte Lands within the Parifh of Saint John, in the County of Cumberland*

55.	An Aft to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Chamberlain Efquire with Eliza otherwise Elizabeth Chamberlain, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

j6. An Aft for veiling certain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in a Deed of Entail made by Archibald Campbell, late of Shirvan> deceased, in Trustees, to fell the fame, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled and secured to the fame Series of

* Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the Paid Deed of Entail.

57.	An Aft for carrying into Effeft a certain Agreement made between the Reverend Doftor David Johnson, Minifter of the Parifh of North Leith, and the Reverend Doftor Walter Foggo Ireland, ordained and appointed Affiftant and Succeflor to the laid Doftor David Johnflon, in the said Parifh of North Leith, and the Kirk Session thereof, with the Confent of the Prefbytery of Edinburgh, and John Campbell, Writer to His Majefty’s Signet.

58.	An Aft for enabling the Adminiflrators of George Turner, deceased, to complete a Contraft made by him for the Sale of Part of his Fee Simple Eftates.

59.	An Aft for inclosing, and exonerating -from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Rougham, in the County of Suffolk.

60.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stretton Grandfome and Townfhip of Egleton9 in the Parifh of Bifbops Froome> in the County of Hereford•

[ Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.1 j3 Gio. III.	*	I,	61.	An

xxxiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

61.	An A& for inclosing Lends in Upper EUJione9 in the Oosotf

of Stafford.

62.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Boxtead Hall, in the County of EJfex.

63.	An Ad for incloiiug Lands in the Parifh of Kenneth in the County of Cambridge.

64.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Wood Ditton in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

65.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parim of Eajlrington, in the County of Tori

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. No Leafe of Vicar*t Allotment without consent of His Majesty as Patron of the said Vicarage.]

66.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Tajburgb9 in the County of Norfolk.

67.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Saint Maryf in Newmarket, in the County of Suffolk.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes ]

68.	An Ad to enable the Reverend Benjamin Sandford to take the Name and bear the Arms of Winflon, pursuant to the Will of Charles Winflon, deceased.

69- An Ad for empowering the Judges of the Court of Sefiton in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Eftates of Gleneagles, Haldane and Aberutbven, filuated in the Counties of Perth9 Stirling and Dunbarton, which belonged to, and were entailed by Robert Haldane, of Gleneagles, deceased, as shall be sufficient tor Payment of the Debts of the said Robert Haldane still owing, and which acted or may be made to affect the (aid entailed Eftates.

70. An Ad for settling and securing the Lands and Eftate of Wejt Bor eland, and others, in the County of Stirling9 to and in favour of William Morehead Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take, by a certain Deed of Entail made by William Morehead Esquire, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations in the said Deed, and for veiling, in lieu thereof, certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Herbertjhire9 in the said County, in certain Trustees nominated by the (aid William Morehead^ deceased, for the Purpofes of the Trust, and for empowering the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell certain Parts ana Portions of the said Entailed Eftate of Herbertfhire for r»y-ment of the Debts contracted by the said William Morehead9 deceased.

7X. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the several Parifhes of Llanfihangel Generglyn and Llanganfelitit in the County of Cardigan.

7$. An Ad for inqlofing Lands in the Pariili of Wefimill9 in the County of Hertford.

73.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Longftanton Saint Michael, in the County of Cambridge.

74.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Little Granfden* in the County of Cambridge.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Ttthetf]

♦	75	A»

XXXV

(Local & Perfonaly not printed^ 53* GEO. HI.

7£« An Ad for dividing and inclosing certain Trade or Parcels of Moor, Common or Wafle Grounds within and Parcel of the Manor of East Trig*mouth, in the County of Devon.

76.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Meldreth, and for allotting Lands in the Parilhes of Melboum and Wbaddon$ in the County of Cambridge.

[Andfor making Compenfationfor Tithes* ]

77.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the rarifii of Frampton upon Severn, in the County of Gloucejler> and in the Parifii of Slimbridge, in the laid County.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

78.	An Ad to enable John Fleming Barton Willis Esquire, and his Iflue, to take the Name of Fleming, and bear the Arms of the Fleming Family, pursuant to the Will of John Fleming Esquire, deceased.

79.	An Ad for veiling a Leafehold Meffuage in Cnnum Street, in the County of Middlefex% and other Effeds, fettled by the Will of Dame Harriott Reade, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold, and to lay out the Money thence arising in the Purchafe of other EHates, to be fettled in like manner.

THE

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

. Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagefimo Tertio.

*	AT the Parliament begun and holden at IVcJlminJler, tfie Twenty

*	fourth	Day of November, Anno Domini 18x2 ; in the Fifty

*	third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the 4 Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ; being the First 4 Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain and Ireland.*

CAP. I.

An Ad to continue, until. the First Day of Ofiober One thou* sand eight hundred and thirteen, an AGt of the last Session of Far foment, for allowing the Ufe of Sugar in Brewing Beer in' Gnat* Britain.	[i6th	December	1812.]

*	TY/W£REAS an Ad was passed in the last Session of Parfia- 5*0.3. cdy.

*	W ment, intituled An A£t to allow the Ufe of Sugar in Brew-

*	ing Beerm Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the

*	Firft Day of November One thousand eight hundred and .twelve :

*	And whereas, in pursuance of the Power given by the said Ad,

*	His Majesty has been pleased by His Royal Proclamation, bearing Proclamation.

4	Date the Twenty sixth Dav of Qdober One thousand eight hundred

*	and twelve, to permit the Ufe of Brown and Mufcovado Sugar in

*	the Brewing of Beer until Forty Days after the then next Meeting

*	of Parliament; And whereas it is expedient that the said Ad should 4 be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Ad shall 51G. 3. c.6y« be and the fame is hereby continued until the First Day of OSober continued.

One thousand .eight hundred and thirteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty at any Period for using time after toe First Day of OSober, in the Year One thousand eight Sugar in brewing hundred and.thirteen, shall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom to permit Common Proc“,nalloB* Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale to maxe use of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, then and in fuen case it shall ana may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be iiTued by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to permit and funer all Common Brewers 53 Gio. III.	B	and

i^

A.D.i8i2.

Ad altered, &e.

52 G. 3. c. 117.

Proclimation.

5a G.3. c. 117. continued.

Prohibition of making of Starch from Wheat,

&c. further extended by Proclamation.

C. 1,2.	530	GEO. in.

and Retailer* of Beer, Ale or Wort*, in Great Brit aim (but not any particular Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Worts), at any time or times not less than Thirty Days from the Date of fnch Proclamation or Order in Couneil, to make use of Brown or Muf-covado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Redri&ions and Pro-visions, Fines, Pennies and Forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the said recited Ad.

III.	And )>e it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament.

cap. n.

An Ad to continue, until the First Day of OBober One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Ad of the lad Session of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch;

[16th December 1812.3

WHEREAS an Ad was pafTed in the lad Session of Parliament, intituled An AS to prohibit, until the First Day of * November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of * Starch, Hair Powder and Blue9 from Wheat and other Articles of * Food ; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the * Importation into Great Britain of Starch : And whereas, in purfu-* ance of the PoWcr given by the said Ad, His Majesty has been ‘ pleased by His Royal Proclamation bearing Date the Twenty sixth * Day of OSoher One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to pro-* hibit the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Po-* tatoes. Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the * Food of Man, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of * Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Ad should • be continued and amendedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Ad shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case His Majedy at any time after the Fird Day of OSoher One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be most for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom further to continue the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, from the said Fird Day of OSober until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, and also the Suf-penfion of the High Duties on the Importation of Starch, then and in filch case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majedy by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, or by His Majefty’s Order in Couneil, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to continue

throughout

A*D* 1812*

3

53° geo. nr.

C. *, 3.

throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain^ from the (aid First Day of OBober until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition and Sufpenflon hereinbefore mentioned ; that is to fay, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain during the Continuance of such Prohibition, no Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, shall be made from Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, and so much of the Duties on the Importation of Starch as are hereinbefore mentioned shall so long continue suspended; any thing in the said recited A61 contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this A6t may be varied, all A& varied, Itc, tered or repealed, by any Adt to be made in this Session of Parliament.

[.Repealed, pojl, c. *3.]

cap. m.

An Adi to amOnd an ABt of the last Seflion of Parliament, for prohibiting the Intercourfe between the Iflands of Jamaica and Saint Domingo.	[22d December 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Adt palled in the Fifty second Year of	c.35.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin A3 to prohibit all Intercourfe between the IJlahd of Jamaica and certain Parts of the IJland of Saint Domingo, it is enacted, that, from and after the First Day of Juby One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Briti/b Ship or Veflel shall, for any Purpofe or under any Pretence whatever, fail from any Port or Place in the Ifland of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo, nor from any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo to any Por^ or Place in the Ifland of Jamaica, except as is thereinafter provided,

Under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of any such Ship or Veflel, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle ana Apparel : And whereas it is further enabled, that no Foreign § %, Ship or Velfel, whether laden or jn Ballad, shall come into any Port in the Ifland of Jamaica, if such Ship or Veflel shall have cortie from, or in the Courfe of her Voyage have touched at any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo; and if any such Foreign Ship or Veflel shall land any Person from on board the fame, or shall continue in any Port or Harbour of the said Ifland of Jamaica, for Forty eight Hours after Notice (Rail be given by the principal Officer of the Cuftoms reddent at the Port to depart therefrom, such Foreign Ship o* Veflel shall be forfeited, together with her Cargo, (ljuns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel : And whereas it is expedient, for the better Protebtion of the Trade of His Majefty’* Subje&s to permit British Ships or Vefleis, or Ships or Veflels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, and bound to any Port or Place within His Majefty’s Dominions, failing from any Ports or Places in the said Ifland of Saint Domingo, to call, under certain Reftriblions, for Convoy at Ports or Places in the said Ifland of Jamaica ;’ Be it therefore nadfeed, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

B 2	of

A.D.i8i2,

Bt'rtSdt VtffeU, itc. (ailing from any Port in St. Domingo may touch at Ports in Jamaica appointed for Rendea-TousorafTembting far Convoy, Itc.

100,0001. tobt paid out of Con* folidated Find to Truftcs*

C. 3,4.	53° GEO. III.

of the fame. That it shall mod may be lawful for British Ships or Vefleis, or Ships or Veflels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, and bound to any K>rt or Place within His Majefty’* Dominions, failing from any Port or Place in the said I Hand of Saint Domingo under Convoy of and in Company with One of His Majefty’a Ships, to touch or call at such Port or Place of the said Ifland of Jamaica as may have been appointed by His Majefty’s Naval Officers for the Rendezvous or assembling for the Purpofe of Convoy of the General Homeward bound Trade : Provided always, that no Person from on board such VefTel shall land upon or otherwise communicate with the said Ifland of Jamaica, without a Special Licence to that Effed under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Istand, the Admiral commanding in Chief on the Station, or the Senior Officer commanding His Majefty’s Ships and Veflels appointed to convoy the said Veflel, which Licence they shall not grant except in cases of urgent Neceffity, and if any Person belonging to such Veflel shall land or otherwise communicate with the Shore without such Licence, the Forfeiture and Penalties of the said Ad shall take Effed; any thing in this present Ad aotwithftanding.

CAP- IV.

An Ad for granting a Sum of Money for purchafmg an Eftate for the Marquis of Wellington and nis Heirs, in Confideradon of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the PuMic.

[22d December i8l2-3

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by His 4 most gracious Meflage to Your Majefty’s Faithful Commons, hath * been pleased to declare, that having taken into Confideration the * eminent and signal Services performed by General the Marquis of * Wellington, on so many Occafions, and particularly in the glorious 4 Battle of Salamanca9 and being desirous of beftoWing such a Mark « of National Munificence on General the Marquis of Wellington, as 4 may enable him to sustain the high Honours which His Royal * Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf 4 of Your Majesty, has thought proper to confer on him and his * Defendants, recommended to your faithful Commons the Adoption • of such Meafures as may be necessary for the Accomplifhment 4 of this most important Objed:’ Now we. Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Commons of die United kingdom in Parliament afiembled, duly considering Your Majefty’s most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, ly and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That a Sum not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be paid out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying or referring fuffirient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money

as

A.D.i8i2.

530 GEO. in.

C.4.

as have been directed by any former A& or Afts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame 5 but with Preference to all other Payment* which shall or may be hereafter charged upon the said Fund) free and clear of all Taxes and Dedu&ions whatsoever, to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain* or First Lord Commiffioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively, the Right Honourable William Wellejley Pole, and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellcjley Do&or in Divinity, in Truft to and for the Ufe of the said Marquis of Wellington, and such other Persons on whom the Title of Marquis of Wellington shall defeend, and on Failure of Iflue Male of the said Marquis of Wellington, in Truft to and for the Ufe of the Heirs of the Body of the said Marquis of Wellington, and to apply the fame in the manner hereinafter directed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That until such fSum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be so paid to such Trustees as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the said Marquis of Wellington, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, and to such other Person to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington shall defeend, from time to time out of the said Confolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay any Sum directed to be paid by former A6U, but with Preference to other Payments, lawful Intereft for such Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* and such Intereft shall commence from the Twenty second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and shall be payable Quarterly at the ulual Days of Payment; the First Payment of Intereft to be computed and paid to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and to continue payable Quarterly on the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of OQober and the Fifth Day of January m each Year, until such Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be so paid as aforesaid, and any Fra&ions of a Quarter to be computed to the Day of such Payment.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now being, or any Three or more of them, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and also from time to time for paying the Intereft as aforesaid, on the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, as the fame shall from time to time, become due* and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Sum of One hundred thoufcnd Pounds, to such Trustees respectively as aforesaid ; and also, such Intereft as aforesaid to the said Marquis of Wellington and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis of Wellington, or in default of Heirs Male to the Heirs of the Body of the faid

B 3	Marquis,

Till Payment made $ per Cent, allowed.

Treasury to direct Auditor of Exchequer to make forth Debentures for paying the xoo^oool.

A.D.i8ia.

6	C.4.	53'GEO. III.

Warrant of Trtafury valid.

Treasury and Exchequer to att without Fee.

Acquittance of Trustees and Marquis a luf-fcient Difchxrge.

Marquis, or to such other PerTon or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the fame, at the respective quarterly bays in this Ad before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafeted, That after (igning of such Warrant, the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Ad, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majesty (w|iom God long preferve), or any of His Heirs or Succeffors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commiflioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiflioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifter* of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Ads, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Ad and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

VI.	And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Trustees respectively, for the Sum so directed to be paid to them, and of the said Marquis of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis of Wellington, and of such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled or authorized to receive any such Intereft as aforesaid, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such several Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf, and that the said Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Publick Charges whatsoever ; and ia case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or to do any Ad necessary to enable the said Trustees respectively, and the faia Marquis of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the fame, then the said Trustees respectively, and Marquis, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the fame, or any Part thereof, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead fiich Officers, or any of them, their Executors aud Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Adion of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon again ft such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for so much of such Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing for any such Intereft as aforesaid, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum, or Interect, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Rcfufal or Negled to do ^ny Ad necessary to be done bv such Officer or Officers respectively.

VII.	And

AJD.i8n.	53° GEO. DI.	C.	4.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to whom the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds is hereby granted as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to lay out and invest the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of any Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Poflefiion, to be free from Incumbrances (except Fee Farm and Quit Rents, and other Rent Services} and to dc situate in any Part of Great Britain, and the said Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall, when so purchased, be forthwith fettled, conveyed and allured to the Ufe of the said Marquis of Wellington, and to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis of Wellington, and to such other Person to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington shall descend, pursuant to the Limitations of the Patent, whereby the said Dignity is granted, and in default and on failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis, then to the Ufe of the Heirs of the Body of the said Marquis of Wellington•

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if on the Payment of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to such Trustees as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able immediately to invest the fame in any such Purchafe as aforesaid, then and in such case the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to lay out such Sum of One hundred thousand Founds, or such Part thereof as cannot be so invested as aforesaid in Exchequer Bills, or in any other Government Securities, aod to keep the lame so invested in Exchequer Bills, or some Government Securities, bearing interest until the fame can be invested in any such Purchafe as afotesaid, and in the mean time, and from time to time to pay the Intereft arising therefrom to the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person entitled for the time being to such Annuity as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Marquis of Wellington or for the Person upon whom the said Title of Marquis of Wellington shall descend, either before or after his Marriage with any Woman or Women by any Deed or Deeds, or Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation, to be by him sealed and delivered in the Prefence of Two or more credible Witneifes (but subject and without Prejudice to the Annuity or Annuities, yearly Sum or Sums, if any, which shall be then fublifting and payable by way of Jointure or Jointures, out of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of any Grant, Limitation or Appointment to be made in purfuanceof the Power herein contained), to grant, limit and appoint unto such Woman or Women whom he shall so marry, for her or their Life or Lives, and for her or their Jointure or Jointures, in bar of Dower as hereinafter is exprested, any Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds of like lawful Money, clear of all Taxes, Charges and Dedu&ions whatsoever, by A& of Parliament or otherwise howsoever to commence and take Effe& immediately after the Deceafe of the Person granting, limiting or appointing the lame, and to be i(Tiling and payable out of the laid Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to be paid and payable by equal quarterly Payments, and the First of the laid quarterly Payments

B 4	to

1

powered to purchase Manoi s. Sec.

Trustees to lay Money out in Exchequer Bills, fee. till invested.

Power to grant

Jointures.

8

AJD.iSiz.

C. 4.	53*	GEO.	III.

Jointures not to ciceed 3,00c!.

Manors, Ice. not fubjecLto Dower.

Marquis empowered to ltafe Manors for 21 Years.

B tilding Leafes for 90 Years.

to be made on the Quarter Day which shall first happen after tbw Deceafe of the Person who (haU hare appointed the Annuity or yearly Sum lad hereinbefore authorized*

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the (aid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall not at one and the fame time be subject to the Payment of more than the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds, for or in respect of any Jointure or Jointures which shall be made in pursuance of the Powers hereinbefore contained.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, shall not be subject to Dower of the Wife or Wives of the said Marquis of WeHington, or of any of the Persons who may successively be seized thereof under the Limitations aforesaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the (aid Marquis of Wellington, and such other Person or Persons as shall for the time being be in Pofleffion of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, as and when they shall respectively be in the Poffefiion or entitled as aforesaid, to grant, demise and lease all or any * of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons for any Terra or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty one Years in PofTeffion, but not in Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, or by way of future Interect, so as upon every of such Leafes there be reserved and made payable during the Continuance thereof respectively, the best and mod improved Yearly Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Income for or in respect of such Leafe or Leases, and so as the Leflees to be therein respectively named, and their respective Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, be not made dif-punifhable of or for Wade by any express Words therein, and so as that in every such Leafe there be contained a Condition or Claufe of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby respectively reserved, and so as such respective Leflees duly seal and deliver Counterparts of such Leafes respectively.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person entitled for the time being to such Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, with the Confent in Writing of the Trustees for the time being, by Indenture sealed and delivered in the Prefence of and atteded by Two credible Witneffes, to demise, lease and grant unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to build upon the fame, in the manner by the Leafe or respective Leafes so to be granted, to be fpecifled for any Term or Number of Years absolute, not exceeding the Term of Ninety Years, to take effect in Pofleffion and not in Reversion, or by way of future Interest, with Liberty for the Leffee or Leflees to take down all or any Part or Parts of any Buildings which may be (landing upon the Premifes in any such Leafe or Leafes respectively, to be comprized, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to such Ufcs and Purpofes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprized in such Leafe of Leases, as or for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to any Building or Buildings which may be built

upon

A.D.i8i2<

9

S30 GIO. IlL	C.	4.

upon the Premises, or as and for a War or Ways, Street or Streets, Road or Roads, Avenue or Avenues, Paflage or Pafsages, Sewer or Sewers, for the Ufe and Convenience of the Leffee or Leflees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, in such manner as shall be mentioned and agreed upon in such Grant, Leafe or Demise, together with such Privileges and other Eafements as shall by the said Trustees be deemed reasonable or convenient, so as there be referred in and by such Leases, Demifes or Grants respectively the best and most improved yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable Quarterly, free from all Dedu&ioos whatsoever, regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in such Demifes or Leases, without taking any Fine, Premium or Foregift, or any thing in the Nature thereof, for the making of such respective Leases; and so as there be contained in such Demifes or Leafes respectively, Covenants from the respective Leflees to pay the Rent thereby referred, to build and keep in Repair the Mefluages, Erections and Buildings which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises, and to surrender and leave in repair the Mefluages, Ere&ions and Buildings to be erected and built upon * the Premifes thereby respectively to be leafed at the End of the Term or Terms in such Leafes granted, and so as there be contained in such Demifes or Leafes respectively, a Power for the Leflore and their Surveyors and Agents, to enter upon the Premises, and to infped the State and Condition thereof, and all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provifoes and Conditions, on the Parts of the respective Leflees as are usually contained in Building Leafe6, and Co as there be also contained in fucn Leases, Demifes or Grants respectively, Conditions of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rents to be thereby reserved on Nonperformance of the Covenants, Provifoes or Conditions on the respective Leffees* Part, and so as the respective Leflees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leafes.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it Audi not be lawful for the said Marquis of Wellington* or the Person or Persons who for the time being shall be entitled in Poflcffion to the Rents, Iflues, and Proflts of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, to commit or permit any Kind of Wafte in or upon such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or in or upon any Part thereof; and if the said Marquis of Wellington, or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, mall at any time or times commit or permit any such Wafte, then and in every such case the said Marquis, or any other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, so committing or permitting any such Wafte, and his or their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftratore, shall be responsible in Damages to the Trustees for the time being, and shall accordingly, by virtue of this A&, be fueable at Law by the said Trustees m an A&ion upon the Cafe for such Damages $ and in every such A&ion in which Judgment shall be given for the Plaintiff, Cofts shall be awarded against the Defendant or Defendants; and all such Monies as shall be so recovered for Damages and Cofts shall, after Payment of all Expences and Charges which shall be incurred, or shall arise in Execution of this Part of the Trufts of this A&, be applied by the said Trustees for the time being, in Improvement of any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, by Repairs, Buildings, Planting, Inclosure, Draining or

otherwise.

Marquis for time being anfwetabl* in Damage* for Wafte on Mantra, Jcc.

A.D.i8i2

Making ofBricJc * or digging of Quarries.

Felling of Tim-ber.

Treble Coils.

Surrey of Timber made annually, to ascertain *mat b proper to be cut

C.4-	53° GEO. QL

otherwise, in the fame manner aa is hereinafter directed, concernin] the Application of the Refiduary Surplus Money, from Sale o Timber, under the Provifions hereinafter contained.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enatfed, That it shall b lawful for the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person entitled fc the time being to the Rents and Profits of any such Manors, Me: fuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, with the Confent c the Trustees for the time being, to dig any Brick Earth for makin Bricks, or to fink, dig or work any Quarries of Stone, Mines ( Coal, Minerals or other Mines, or witk the Consent, in Writinj of the Trustees for the time being, to grant Leafes of any Land f< the making of Bricks, or sinking, digging or working any fuc Quarries or Mines in any such Manors, Lanas, Tenements or Her ditaments, other than and except on any of the Gardens or Pari near to or surrounding the Manfion of Refideuce, without being it peachable for any Wafte by reason thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful any time or times to cut down or fell, or cause to be cut down felied, any Timber which shall be growing or (landing in or up the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments so to be purcbafed and f< tied as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, otherwise than in manner hei inafter authorized ; and if any such Timber shall be felled or c down in any other manner than is hereinafter authorized, the Perl or Persons so felling or cutting down such Timber, or causing i fame to be felled or cut down, (nail be responsible to the Trustees the Purpofes of this A6l for the time being, for the Value of 1 Timber so felled or cut down, and shall accordingly, by virtue of t A&, be fueable by the said Trustees for the time being in an A&: upon the Cafe for the said Damages; and in every such A&ion which Judgment shall be given for the Plaintiffs, Treble Cofts ft be awarded against the Defendant or Defendants ; and all such Su of Money as shall be so recovered for such Damages and Cofts (h after Payment of all Charges and Expences which shall be incurr or arise in the Execution of this Branch of the Trufts of this A be applied by the said Trustees for the time being in the fame man as hereinafter is directed, in respect of the Refiduary Surplus Moi from the Sale of Timber under the Provifions for that Purpofe hi inafter mentioned.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That some time in the Monti November in every Year, when Occafion shall require, and the ft shall be requested by the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Per entitled for the time Deing to the Rents and Profits of such Man Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, a Survey and Valuation ( be made by some fit and proper Person or Persons to be appoir by the Trustees for the time being, of all such Timber standi growing and being in or upon the said Manors, Lands and Hered ments Fo to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, as it shall be Wi(h of the (aid Marquis of Wellington, or the Person for the t being in Poffefiion or entitled as aforesaid, to have cut down in Co of the ensuing Year, and as shall be fit and in proper Course, or otherwise advantageous or proper to be cut down ; and such Sui and Valuation (ban be reduced into Writing, and being so writ shall be signed by the Person or Persons appointed to make the f and be verified by his or their Oath or Oaths, (to be adminifterei

A.D.i8i2.

ii

53* GEO. III-	C*	4*

him or them by any Juftice of the Peace, any such Juftice being hereby authorized to administer the fame accordingly): and after such Survey and Valuation shall be made and Iworn to as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees respectively, with the Content and Approbation of the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person for the time being in Poffeflion or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be pur-ebafed as aforesaid (fuch Confents respectively to be testified by Writing under the Hands of the Persons giving the fame), to order and direct, that so much of the said Timber as shall have been selected and marked for cutting by the Person or Persons making such Survey and Valuation shall be forthwith cut down and felied, and fold and disposed of, with all convenient Speed, for such Sum or Sums as to the said Trustees shall appear to be the bed Price or Prices that can reasonably be had or obtained for the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Monies from time to time to arise and be produced by every Sale of Timber as aforesaid, shall be paid to and received by the said Trustees for the time being, and the said Trustees, after Payment of all Expences attending any such Valuation and Sale, shall from time to time in the first Place fet apart and appropriate so much of the Surplus Monies as at the time when such Sale shall be ordered as aforesaid shall be equal in Amount to One fourth Part of the then gross Yearly Rental of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased and fettled as aforesaid, if the Produce of such Timber shall amount to so much, and do and shall from time to time, by and out of the Monies which shall be so fet apart and appropriated, or by and out of the Monies produced by the Sale of such Timber, pay to the Person who at the time of such Order as aforesaid shall be in the PofTeffion or entitled to the Rents, KTues .and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, or to his Executors or Admi-niftrators. Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of such gross Yearly Rental, for the Purpofe of paying and re-imburfing to such Person the Charges and Expences which may have been incurred by him in the neceflRiry and incidental Repairs of the said Estates, apd do and shall lay out and invest the Refidue of the Monies (which shall be so fet apart and appropriated as aforesaid) in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Interect, on any Real Securities, in the Names of the said Trustees for the time being, and the said Trustees, in whose Names the fame shall be so invested, shall ftapd and be possessed of and interested in the said Stocks, Fiinds and Securities upon the Trufts following; that is to fay, Upon Truft from time to time, during the Life of the Person, who shall for the time being be so in Poffeflion o.r entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, at the time such Timber shall ip manner aforesaid be ordered to be felled and cut down, to receive the Dividends and Interests, and Annual Proceeds of the said Stocks* Funds and Securities, and to lay opt and invest the fame Dividends, Intereftt and Annual Proceeds, in or upon any such other Stocks, Funds and Securities as aforesaid, in the Way of Accumulation, and so from time to time during the Whole of the said Life, as to the Interect, Dividends apd Annual Proceeds of such other Stocks, Funds and Securities, or of any fpeh Stocks, funds or Securities* ip pr uj>o*

which

Application of Part of Mooay arising by Sale of Timber.

L.

12

A.D.i8i2.

Further Directions as to Application of Money vested in Goverment Securities.

Sha™ of Truft Mo»7 to jo in

C. 4.	GEO.	III.

which any like Accumulations shall afterwards during such Life be invested or placed out, and from and immediately after the Death of the Person so having been in the Pofleffion, or entitled as lad afore-said, then as to afi the said original Stocks, Funds and Securities, and also as to all those from such Accumulations as aforesaid. In Truft for all and every or such One or more of the Children of the Person so having been in Pofleffion, or entitled aslaft aforesaid (other than and except hit eldest or only Son) at such Age or Ages, Day or Days, and Times, and in such Parts, Shares and Proportions, ana with (uch Maintenance in the mean time, until the Alignment or Transfer of their respective Shares, and fubje6t to such Provifoes and Limitations over (fuch Provifoes and Limitations, nevertheless to be for the Benefit of some or one of the fame Children, except as aforesaid), and in such Manner and Form as the Father so fort tie time being m Pofleffion or entitled as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation or new Appointment, to be by him sealed and delivered in the Prefence of, and attested by Two or more credible Winestes, or by his last Will and Teftament in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be by him ftgned and published in the Prefence of the like Number of credible Witneffes, shall direct or appoint j and in Default of and subject to such Direftion or Appointment, then in Truft for all and every the Child and Children of the Person so having been in Pof-session, or entitled as last aforesaid (other than and except his eldest or only Son) in equal Shares and Proportions (if more than One), and if there shall be but One such Child then in Truft for such One Child, and to assign, transfer and make over the Share or Shares of such of them as shall be a Son or Sons to him or them, at his or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years, and the Share or Shares of such of them as shall be a Daughter or Daughters to her or them, at her or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years, or Day or respective Days of Marriage which shall first happen after the Dc« cease of the Person so having been in Pofleffion, or entitled as last aforesaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of such Dire&ion or Appointment as aforesaid, and in case tmy such Child or Children being a Son or Sons (other than and except as aforesaid) shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or being a Daughter mail attain the like Age, or be married in the Lifetime of the Person so having been in Pofleffion, or entitled as last aforesaid, then and from thenceforth the Share or Shares of such Son or Sons so attaining the Age of Twenty one Years (other than and except as aforesaid), and of such Daughter or Daughters so attaining the like Age, or being married before such Age, of, in, and to the said Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities last mentioned, or such Part of the said Stock, Funds and Securities as shall not have been so directed or appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively be, and be considered as a veiled Intereft or vetted Interefts in the fame Child or Children, and shall be transmissible as such to his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Affign8, notwithstanding the Death of such Child or Children afterwards in the Lifetime of the Person so in the Pofleffion, or entitled as last aforesaid.

XX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any such Child, being a Son, shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years,

or

A.D.i8ia*

53d GEO. HI.	C.	4*	13

or become an eldest or only Son, or being a Daugliter, shall die under certain cases to that Age, without having been married, then, and in such Cafe, S'*™011* and in Default of and fuojeA to such Dire&ion or Appointmeut as aforesaid, the Share of each such Son so dying or becoming an eldest or only Son, and of each such Daughter so dying without having been married as aforesaid, of and in the said Trail Stocks,

Funds and Securities (other than what shall have been actually applied for the Advancement of such Son or Sons as hereinafter mentioned), shall from time to time go and accrue to the Survivors or Survivor, and others or other of the fame Children, and the refpec-tive Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, or such of them as shall be dead, having first acquired a vested Intereft in their respective original Shares, and be equally divided between or amongst such Survivors and others of them, and the said Reprefentatives of those who shall be dead (if more than One), in equal Shares and Proportions, and shall be transferable and payable at the fame Ages, Days and Times respectively, as his, her of their original Share or Shares 5 and such Benefit of Survivorfhip or Accruer shall extend as well to the surviving or accruing as to the orginal Shares.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That in the mean time, after Um*l Truft the Death of the Person so having been entitled or in Pofleflion as Fund* last aforesaid, and until the said Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities,

shall become alflgnable or transferrable by virtue of the Trails afore- GuSdian^for said, the Dividends, Intereft and annual Proceeds thereof or of so Maintenance of much thereof, whereof no such Direction or Appointment shall have Children, been made as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of such Child or Children, whose Share or re-fpe&ive Shares of the (aid Trail Stocks, Funds and Securities, shall not then have become assignable or transferrable as aforesaid, to be applied for and towards the Maintenance and Education, and for the Benefit of the fame Child or Children (if more than One), according and in Proportion to their several apparent or presumptive Rights and Shares, in the (aid Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in De- In what case fault of such Dire&ion or Appointment as aforesaid, it shall be Truftew em-lawful for the (aid Traftees, lor the time being, of the said last mentioned Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, after the Deceafe jjfsoosfoTthtif of the Person so having been in Pofleflion or entitled as last afore- Bmfit.

said, to fell and dispose of, or call in and receive any Part of the Share or Shares of such Child or Children, being a Son or Sons, of and in the said Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, so as the Sum or Sums to be railed or called in do not exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in the whole for any One such Son, and to apply the fame Sum or Sums for placing out such Son or Sons in any Pro- . session or Employment, or for his or their Inftra&ion therein, or for purchasing him or them a Commifiion in the Army, or otherwise for his or their Advancement or Benefit, notwithstanding such his or their Share or Shares shall not then have become vested, due and payable.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Person so in ln case of no Pofleflion or entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Children, Tru£ Hereditaments as last aforesaid, shall die without having any Child ^?oflwrcd or Children who shall live to becQmc entitled to the said last men-

turned Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, then, and in such case, of Person* dyne

the in Poffsffion.

A.D. 1812.

C.4.

53°GEO.n!.

TnrfUti, with Content of Per-£00 in Pofletfion, nay change Securities.

Thitlees to apply Refidue of Money ariflng by the Sale of Timber in Im-movement of Manors.

Trufteet, with Confent of Per. son in PofTeflion, may fell Manors, Ice. and purchase others.

the Trustees thereof for the time being shall (land possessed of and interested in the fame Trud Stocks, Funds and Securities, in Truft for the Executors or Adminiftrators of the Person so dying having been in PofTeflion and entitled as lad aforesaid, and to assign, transfer and make over the fame accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trudees, with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Person so in PofTeflion or entitled to the Kents, Ifliies and Profit! of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the time being, to fell and dispose of all or any Part of the said last mentioned Trod Stocks, Funds and Securities, and to lay out and invest the Monies thereon arising in or upon any other such Government or Real Securities as aforesaid, and in like manner to alter, ▼ary and change such other Government Stocks, Funds and Real Securities, for others of the fame or the like Nature, and so from time to time as often as shall be deemed expedient, subject always nevertheless to the Truds thereof hereinbefore declared.

* XXV. And as to, for and concerning the Refidue of the Sur-

*	plus of the Monies which shall from time to time arise and be pro-

*	duced by every such Sale of Timber so to be cut down and felled

*	as aforesaid, after setting apart and appropriating so much thereof

*	as is herein directed to be let apart and appropriated for the Pur-

*	pofes aforesaid ;* Be it further enacted, That the said Trudees of this Aft for the time being shall apply all such residuary Monies in such Improvement and Melioration of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, or of some Part thereof, by Buildings, Reparation, Planting, Inclosure, Draining or otherwise, as the Trudees of this Aft for the time being, with the Confent of the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person or Pcrfons seised of or entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in PofTeflion, for the time being, or, in case of Infancy, his or their Guardian or Guardians for the time being, shall think mod proper ; or if the said Truf-tees for the time being, or a Majority of them, shall disagree with the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person or Persons so seised or entitled as aforesaid, or his or their Guardian or Guardians, about the manner of such Application, then as the Lord High Treasurer or the First Commifiioner of the Treasury for the time being shall, on a Reference to him by auy of the parties who shall so differ, by any Writing or Writings to be sealed and delivered by him, direct and appoint.

XxVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trudees for the time being of the said Marquis, or of the Person or Persons entitled for the time being to the Rents and Profits of the fa^d Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, with the Confent and Approbation of the Person or Perforts for the time being entitled in PofTeflion to the Rents and Profits of the said Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, such Confent and Approbation to be teflifiea by Writing under his, her or their Hand ana Seal, or Hands and Seals, and atteded by Two or more credible Witneffes, to convey by way of Sale or by Way of Exchange, for or in lieu of, or to feu any Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments before purchased, for the Purpofe of purchasing any other Freehold

16	Manors,

AJD.i8i2.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.4.	1	$

Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance, in Fee Simple in PoiTeffion, and to he tree from Incumbrances, and situate as aforesaid, all or any of such Manors,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons, and his or her Heirs or Affigns respectively, either together or in Pareels, for such Equivalent in Money, or in Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as to them the Trustees for the time being shall seem meet 5 and it shall be lawful for the Trustees, for the time being, and they are hereby required to lay out and invest the Purchafe Money which shall anse from every or any such Side, or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of other Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in PoiTeffion, free from Incumbrances, and situate as aforesaid, and in the mean time do and shall lay out and keep invested * in Public Stocks or Government Securities, in their Names, the Purchafe Money to be received as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchafe of other such Manors,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, and paying and applying the Interect, Dividends and Income thereof, to the Person who for the time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profis of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, if such Purchafe had actually been made, and when all or any of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, hereby made exchangeable as aforesaid, shall be so disposed of, and conveyed m exchange for or m lieu of any other such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and when aH or any other such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall have been purchased with Money ariiing from any such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Manors, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments so taken in Exchange or purchased, as last aforesaid, shall be well fettled, conveyed and allured to the Ufe of such Persons, and for such Estates, and under and subject to such Powers and Provifions as the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall by virtue of this Aft be so disposed of by way of Sale or in Exchange, would, under the Limitations in this Aft contained, have stood limited, if the fame had not been fold or exchanged; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Conveyance of all or any of the said Manors, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments hereby made saleable or exchangeable as aforesaid, shall have been made by way of Sale or in Exchange, and the respective Heirs and Affigns of loch Person and Persons, shall and may have, hold and etnoy the Hereditaments which shall by them respectively be purchased or taken in Exchange, freed ana absolutely discharged of and from all the Ufes, Estates, Charges,

Powers and Provifions hereby limited, expressed and declared of and concerning the fame Hereditaments (other than and except such Demifes or Leafes as shall have been previously made in pursuance of the Powers in that Behalf herein contained).

XXVII.	Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That of tp-upon the Death of any of them, the feid Right Honourable William E?in!:ln* ncw Wellejley Pole, and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian T ecfc Wellejley Doftor in Divinity, or of any Person or Persons who shall become a Truftee or Trustees under the Power of Appointment

herein

AJ).i8ia.

Three Trustees empowered to except im certain cafec.

Trustees empowered to appoint Persons to eft for them.

C. 4*	53*	GEO. m.

herein contained; and also in case they the (aid Right Honourable William WelUJles Pole, and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellejley Dodor in Divinity, or such new Truftee or Trustees who shall be appointed as herein mentioned* or any or either of them, shall desire to be difchaiged from or decline to a& in the Trufts in and by this Ad declared, then, and in every such case, and with all convenient Speed after the happening of every such case, the said Marquis of Wellington, or the Person or Perfooa who shall for the time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, then his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, witn the Confent in Writing of the First Commiffioner of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, by some Deed or Inftrument in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the (aid Marquis of Wellington, or the Person or Persons for the time being so entitled as aloresaid, or such his, her or their Guardian or Guardians as aforefiud, nominate any other Person or Persons to be a Truftee or Trustees in the room of the Truftee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or declining to ad as aforesaid; and such new Truftee and Trustees shall have and be invested with such and the fame Powers, in all respect as if he or they had been originally nominated a Truftee or Trustees in and by this Ad ; and after every such Appointment of a new Truftee or Trustees, such Conveyances and Ads shall be executed and done, as shall be requisite for veiling the Eftate and Interefl of and in all and singular the Truft Premifes in the continuing Trustees or Truftee (if any such there be) and such new Trustees or Truftee conjundly, to and for all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, or in such new Trustees or such new Truftee only, according to the Nature of the case; and in the mean time the Truft Premifes shall be and remain in the remaining Trustees thereof for the time being, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Adminiftrators of such Survivor, or his Heirs, according to the Nature of the Truft Premifes.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it (ban be lawful for any Three of the Trustees for the Purpofes of this Ad for the time being, to do and execute all such Ads, Matters and Things, in Execution of the Trust, as all the (aid Trustees respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to do, and the fame shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been done and executed by all the said Trustees respectively: Provided always, that in every such Ad, Matter or Thing, the said Lord High Treasurer, or First Com-miffioner of the Treasury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, shall be one; (ave and except as to any Jointures or Charges by this Ad allowed to be made on any Eftates purchased under this Ad, or as to the Cutting or Sale of any Timber, or Difpofition of any Monies arising therefrom.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the Houle of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commiffioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respectively for the time being, from time to time, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to appoint a Person to ad in all or any of the Trufts of this Ad, and eitner, under fuch

Exceptions

*7

A.D.i&ia.	53*	GEO. III.	C.4,5.

Exceptions and Reftri&ions as to such Speaker of the House of Commous, Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commiflioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the time being, shall seem meet, or without any Exception or Reftridion 5 and also from time to time to remove such Subflitute, and to appoint any other Person for the fame Purpofe ; and all things which mall be done by any Person so appointed as aforesaid, within the Compafs and during the Continuance of such his Appointment, shall be as valid and effectual for the Purpofes of this A61 as if such Things had been done by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Commiflioner of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who shall make such Appointment.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the time being of this Ad, or any of them, shall not be charged or chargeable with or accountable for any more of the Trull Monies and Preraifes than they shall respectively actually receive, or shall come to their respective Hands by virtue of the Trufts herein declared, nor with or for any Lofs which shall or may happen of the fame Truft Monies and Premises, or any Part thereof, lo as such Lofs happen without their wilful Negled or Default; and that it shall be lawful for the fame Trustees for the time being, and every of them, in the first place by and out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said Trusts, to dedud, retain to and re-imburfe themselves respectively, all such Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they shall respectively pay, bear, fullain, expend or be put unto, for or by reason or means of all or any of the said Trusts, Powers and Authorities, or the Management or Execution thereof, or any Ad, Tranfaction, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any wife howsoever relating thereto.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palTed in this Seflion of Parliament.

£$<<50(7.3. <.8.-52 G. 3. <.37.-53 G. 3. <133.]

CAP. V.

An A & to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Ad of the last Seflion of Parliament, for making more effectual Provi-fion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin \ for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for Haying Proceedings upon any Diltrefs by Tender of such Notes.	[22d	December	1812.]

* TT 7 HE REAS an Ad was made in the last Seflion of Par-9 W liament, intituled An A8 to continue, until Three Months 9 after the Commencement of the next SeJJron of Parliament, and amend 1 an A8 of the lajl SeJJton of Parliament (a), for making more cjfcdual 9 Provi/ion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from

(*) [&*J« G.$.c.ll7.]

C	1	being

Trustees anfwer* able only for Monies, &c. ac« tually come to their Hands.

Expences

allowed.

Ad altered, fce»

52 G. c.5©.

53 Gso. III.

(^.

AD. iff i*.

iff	C j, 6.	53#	GEO. m.

• being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value erf 9 such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and 9 Company of the hank of England from being received for any smaller 9 Sum than the Sum therein fbecified ; andforfaying Proceedings upon 9 any Difrefs by Tender offuck Notes ; and to extend the fame to 9 Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the (aid Aft (herald 9 be continued ;’ Be it therefore enacted br the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament continued. assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said A6t /hall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

5* G. 3. c.165. §5.

CAP. VI.

An A St to explain and amend an A £t passed in the Fifty second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A& for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England ; and to enlarge the Powers of the fame in certain cases.

[22d December 1812.3

WHEREAS by an Aft made and pa/Ted in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 9 A3 for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England, it it 9 enacted, amongst other things, that it should and might be lawful 9 for the Lord Chief Juftice oFthe Court of King’s Bench, the Lord 9 Chief Juftice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief 9 Baron of the Court of Exchequer respectively, to nominate and 9 appoint a Barrifter, and each of them was thereby required so to 9 do, for the Purpofe of taking into Confideration Applications in 9 cases of Imprifonment, where the Debt should amount to a Sum 9 exceeding Two thousand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the 9 fame, according to the Provifions of that Aft, under the Autho-9 rity of Rules to be made in the said Superior Courts, or by a 9 Judge’s Order at Chambers, where it should appear to them to be < just and fitting: And whereas since the palling of the said Aft, and 9 in pursuance thereof, the Lord Chief Juftice of the King’s Bench 9 has nominated and appointed Newman Knowlys Esquire, Barrifter * at Law, for the Purpofe above mentioned, and the Lord Chief 9 Juftice of the Common Pleas has nominated and appointed Vitru-9 vius Lawes Esquire, Barrifter at Law, for the like Purpose, and * the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer has nominated * and appointed Thomas Bridges Hughes Esquire, Barrifter at Law, * for the like Purpose; but certain Doubts have arisen how far the 9 Powers vested in the said Barrifters by the said Aft are at present * sufficient for efTeftuating the Objefts or the said Aft: And whereaa 9 it is expedient, as well for the removing of such Doubts as other-• wife, that full and sufficient Powers for the efTeftuating the Objefts * of the said Aft should be further specially conferred on the said ‘ Barrifters, and that the Confirmation or Allowance of the Relief to * be granted under the Authority of Rules to be made in the said 9 Superior Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, 9 or by a Judge’s Order at Chambers, as now required by the said 9 Aft, should be declared to be no longer required, and that the 9 Adjudication and Order of the said Barrifters relative to the fame,

13	9	(hould

A.D, rSia.

j3# GEO. HI.

G.&

*9

• ftoald be declared N> be final and conclnfive, in the manner herein-« after mentioned and provided;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con. drat of the Lorda Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That it shall and mar be lawful for the said Barrifters so nominated Barrifters *p-and appointed as aforesaid to take into Confideration such Appii- pointed in purVj cations as may be or shall already have been made to them by Infol-vent Debtors seeking to be discharged by the said A61 in cases of ch.irgT Iniolvent Imprifoument for Debt, where the Debt or Debts amounted or shall Debtors, amount to the Sum of Two thousand Pounds and upwards, and to release and discharge such Insolvent Debtors from such Debts, as to their Persons and Effe&s, according to the Provifions of the said a a, in cases where, in their Judgment, it shall appear to the said Barrifters to be just and fitting so to do.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Barriers to refer the said Barrifters, upon the Petition to them of any such Prisoner, quire the Bodies and on his or her leaving with the said Barrifters, or one of them, at °1 p.r,fo?*r.s m. his or their Place or Places of Refidence, a true Copy of a Schedule, c.mnties of1 * containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Per- MiddMex «nd fonal Estate, to be fwom to at the First Meeting of the said Bar- Surry, &c. to l»e lifters next after such Petition, by Warrant under their Hands and hr«u«ht bsfors Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or the Keeper or Gaoler of thcnu

any Prifon or Prifons within the Cities of London and lVeJlm\nJler%

Counties of Middlesex and Surry, or Borough of Southwark, to bring before the said Barrifters at such Place within the said Cities,

Counties or Borough, and at such time not exceeding Twenty Days from the Date of such Warrant as in the said Warrant shall be specified in that Behalf, the Body of any Person or Bodies of any Persons being in any Prifon or Prifon9 in the said Cities, Counties or Borough refpe&hrely, and charged with or detained by reason of any Debt or Debts, Damages or Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, amounting in the whole to Two thousand Pounds or upwards, with the Warrant or Warrants of his, her or their Detainer or Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes with which he, (he or they was or were charged in such Prifon, on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and subsequent thereto, which Warrant or Warrants of tbc said Barrifters every such Sheriffs or Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Prifoners in any Gaol in Prifonersin England, other than the Gaols hereinbefore mentioned, and who other Gaols tabs shall have been in Cuftody on the said Fifth Day of June One Broughtb^ thousand eight hundred and twelve, for any Debt or Debts, Damages, a ca$ orPw* Cofts, Sam or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of

Money, to the Amount of Two thousand Pounds or upwards, shall be at Liberty to apply to any of the Judges of His Majefty’$

Courts at IVeflminJler for, and the said Judges arc hereby authorized

and required to grant, a Writ of Habeas Corpus, to be directed to the

Keeper or Keepers of such Gaol, to bring any such Prisoner before

the said Barrifters, at such Time and Place as the said Judge or

Judges shall direct, on Proof being made by Affidavit to the Satis-

fa&ion of such Judge or Judges that such Prisoner hath petitioned	,

the laid Barrifters for Relief under this Ad according to the ProVi*

C 2	fionl

A.D.iSni.

a«

C.6.

S3* GEO. HI.

Barrifters may administer Oaths tg Witnefles.

Sons thereof, and upon a Certificate under the Hands of the (aid Barrifters that he or (he hath so done; which said Writ of Hmbear Corpus shall be served on the said Keeper of the said Gaol, or left at the said Gaol with any of the under Officers, under Keepers, or Deputies of such Gaoler or Keeper, and such Gaoler or Keeper shall (on Payment or Tender of the Charges of bringing the laid Rate of Travel. Prisoner before the said Barrifters at a Rate not exceeding Two Kog.	Shillings	per Mile, and on the said Prifoners depositing with the faid

Gaoler or Keeper the Charges of taking back the said Prisoner at the Rate aforesaid, in case the laid Prisoner shall be remanded by the said Barrifters, and which said Depofit the said Gaoler or Keeper is hereby required to return to the said Prisoner if he or (he shall be discharged by the said Barrifters) bring, or cause to be brought, the Body of the said Prisoner before the (aid Barrifters, according to the Exigency of the said Writ, together with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, and a Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes with which he or (he was charged in such Gaol on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and subsequent thereto.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Barrifters shall have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath or Oaths to any Perlbn or Persons appearing before them as Debtor or Debtors, or Witnefs or Witneffes, under this or the said recited Ad, and in Execution of the Powers of the said Ads, or of either of them, and to examine such Person or Persons touching all Things which they the said Barrifters shall think necessary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers committed to them by the (aid recited Ad or this Ad ; and that any Person or Persons who shall wilfully forswear himself or berself, in any Oath or Oaths to be taken before the said Barrifters under the Provifions of this or the said recited Ad, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Penury, and liable to all the Pains and Penalties thereof,

V.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Barrifters, upon the Hearing of the several Applications which shall from time to time be made to them for the Difcharge of such Debtors as aforesaid, if they shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath or Oaths taken by such Debtors refpec-tively, and shall be of opinion, under all the circumstances of their respective cases, that they are respectively fit and proper Persons to be discharged under the said recited Ad and this Ad, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Barrifters, to adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of the faia Ads 5

,	and	it	alfo	(hall and may be lawful to and for the said Barrifters, by

Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, in whose Cuftody such Debtors are respectively detained, forthwith to fet at Liberty such Debtors respectively whom they shall so adjudge to be entitled to the Benefit of the said recited Ad and of this Ad; and to remand into the Cuftody of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, any Debtor or Debtors whom they the said Barrifters shall deem not entitled to the Benefit of the said Ads, and also any Prisoner or Prifoners as to Debts for which there shall be any Commitment or Detainer against them subsequent to the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and such Order or Adjudication of Difcharge or Remand by the said Bar-Order final. riders shall be, and is hereby declared to be final and conelusive, the

Provifion

Perjury.

Barrifters may order Debtors to be discharged, or remand them into Cuftody.

A.D.i8ii.

C.6.

si9 gio. in.

4#

Provifion ip the (aid Aft lieretofore made, respecting the granting

of such Relief under the Authority of Rules to be made in the faid

Superior Courts, or by a Judge’s Order, to the contrary hereof not-

withftaoding, and which Provifion is hereby declared to be repealed;

subject nevertheless to forae one future Application to be made to the Future Applies-

said Barrifters for Relief under the said Aos, for the Removal of any tion*

Objeftion or Objeftions, in respect of which any Prisoner may have been remanded within One Year next after such Remand, m like manner and with and under the fame Notices and Regulations as are provided by the said recited Aft with respect to Prifoners remanded by the Court of Seffions of the Peace, on their first Application to be discharged; and eveiy such Order or Adjudication of the said Order Indem. Barrifters (nail be a sufficient Difcharge to the laid Sheriff or Sheriffs, nity against Ef-Gaoler or Gaolers, and shall indemnify him and them against any C,P«*

Efcape or Escapes, Aftion or Aftions for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them ; and the said Barrifters are also hereby indemnified from and against any Aftion or Aftions against them, any or either of them, for or in respect of any such Order or Adjudication, or the Execution thereof, or any thing done under the fame, or otherwise under the said recited , Aft or this Aft; and if any Aftion or Suit shall be brought against the said Barrifters, or any or either of them, against any Sheriff or Gaoler, or other Person or Persons, for any supposed Escape, Detainer or Imprifonment, or any other Matter or Thing done by them, or any or either of them, under this or the said recited Aft, he	1

6r they may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Aft and the • Sheriff, Ac. plead-Special Matters in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or j"j?^eucral discontinue his Aftion, or Verdift pass against him, or Judgment ue* upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble Cofts. Cofts.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the Eftate and Effefts of	Dj

such Debtors respectively, who shall or may be adjudged to be dif- bcfveaedTn ** charged by the said Barrifters, shall immediately after such Adjudica- clerk of the tion be, and the fame are hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Peace, &c. Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of the County, City or Place where such Debtors would be respectively discharged, and shall also be assigned, unto and for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors respectively, unto such Person or Persons as the said Barrifters shall, by Order in Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint, in such and the like manner, and with such and the like Remedies and Powers, and under and subject to the fame Obligations and Regulations, as are mentioned in the said recited Aft with respect to Prifoners discharged by the Court of Seffions, and the Alignment and Difpofal of their Eftate and Effefts; and that the future Eftate and Effefts of fuchDebtors or Prifoners, who shall be so discharged by the said Barrifters, shall also be liable to Creditors, in such and the like manner as is provided by the said recited Aft with respect to Prifoners discharged by the (aid Court of Seffions; and that all and every other the Powers, Provisions,

Clauses, Articles and Things in the said Aft contained, which are applicable or intended to be applied to Prifoners discharged or applying to be difchaxged by the said Court of Seffions, and which are not expressly repealed or altered by this Aft, shall be and remain, and the fame are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effest,

C 3	and

n

A.D.i8i*~

C. 4,7.	53°	GEO.HL

and to be applicable t9 and to be applied u my become necessary to Cafes of Prifboers discharged or applying to be discharged under this Aft by the said Barrifters so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in as foil and ample a manner, and with the fame Benefits, Privileges and Advantages, and with the fame Penalties, Forfeitures and Dif-abilities, as if the fame had been federally and respectively repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

49O.3. c. 7.

4*0.3. c.3.§x.

5*0.3. e.47.

$x.

49 G. 3. c.7. continued.

Hb Majesty, after Od. 1. l8i3, may, by Proclamation, p*» mit Diftilla-fioo of Spirits strom Com kc (except Wheat), and may also extend Prohibition.

cap. vn.

An Aft to continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to suspend the Importation of Bri~ tUb or lrijb-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to continue the Duties on Worts or Wafti made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland.	[22d December 1812.3

1 YT7HEREAS it is expedient that an Ad made in the Forty 4 W ninth Year of the Reign of His prefentMajefty, intituled 4 An AS to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Gram 4 in the United Kingdom, for a limited Timc> and which by an Aft 4 made in the last Session of Parliament was revived and continued 4 until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred

*	and twelve, so far as relates to Great Britain, and by another Aft 4 made in the last Seflion of Parliament was revived and continued

*	until the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight 1 hundred and twelve, so far as relates to Ireland, should be further < continued for a limited time within the whole of the United King* 4 dom Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the laid Tecited Aft of the Forty ninth Year shall he and the fame i« hereby further continued, and (nail remain and continue in force in and through the Whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and freland, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. Provided always, and be h further enacted, That in case at any time after the First Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. His Majesty mall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Warn from Corn or Grain for Diftillation, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, shall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ to permit the Diftillation of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Com or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Floor or Bran, then and in fttch case it (ball

be

C^

JLD»i8i2.

53® CIO. HI.	C.f.	23

be lawful witbk Great Britain for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be HTued by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, or by His Majefty’s Order in Couneil, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being within Ireland, by Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Couneil, to be published from time to time in the Dublin Gazette, to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons (but not any particular Person or Persons) at any time or times not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation •r Order in Council in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to make W0K8 or Waflt for Dift illation, and to distil Spirits from Oats, Barley, or aav other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from any Malt,

Flour or Bran, or in case His Majesty, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, at any time after the said First Day of OSober One thoufaad eight hundred and thirteen, shall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of Great Britain or Irelandrespectively, further to continue the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Graia, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty in Great Britain, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being in Ireland, by Proclamation or Proclamations, to be ifTued by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland refpettively, or by Order in Couneil, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, or in the Dublin Gazette, as the case may require, to continue in and throughout Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned 5 that is to fay, that in and throughout such Part of the United Kingdom as shall be named and specified in any such Proclamation or Order of Council during the Continuance of such Prohibition, no Worts or Wafh for Diftillation shall be made, and no Spirits shall be distilled from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame.

1 III. And whereas an A& was made in the said Forty ninth 49 0.3. c.8.

4 Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An AS to 4 Ml*** Importation of British or \nfti-made Spirits into Great

*	Britain or Ireland refpeSively, until the First Day of June One

4 thousand eight hundred and nine, which A (ft was further continued 49 &*3* c.toj,

4 by another A& passed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and was

•	alfo further continued by .an A & made in the Fiftieth Year of the 50Q.3.C.5. *3. 4 Reign of His prefect Majesty, and was further continued by an A€t 5* 0.3. c.3.14. 4 made in the last Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that all

4 the Provifions for preventing the Importation of Briti/b or Irijb-4 made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively should be 4 further continued Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers 49	c***

and Provifions in the said A& intituled as last aforesaid contained continue<1# (except as far as respects the Remiffion of the Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or Ireland refpec-

C 4	tively*

AJXitia

€.7,8.	53’	GEO.	HI.

lively, within a time therein limited), stall continue and be la force from the Commencement of this A&, until Four Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time which shall or may be fixed under the Authority of this Ad for prohibiting the DiftiU htion of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain.

IV.	And be it declared and enacted. That two fereral Ads made in the last Session of Parliament, the one intituled An A8 to revive and continue until the Thirty Jirjl Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so muck of an A8 made in the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Dijlillation of Spirits from Com or Grain in the United Kingdom as relates to Great Britain, and to revive and continue another A8 made in the Forty ninth Tear aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of Britifli or Ynu\-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpcQivcly, and for granting certain Duties om Worts or Wajb made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Dijlillatiom from Corn or Grain in Great Britain ; and the other intituled An A8 to grant an Encife Duty on Spirits made or dijlilledfrom Sugar in Ireland during the Prohibition of Di/lillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excife Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Extort thereof, and the fereral Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted, and the Regulations therein contained shall be and continue in force during the Continuance of this Ad, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, except so far only as the fame are altered or repealed by this Ad.

Aft altered, kc. V. And be it further enacted. That this Ad and the Ads hereby continued, may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ada to be made in this present Sefiion of Parliament.

C A F. VIII.

An Ad for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation into and Exportation from Great Britain of Spanifi Red Wine, and for granting others in lieu thereof.

[22d December 1812.J

49	G.3. c.98.	« TTrHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks

*	VV of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into and Exporta*

*	tion from Great Britain of Spanijh Red Wine should be repealed,

‘ and that other Duties and Drawbacks should be iropofed and

*	allowed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par*

Duties, &c. on liament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from SpuiHh Red and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred tfte"^anuar 3 an<* t^1'rtecn* t^ie ^ut*e8 and Drawbacks of Cuftoms payable by *8n, New Du- kaw upon SpanUh Red Wine imported into Great-Britain do cease ties in Table. and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and that from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, the several Duties of Cuftoms on Spani/b Red Wine imported into Great Britain, as the fame are respectively inserted,

described

Exception. S*Q. 3. c 3.

$aG.3. c.61. continued.

AJXiSix.	530 GEO. III.	C.8.

deforibed and fct forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed* marked A.* and that there shall be paid or allowed on the Exportation of such Wine the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Cuftom, as the fame are also respectively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the laid Table i Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of such Wine to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof, in case such Importers, Proprietors or Confignees shall lodge and secure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Mereliant, in Warehpufes in the Port of London% under the Regulations of an A A palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefen t Majeity, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, or in Warehoufes at the Out Ports, under the Regulations of an Ad palled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to authorize the Lords CommiJRoners of His MajeJly*s Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned,

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and no other shall be charged and payable on any of the said Wine which having been warehoused or otnerwife secured under the Authority of any Ad of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame shall have been lodged or secured for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, not with Handing the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

III.	And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of the Cultoms in England for the time being ; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Com-miffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cufioms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed again It or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafliug of this Ad, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall be in full force and etfed as to the said Duties -as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at laiwe repeated and re-euaded in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necelTary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame respectively excepted, shall from time to

time

*5

Wine waro-houfed under

43G.3-e.13*.

or

45 G. 3. c.87.

Duties ptid on Winetdtenoutof Warehoufe after January 5.1813.

Duties under

Commiffioncrsof

Cuftoms.

Duties how levied.

Duties paid into Exchequer*

a6

A St &tred,8c c.

51 O.3.C.Z1S.

I*

C.1,9.	53° GEO. ID.	AD.t8T2.

time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejtmin-ftery and shall be appropriated and applied in the Came manner *6 the Duties imposed by the said recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Ads to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE to which this Aft refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation of Spanifh Red Wine into Great Britain.

WINE, SPANISH RED,

»	-	- imported in a Britifh-built'

Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -. • . not imported in a Britifh-‘ built Ship, the Tun > containing 252 Gallons. 1 • - -exported to any Britifh' Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or PofTeflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, t he T u n con-Mining 252 Gallons J - - - exported to any other Place, the Tun con tabling 252 Gallons

1

Permanent.

Duty.

£. t. d.

♦3 > —I

46 6 —|

Drawback.

Temporary or

WarDuties.

£. s. d.

£. /. <L

39 I* —

36 is —

CAP. IX.

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Malt.	[22d	December	i8i2»]

4 YT7HEREAS by an Aft, made in the Fifty second Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AQ for better * securing the Duties on Malt, it is enacted, that no Maltfter or 4 Maker of Malt, haring wetted or begun to wet any Corn or 4 Grain to be made into Malt, shall continue the fame or any Part 4 thereof, in steep or covered with Water, for any longer Space of

‘ time

A.D.i8i2.

53* GEO. III.	C.9.	tj

4 time than Fifty fife Hours from the time of its being first begun to

*	be wetted: And whereas it is expedient to allow any Maimer or

*	Maker of Malt, haring so wetted or begun to wet any Corn or 4 Grain to be made into Malt, to continue tne whole thereof in fleop € and covered with Water, for the Space of Sixty five Hours, under,

€ subject and according to the Rules and Regulations, hereinafter 4 mentioned ;’^Be it therefore enabled by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the passing Nodes ef fteep*

of this Ad, where any Maltfter or Maker of Malt /hall, m the ingofMtk.

Notice in Writing by such Maltfter or Maker of Malt given or caufed

to be giveo to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey such Maltfter

or Maker of Malt shall then be, of the particular Hour or Time of

the Day when he or (he intends to wet Corn or Grain to be made

into Malt, specify that it is the Intention of such Maltfter or Maker

of Malt to continue the fame in steep for the Space of Sixty fire Hours

from the time of its being first begun to be wetted, it shall and may

be lawful to and for such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, who shall have

wetted such Corn or Grain according to such Notice, to continue the

lame in steep and covered with Water for the said Space of Sixty

five Hours; any thing in the said Ad contained to the contrary in

any wife notwithftandjng.

II.	Provided always nevertheless, that no Maltfter or Maker of Tuns of be*m-Malt, having so as aforesaid specified such his or her Intention, shall ning to steep, or begin to wet or steep any such Corn or Grain specified in such Notice ®”*11 ** to be by him or her intended to be continued in steep for the said Space of Sixty five Hours at any other time than between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Eleven at Night; and any such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, having so a6 aforesaid specified such his or her Intentioo, shall be at Liberty to begin to wet or steep, and to wet or steep any such Corn or Grain so specified to be intended to be continued in steep for the said Space of Sixty five Hours, at any time between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Eleven at Night 5 any thing in any former Ad to the contrary in any wife notwith-standing; and no such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall empty or take any such Com or Grain from or out of his or herCistem, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil used for the wetting or steeping thereof, at any other time than between the Hours of One and Four in the Afternoon; and if any such Maltfter or Maker of Malt having so as aforesaid specified such his or her Intention, and having wetted or begun to wet any such Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, shall neglect or refuse to continue the fame or any Part thereof in steep or covered with Water for any longer or shorter Space of Time than Sixty five Hours, from the time of its being first begun to be wetted, or shall begin to wet or steep any such Corn or Grain at any other time than between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Eleven at Night, or shall empty or take any such Corn or Grain from or out of his or her or their Cistem, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil, and for the wetting or steeping thereof, at any other time than between the Hours of One and Four in the Afternoon of that Day on which such Sixty five Hours shall expire, then and in every such case the Maltfter or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Penalty. Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

• III. And

^

28

C9,10.

53’GEO.IIL

53 G. 3. c.n8.

§ x.

Securing Accefi to Officers to guage Citterns.

Aft altered, See.

* III. And whereas by the laid Aft it is enacted, That every

*	Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall crest, make and construct every « Cittern by him, her or them, intended to be used for the wetting ‘ or (teeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, in such Manner

*	and Form that any Officer or Officers of Excife may easily, (afely

*	and securely have Accefs to the fame, and conveniently gauge in any

*	Part of Two Sides of such Cittern the Corn or Grain which shall at

*	any time be contained therein, under the Penalty of Two hundred ‘ Pounds: And whereas by means of the Ladder and moveable Plank 1 mentioned in the said Aft, any Ciitem may be accurately gauged r although not more than One Side of such Ciitem be accessible, and

*	it is therefore expedient to make the Provifion in the Behalf here-

*	inafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, no Maltlter or Maker of Malt shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty, who shall provide such Ladder and such moveable Plaok, and shall also so construct his, her or their Ciitem or Citterns, if more than One, so that the (aid moveable Plank may be laid across every such Ciitem in every Part thereof, in such a Manner and Form that any Officer or Officers of Excife may easily, safely and securely have Accefs to such Cittern and Citterns respectively, and conveniently gauge in everj Part thereof the Corn or Grain which shall at any time be contained in such Cittern and Citterns respectively, notwithstanding only One Side of such Cittern or Citterns, as the case may require, may be accessible, provided such Side shall be freely accessible throughout the whole Length thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be patted in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. X.

An Aft for charging an additional Duty on Rice imported into Great Britain.	[22d December 1812.3

€ TT J HERE AS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Cuttoms € VV should be imposed on the Importation into Great Britain of * Rice}’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected ana paid to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succettors, an additional Duty of Cuttoms of Ten Shillings on every One hundred Weight of Rice imported into Great Britain, except such as shall be directly imported from any of the Poffeffions of the East India Company or from any British Colony or Plantation : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of such Rice to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof, in case such Importers, Proprietors or Confignees shall lodge and secure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Mereliant, in Warehoufes in the Port of Warehoufed un- London, under the Regulations of an Aft patted in the Forty third der 43 0.3.	Year of the Reign of fiis present Majesty, intituled An A8 for per-

mitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in

Wartbouf*

49 G. 3. c- 98-

Duty on Rice imported.

Prorifo.

c. 133.

Googk

A^D. 181 A*

53° GEO. m.

C.io.

29

Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, or in Warehoufes at the Out Ports, under the Regulations of an Ad passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to authorize the Lords Commtffioners of His Majejlfs Treasury to permit certain Articles to be wareboufed in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties ubon the Articles therein mentioned.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duty of Cuftoms shall be charged and payable on any Rice which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Ad of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe or Place where the fame (nail have been lodged or secured, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, notwithstanding such Rice may have been imported into Great Britain, before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

III.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Ad imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duty of Cuftoms by this Ad imposed shall be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner, and by the fame ways, means and methods, as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and fub-jed to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftric-tions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures, for any Offence whatever committed agairift or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Ad made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall be in full force and effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time anting from the said Duties, and necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpedivelv excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejhninfter, under the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms, and shall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the permanent Duties imposed by an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

Rice taken out of Warehoufe after Jan. 5. 1813, to pay Duty although imported before that Day.

Duties under Commiflioners of Cuttoms.

Duties how levied.

Monies paid into Exchequer.

490.3. c.98.

A£t altered, Jtc.

CAP.

v^ooQie

C.II, 12.

53* GEO. in.

AD.181I

4J G. 3. c. 69. Sch.C.Dr&wb»ck.

Drawback on Chocolate ex-ported.

Regulations of *1 G.3. c.55.

obferved.

CAP. XI.

An Aft for allowing an additional Drawback on Chocolate exported.	[22d	December	181 2.]

* TT T HERE AS it h expedient to allow an additional Drawback € W on Chocolate exportedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, froa and after the palling of this Adi, there shall be paid and allowed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate made in Great Brit mm of Cocoa Nuts which shall have been imported into Great Britain^ and for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, an additional Drawback of One Shilling and Twopence.

II. And be it further enacted. That the said additional Draw* back shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excife i>y Law imposed for or in respect of Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Aft made in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third ; among other things, for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof, or by any other A& or A&s of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Chocolate on Drawback.

CAP. XII.

46 G. 3. C.XXI.

Order in Council SecUred valid.

An Aft for indemnifying such Persons as have advised or acted tinder an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the West Indies, and for permitting such Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

[22d December 1812.]

WHEREAS for the necessary Supply of the British West India Istands, and of the Lands and Territories to rfis 4 Majesty belonging on the Continent of South America, it has been 4 deemed expedient, by Order in Council bearing Date the Twenty ‘ sixth Day of OBobcr One thousand eight hundred and twelve, 4 to permit, till the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight 4 hundred and thirteen, the Importation and Exportation of certain 4 Articles in other Ships and Veflels than thole allowed for fuck 4 Importation and Exportation, by an Aft passed in the Forty sixth « Year of His present Majefty’* Reign, intituled An AB for autho-4 riziug His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War and 4 for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace% 4 the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities 4 in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty*s Territories in the 4 West Indies and Continent of South America; which Order and • every thing therein contained ought under the present circum* * fiances to be jufttfied and made good in Law 5’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice

A.D.x8i2.

53* GEO. IIL	C.	12* 13,14.	jt

Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Order and every thing therein contained fhaU be deemed and taken to be valid in Law, and shall continue to be carried into Execution, and that all Persons ad riling or acting under the said Order shall be and they are hereby fully indemnified for the fame.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, firom and after the palling Extended to tm-of this Alt, the Importation and Exportation of Articles, Goods armed Veflels and Commodities enumerated in the said Order in Couneil, may be not Mottling made in any unarmed Ship or Vcflel not belonging to France, or to 19 France* the Subje&s or Inhabitants thereof, or of any Port or Place annexed to the Territories of France, until the Thirtieth Day of June One thonfand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer.

Poft. c.67.]

CAP. XIII.

An Ad for authorizing the Afliftant Secretary to the Poft-mafter General to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty on Poftage. [22d December 1812.]

4 TT T HE REAS it is expedient that the Afliftant Secretary to the

*	W Poftmafter General should be authorized to fend and receive

*	Letters and Packets by the Poft free from Poftage Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with theAdvice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the paffincr of this Ad, it shall AffiftaatSecre* be lawful for the Afliftant Secretary to the Poftmafter General for tary roay f«* the time being to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Poft LetterTfree free from the Duty of Postage, in the fame manner as the Secretary froJ^Poftaje. to the Poftmafter General for the time being is authorized by Law to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

CAP. XIV.

An Ad to explain so much of Two Ads, for regulating His Majefty’s Houfehold and other Purposes, as relates to the Powers of the Commiflioners for the Care and Management of His Majefty’s Real and Perfonal Eftate.

[22d December 1812.]

4 XTTHEREAS an Ad palled in the Fifty lirft Year of His 5*6.3. c.x.

*	VV present Majesty, intituled An AS to provide for the Admi-

* niflration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hit Majesty*s 4 Royal Person during the Continuance of His Majesty* s Illnest; and 4 for the Refumbtion of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by Hit

4 Majesty : And whereas an Ad palled in the Fifty second Year of 5* 6.3. c. I.

4 Kis present Majesty, intituled An AS for the Regulation of Hie 4 Majesty*s Houfehold, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet 4 the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during 4 His Majesty* s Indifpofttion ; andfor the Care of His Majesty* s Real 4 and Perfonal Property ; and to amend an AS jf the lajt SeJJion of

* Parliament, to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority

* during

3*

AD.i

Lands or Tenements belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Crown not under Commiffiooers.

Aft altered, kc.

continued.

C.14,15.	53*	GEO.	HI.

*	during His Majejtyt lllnefs : And whereas Commiffiooers

*	been appointed under the said last recited A£l, for the Car

*	Management of His Majedy’s Real and Perfonal Estate:

4 whereas it was not intended by the said lad recited AA tha

*	Majedy’s Fore ft* or Parks, or any Part thereof which have 4 ufea and cultivated as Farms by His Majedy, should be j ‘ under the Care, Controul and Management of the said C01 4 fioners; but Doubts have arisen as to the Powers of the said 4 miflioners in respect thereof, and it is therefore expedieni 4 such Doubts (bouid be removed / Be it therefore declared ai acted, by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with th vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and mons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Author the fame. That nothing in the said lad recited Adi contained be deemed or condrued to ved in, or place under the Ca Management or Controul of the Commissioners for the time appointed for the Care of His Majedy’s Real and Perfonal 1 under the Provifions of the said recited A&, any Royal I Fored or Park, or any Lands or Tenements belonging tc Majedy in Right of the Crown of this Realm, or making 1 any Royal Fored or Park, although the fame may hav< used and occupied by His Majedy before His Indifpofii Farms for His private Ufe; any thing in the laid recited A either of them, to the contrary noiwkUdanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be 2 amended or repealed by any Ad or Adis to be passed in this of Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Adi for continuing to His Majedy certain Dut Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; ; Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Edates in England s f Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and tl

Qaad December

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Msgedy’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjedls tl mous of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and in Parliament afTembled, towards railing the necefiary Su] defray Your Majedy’s public Expences, have freely and vo resolved to give and grant unto Your Majedy, the Rates, Di Impositions, hereinafter mentioned: And do mod humbly Your Majedy, that it may be enacted ; and be it ena&e< King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice ant of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the far within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Duty upon all Malt which, in and by One A& of Parliament paf Fird Year of His Majedy’s Keign, intituled An A3 for and granting to Hit Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, M\ and Perry, for the Service of the Tear One thousand feve and fxty one, was granted or continued to His Majesty Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundrea

A.D.i8iz,	53° GEO. III.	C15.	3|

two, and which by several fubfecjuent Afts has from time to time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be further continued in like manner, and shall be and is by this Aft charged for or upon all Malt which shall be made withiu that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thou? land eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Duties paid m within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain Scotland for called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, coliested, paid and fatis-

lied, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succelfors, for and upon all Malt, the Duty hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay: For and upon every Bufhcl of Malt which at any time or times, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be made of Barley or any other Com or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the fame shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three pence, and so propor-. tionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective How Duties m Duties by this Aft granted and continued respectively, until the Malt Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his

Heirs and SuccefTors, during the time and Term aforefaia, by the fame ways, means and methods, and by such Rules and Direftions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionally, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with lucb Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all Refpests, not otherwise directed by this Aft, as are prescribed, mentioned or expressed in the said former Aft, or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament thereby referred unto^ or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted, or continued or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the railing, levying, collesting, securing and managing such Duties ; and that the lame Aft formerly made and Former ABm paired, and the said other Afts hereby referred unto, as for and con- continued, cerning the said Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Clause,

Matter and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force and not otherwise altered by this Aft, shall be and continue m force and efifest, to all Intents and Pur-poses, for railing, levying, collesting, securing and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Impolitions hereby granted and continued refpec-tively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Aft, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Aft; save and except as to so much of the said Exceptien. Afts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commissioners of Excife, or to any other Person or Persons therein named, in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any rerfon or Persons for the Duties of 53 Geo. Iu,	D	fuch

A.D.i8i2.

C.15.	53* GEO. HI.

such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her or them, by the said Ads or either of them 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 IV. And whereas it it the true Intent and Meaning of this pre-

*	fent Ad, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds

•	of lawful Money of (treat Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences 4 of Management and Colledion, shall be railed out of that Part of

*	Great Britain called Scotland', for the Service of the Year One thou-

•	land eight hundred and thirteen, by a Malt Tax to be raised and 4 levied as in England, by a Duty of Three pence per Dulhel on all 4 Malt made and consumed in Scotland ; and in case the said Duty of 4 Three pence per Bufhel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by 4 virtue of this Ad, being duly surveyed and collected, shall not be 4 sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty

•	thoufand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Dedudions i whatsoever, that then such Deficiency shall be made good by a Sur-4 charge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great 4 Britain called Scotland, in Proportion to the Malt they shall refpec-4 tively make between the Twenty third Day of June One thou-

*	fand eight hundred and thirteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of Money riifed in * June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen \9 Be it therefore Scotland; if De- enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after thfc Twenty fourth ficiency, an addi- £>ay of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in case it

^ut7* shall appear to the Commiflioners of Excife for the time being in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland by this Ad granted as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said lad mentionjd Commiflioners of Excife, and the Officers uoder them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Person and Persons who '	(hall	have	made	any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land9 within the Year ending the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or (o much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons proportional Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the respective Colledors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Persons on whom the fame shall be so made, within One Month after the fame shall be so surcharged, or in Default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall Fouiky.	forfeit	Treble	the Sum upon him, her or them respectively furcharged

as aforesaid, to be recovered in such manner as the Duty of Three pence ter Bufhel may be recovered by virtue of this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament hereinbefore recited or referred unto,

» which said Surcharge byway of additional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (it any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and fettled as fol-loweth ; that is to fay, as the particular Quantity of Malt made by each such Maltfter or Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the said Year ending the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred ana fourteen shall bear Proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the fame Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Maltfter or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency shall bear Proportion

(^.ooQLe

3$

A.D.181a.

53° GEO. III.

C. 15.

tion to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as afore-laid.	'

V.	Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority afore- Surplu«ofPuti«s laid* That if the said Rate of Three pence per Buftiel shall produce a #pp*»ed toFiflw-greater Sum than the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds char of Ilet ,n •ootltnd* all Charges of Management, the said Surplufagefo produced over and

febove the said clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fi(heries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland* as may molt conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Ufe, Intent or Purpofe whatsoever, in such manner as directed by an Aft, palled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His *3 0.x. c-jo. late Majesty King George the First, intituled An AQ for encou-raging and promoting Fijheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enacted, That iu all cases where Aft to relit#

the hereinbefore recited Aft of the First Year of His present Majefty’s t0 •ame Day «*• Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which com- 1	*3*

menced from the Twenty third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and (ixty one, this present Aft doth and shall relate to the like

Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

VII.	A.nd it is hereby further enaftedN by the Authority aforesaid, Malt brought That all Malt made in Scotland not to be consumed there, which at from Scotland any time or times between the Twenty third Day of June One thou- entered, or fur-fand eight hundred and thirteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be brought into Eng-land, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the fame shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the fame shall be so brought into England, Wales Or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, and the Sum of Six pence per Bulhel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before lauding thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three pence per Bufhel in Scotland ; and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Three pence per Bulhel, by virtue of this Aft, for such Malt so brought into England; and in case the fame be brought by Land, such Malt shall pass and be carried by and: through the Towns of Berwick or Carlijle% and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried, and the like Duty of Six pence per Bufhel for the fame shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than Three pence per Bufhd by virtue of this Aft, on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value Pewit/, thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or Payment of the Duties as aforesaid; and in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotlandy or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall Penalty* be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife for His Majefty’s Ufe, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to The King’s Majesty, and the other Moiety thertof to such Perfon

Da	or

A.D.1812.

sf

Allowance to Maltfters for Graiu made into Malt.

Malt shipped for Exportation, and relanded, forfeited.

Steeping* of Malt for Exportation kept separate till me** fared.

Penalty.

Notice to Officers for taking Malt off Kilns.

C.i if	53*	GEO.	III.

or Persons at shall inform, seize or sue for the fame, or the Vahi* thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such ways, means and methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any of the former A&s relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Adion of Debt or upon the Cafe, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefimmjler, wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, there shall be allowed to Maltfters and Makers of Malt, .for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in cases where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the fame shall be dried and mad* into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting or watering the fame, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the laid Thirty Quarters.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if after the (hipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such case all the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof shall be forfeited ; that is to fay. One Moiety thereof to The King, and the other Moiety to the Person or Perfoos who shall seize, inform or sue for the fame ; and such Malt, so relanded, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

< X. And whereas Maltfters and Makers of Malt for Exportation

*	do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Steepings of Corn 4 or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Expor-

*	tation, on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reafou

•	whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the 4 real Produce thereof, by which means great Quantities of each

•	Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and 4 made ule of for Home Confumption, though the fame has not been 4 charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Confumption 4 ought to beBe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, all and every Maltfter or Maltflers, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Com or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the fame shall be on the Kiln, or after the fame shall he taken off the Kiln, feparatt and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the fame shall have been measured by such Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of foroe Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on pain of forfeiting and lo&ng the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, all such Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officer^ of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at th* iz	next

A.D.i8ix.

53rGEO. III.	C.i$.	i7

next Office of Excife where the Journal is kept, of the Hour wheh he, (he or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of fuchMalt ; and after such Malt has been measured, the fame shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or elfe shaft be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehoufe or other Place belonging to such Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Penalty. Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, Th&t, CLndeftioelv from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand opening Locks of eight hundred and thirteen, if any such Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatfo-ever, by his Order, Privity or Direction, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehoufe or other Place or Places in manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any way or kind of Entrance into such Storehoufe or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehoufe or Place, and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehoufe or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that ha3 been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Confcnt of, or without (irft having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, (he or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehoufe or other Place or Places to be exported, has been really exported, be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltfter or Maltfters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehoufe or any ather Place or Places as is before directed to be exported,

shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, remove and clear out of his Storehoufe or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof that at any time after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be locked up and secured in such Storehoufe or other Place in order to be exported, and shall always from time to time, in every Fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehoufe or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any time within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping

of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and lofmg the Sum of Penalty.

Fifty Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, Time for dear-from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand ingout Store-eight hundred and thirteen, all and every Person or Persons whatfo- houses limited, ever that shall become Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation,

and shall make use of any Storehoufe or Storehouses, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months

D 3	after

aioreoouiee.

Penalty.

Storehoufes of

V/f ilr fnr Frnnvta

A

A.T). i8i2*

3*	C. i$.	53* GEO. HI.

after the* beginning to make use of any such Storehoufe pr Store-houses, or such other Place or Places^ remove and clear out of such Places to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any time or times shall have been put into such Place or Places within Fifteen Months after he, (he or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from time to time remove and clear out of such Storehoufe or other Place to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall at any time be locked up and fe-cured in such Storehoufe or Stoiehouses, or any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Penalty.	Fifty Pounds.

Recovery of Pe- XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That rulties.	all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this

Aft, so far as the fame relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated by the fame Ways, Mcan9 and Methods as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excife upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors can or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, and that One Moiety of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

58G.J. e. 60.	«	XVI. And whereas by an Aft passed in the Thirty eighth Year

9 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for making 9 perpetual, fubjeQ to Redemption and Pur chafe in the Manner therein 9 fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as 9 a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March 9 One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, the several and refpec-4 tive Sums of Money granted to Your Majesty, by a Land Tax,

*	for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety 4 eight, which were or should be charged on any Manors, Meffuages,

*	Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are, after 9 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety nine, continued and made perpetual with a Provifion that the 4 several Sums of Money charged upon Eftates in ready Money,

4 Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Pcrfonal Estates, or upon 4 any Person or Persons in respect of any Public Office or Employ-4 ment of Profit in the said Aft mentioned, should, after the Twenty

*	fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine,

*	be ascertained, levied, collected and paid according to the pirec-Time for levying * tions of any Aft or Afts to be passed for that rurpofe ;* Be it Rate* limited. therefore enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money

which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Per-38 G.3. c.5.	fonal Eft ate, by virtue of an Aft palled in the Thirty eighth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for granting an Aid to His MajeJly by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and which were not authorized to be fold in and by another Act made 3<>G.g,c.6o. an(j passed in the fame Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An A8 for making perpetual> fubjc8 to Redemption and Pur chafe in the Manner

therein

A*D* 18-i 2*

53° GEO. III.	C.	i j.	89

therein fated\ the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear% from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety eighty and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited A& made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, in refpe6t of * any Public Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Penfions,

Stipends or other Annual Payments, shall be continued and raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and shall be ascertained, assessed and taxed in such manner and form as are hereinafter expressed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sum charged on Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue Perfonal Eftates of the said recited A A made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present **7	3-

Majefty’s Reign on Perfonal Eftates as aforesaid, shall be and are ^ ParilhMand hereby fet and imposed on the several and respective Pariihes, Con- raised on Estates, ilablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places, wherein the fame have kc. been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said lait mentioned A& ; and that, towards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Pariihes, Con liable wick;,

Divisions, Allotments and Places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy in refpedfc of such Perfonal Eftate as aforesaid, all and every Person and rerfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the fame Pari(hes, Conftablewicks, Divisions,

Allotments and Places respectively, having any Eftate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Eftate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Perfonal Eftate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in Truft for them (except and out of the Premifes deducted such Sums as he, (he or they do bona fide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged de-fperate by the respective Commiflioners appointed by this Act; and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Houfehold Stuff; and also except such Loans and Debts a9 are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Person or Persons) shall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is pouible by a Pound Rate ; that is to fay, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

Chattels or other Perfonal Estate, and fo'for any lc(Ter or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Adi fet or imposed, or intended to be fet or imposed, for and upon all and every such Pariihes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid ; so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Perlonal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Adi, the full and entire Sums hereby fet or imposed, or intended to be fet and imposed in England, Wales and Berwick as aforesaid, upon the said Perfonal Estates, shall be completely and effcdually taxed, assessed, levied and collected, and shall be paid into Exchequer, pai* the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer by Four Quarterly Pay- into, ments, the First Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

6	D	4	XVIII. And

A.D. i8i 2.

Cij.	530 GEO. III.

Offices tnd Era- XVIII. And fee it further enacted, That, for and towards railing-ployments rated the several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons in by laid A£l, to respect of public Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every-P*v *be ^ate Person and Persons, and all and every Commiffioner and Commilfioner* a e t ereon. j)avjng> using or exercising any Public Office or Employment of Profit in England\ Wales or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall 38 G.3. c.5. be rated or assessed by virtue of an Adt palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand/even hundred and ninety eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Siibftitutes and other inferior Minifters whatsoever (fuch Military Officers who are or shall be in Muller by the Mugler Mailer General of His Majefty’s Army, or in Pay in His Majetly’s Army or Navy in respect of such Offices only excepted), shall yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, f$G. j. e,J* by virtue of the said Adi pasted in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land lax to be raised in Gn at Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight ; and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds and Fraternities, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having an Annuity, Penlion, Stipend or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England^ or out of any Branch of His Mujefty’s Revenue in Great Britain, or payable or secured to he paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Afleflment made upon Lands, Teiuments or 38 G.3. c.5. Hereditaments mentioned in the said Adi palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments winch, by any Adt or Acls of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids), shall yield and pay unto His Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, |Pen-fion, Stipend or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied and colledied, in such manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

CcmmiflioneTsof XIX, And be it further enacted, That, for the better aftesting, l and Tax ap- ordering, levying and colledling of the several Sums of Money so as b-v lad aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the afore-and 49 0.3* c°fc ^art Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon to put this Adi in Tweedy in respect of Perfonal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Ea edition. Employments of Profit and Annuities, Penlions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and, for the more effectual putting this Adi in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons who in and by an Adi of Parliament, made and pasted in the Forty eighth Year of His Majeily’s Reign, intituled An A3 for appointing Commijfioners for carrying into Execution an Aft of this

Sejfton

A.D. 1812.

53° GEO. HI.	C.	15.	,jf

Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty hy a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thou-fand fven hundred and ninety eight ; or in and by one other A & made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for rectifying Mifakes in the Names of the Commif-Ji oners appointed by an A cl of the lajl Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Ad of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His present Majesty for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of toe Tear One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety eight, and for anointing other Commissioners together <with those named in the firfi mentioned Ad, to put in Execution an Ad of this Sejfion of Parliament for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Efates in England, for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and nine ; also the said Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His present Majesty, and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Ads, were named and appointed Commiflioners for putting in Execution the fame Afts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs,

Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places of England, Wales and

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according

to the said Aft, palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of -go.3. c.5.

His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for granting an Aid to His

Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, in that behalf

(nail be Commiflioners for putting in Execution this present Aft, and

the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Pariflies,

Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places, situate within the

fame Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towne,

Divifions and Places respectively, unless before tne Day hereinafter appointed for the first Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting this Aft into Execution, some Aft or Afts of Parliament shall be made and passed for naming and appointing Special Commiflioners for putting into Execution this present Aft, in which case no Person or Persons shall be empowered by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Aft or by this Aft of Parliament, to aft as a Commiflioner for putting this present Aft into Execution.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the feVeral Commiflioners Meetings of last aforesaid shall meet together at the moll usual and common Coramifiioners. Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes,

Wapentakes, Wards and other Divifions respectively, within England Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed Commiflioners, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and shall meet afterwards in like manner as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Aft in Execution as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge 5 and the said Commiflioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting or Meetings or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to inspect and examine the Afleflments made by virtue of the said recited Aft, made in the Thirty eighth ^g q ^	^

A.D. i8ia.

.41	C.	15.	53*	GEO.	III.

Penalty.

Placet assessed under 38 G.3. *5. discharged.

Penalties im-pofed by 38 G.3. c. 5. extended to this Ad.

Year aforesaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and afcertaio the several and refpcdive Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said lall mentioned Ad, in every Pariih, Conftablewica, Division, Allotment or Place, for or in respect of any Eftate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Penonal Estate, and also for or in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penlions or Stipends, as aforesaid, bv any Afleflment -made for the said Year ending on the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and separate, divide and fet down in Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon Eftates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Chattels or other Perfonal Estate, and also the several and respective Sums charged io respect of any Offices or Employ* ments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Al-lotments or Places by virtue of the said lad mentioned Ad, upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ; and the said Commiflionert are hereby required to deliver orcaufe to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Pariih, Con (fable wick, Division, Allotment or Place, where any Afleflment shall have been made upon Perfonal Estates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions or Stipends, and also the Chriiiian Names and Surnames of the respective Affeffors and Collectors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place, respectively, where such Affeflments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commifiioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembraneer, or their respective Deputies, (hail give to the Person who brings the fame, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to The King’s Ufe as other Penalties are by this Ad recoverable.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parifh or Place in which any AfTefTment shall have been or shall be made, under and by virtue of the said last recited Ad, on any Person or Persons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions or Stipends, by any Afleflment for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall, from and after that time, be wholly discharged from fa much of the Sums to be levied upon such Pariih or Place, according to the Proportions established under the said recited Adi.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, in and by the said Adi, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the Rates and Affeflments granted by the said last mentioned Ad; and which by the said other Ad

pafled

L^ooQLe

A.D.i8i2.

53# GEO. ML

43

paffed in the fame Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Ad for 38 G. 3. c. 6a m iking perpetual, fubjeB to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner § i. therein fated\ the federal Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, are continued and made perpetual, in rdation to the Rates and Affeffments charged on Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchafe thereof, shall be piaftifed, used and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the said lait mentioned Rates, Affeffments and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed and levied by virtue of this Aft, in resp ft of Perfonal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-en-afted in this Aft.

4 XXIII. Whereas by an Aft passed in the Thirty eighth Year 38 G. 3. c.5.

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting § a.

4 an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain,

4 for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety 4 eighty the Town and County of the Town of Newcafile upon Tyne 4 was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and ei

4 Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, Part whereof has

4 raised and charged on the Duty hereinafter mentioned And whereas

4 by Two Afts, One thereof passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the 39 G. 3 c.84.

4 Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An A3 to enable the 4 Lords CommiJJioners of the Treasury to contraS with the Mojl Noble 4 Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of the Property 4 of the said Duke, and all others interefed\ in a certain Duty of 4 Twelve pence per Chaldron on Coals Jhipped in the River Tyne, to be 4 consumed in England, and to grant a Compenfation for the fame by 4 way of Annuity, payable out of the Confolidated Fund; and the 4 other thereof passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the 39&40G. 5. 4 Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An A3 to confirm an Agree- c.43.

4 merit entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty* s Treajury$

4 and the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of 4 an A3 passed in the Thirty ninth Tear of His present Majesty, inti-4 tuled An A3 to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to con-4 trad with the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the abfo-4 lute Purchafe of the Property of the said Duke, and all others in-4 terefied, in a certain Duty of Twelve pence per Chaldron on Coals 4 Jhipped in the River T yne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a 4 Compenfation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Con-4 folidated Fund, and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited,

4 the said Duty from and after the Twenty second Day of Augufi 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, was^vefted in, and 4 made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the 4 fame hath ever since been collected with and paid a9 the other 4 Duties of Cuftoms have been collected and paid ; and it is therefore 4 just that the said Town and County of the said Town should, from 4 the above Period, be exonerated and discharged from the Amount 4 annually charged on the said Duty as aforesaid;' Be it further en- Commiflfonew acted, That it mall be lawful for the said Commiilioners of the said for NewcafUe

Town upon Tyne to

A

44

A.D. 181z.

certify Duty charged.

Where Deficiencies! rife new Afleflments made*

Rated where refideDt.

C.ij.	53d	GEO.	III.

Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited Afts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the said Two last recited Ads, and the Agreement therein mentioned 5 and the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power by their Difcretions, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to discharge or caufeto be discharged so much of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty second Day of Au«ujl One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine ; and the said Sutis shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the said Town and County, and shall be all >wed upon tfie Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Afleflments heretofore made as for all AflTelf-ments hereafter to be made 5 any thing in the said first recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions fet by this Aft upon all and every the respective Parilhes, Conftable-wicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of any such Perfonal Eftate as aforesaid, shall not be fully aflefivd, levied and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Afleflments in respect of such Perfonal Eftate shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the fame, or that through any Wilfulness, Negleft, Miftake or Accident, the said AfTeflment charged in each Panfh or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Aft, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Aft is di-refted ; that then and in all and every (uch case or cases, the several and respective Commiflioners, Afleflors and Colleftors, acting in the Execution of this Aft in relation to the said Duties on Perfonal Estates, and the said last mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and requited to assess and re-afless, or cause to be assessed and re-assessed, levied and paid all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective rarifties or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commiffioner8, or such Number of them as by this Aft arc authorized to cause the said First Afleflment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Juftice; the said new Afleflment to be made, collected and paid in such manner and by such means as in this Aft or any Aft hereby referred to is declared and directed for other Afleflments.

XXV.	And, in order to afeertain more particularly the Mode of aflefling and rating the several Perfonswho shall be charged with any Rate or Afleflment in respect of any Eftates in ready Money, Debts or Perfonal Eftate in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy be it further enacted. That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her any ways belonging, shall be rated at iuch Place where he or (he shall be relident at the time of

the

A.D.i8i2*

4?

53° GEO. IIL	C. i5.

the Execution of tbit Act; and all Perfont not being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Adi ; and if any Person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales or Bcr» wick upon Tweedy by virtue of this Adi, for or in respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, at the time of his or her Affefiment, be out of the Realm, fuqh Person shall be rated therefore in such Pari(h, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment or Place, where he or (he were lad abiding within this Realm.

XXVI.	Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Perfonal Estate, in any Pariih or Paristies, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Di-vifion8, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Paristi, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment or Place where he or (he shall be resident, or bad his or her Refidence, it shall be lawful at any time before the Twenty fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to rate and afiefs such Person for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Perfonal Estate, in any Parifti or Paristies, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame shall be: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons by reason of his, her or their having several Manfion Houfes or Places of Refidence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Perfonal Eftate by oc-cafion of this* Adi, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commifiioners for the County, Riding, City or Place of his, her or their last Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or them (which Certificate the said Commifiioners are nereby required to give without Delay, Pee or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commifiioners who have Authority to put this Adi in Execution for the County, Riding, City or Place, where the said Cer« tificate shall be made (which Oath such Commifiioners are hereby authorized and required to administer), then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be dif-charged m every other Pari(h, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment or Place in England, Walts or Berwick upon Tweed\

XXVII.	Provided also, That this Adi shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland\ Ireland, Jersey or Guernsey, for afieifing any such Perfonal Eftate which they, or any to their Ufe, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Pariftior Paristies, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any Perfpn that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Adi, for or in refpe$ of 1h« or her Perfonal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the Commifiioners, or any Two or more of them, at any time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or (he should or ojught to have been charged at by this A&$ the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commifiioners before whom such Proof feaU he ma4©, to be levied on the Goods, Lauda and Hereditament! Of such Persons.

XXVIII. And

Perfoiud Eftate afleffkl where it Hull lie, though AflTeflbr refidat elsewhere.

Perfonal Eftate in Scotland, lie. ProviTo for.

A.D. 1812.

Houfekeepen

Mot giving an Account of Lodgers.

Ptiulty.

Members of Parliament rated at their Manfion Hsufts.

Penalty.

Inhabitants of Towns having Perfonal Eftates in one or more Parishes afleflTed where refidenL

Officers of Exchequer, kc, to deliver Lifts of Penfions and Annuities when required.

C.15.	53	geo.	in*

XXVIII.	And, for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate intended to be charged by this Aft, be it further enacted, That every Houfeholder in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon Demand of the Alleffors of the respective Pari/hesor Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall lojonm or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be lesried and recovered in such manner as any other Penalty in this Adi mentioned shall and may be levied aud recovered.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this or the fub-fequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London ana Westminster, and the Suburbs of the fame^ or within the County of Middlefext shall for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Eftate or Per-fons in respect thereof, during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Manfion Houses, of other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Affeflor or Commiffioner /hall afTefs, or cause to be adefied, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, or upon the Cafe, together with full Cods of Suit 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX.	Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such Perfonal EiUte, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One of the Parifhes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parifhes or Wards within the fame, that then such Person shall be taxed, charged and assessed for such his Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Parifh or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said City and Town Corporate.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That the Officers in the Re» ceipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and in other the Public Offices, upon Requeil to them made by the respective Afleflors, shall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all renfions, Annuities, Stipends or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Public Offices, to any Commiffioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Aft, for the better Guidance of the said AfTe/Tort in the charging of the fame; and that in all cases where any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Aft, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Public Office,or by any of His Majefty’s Receivers or Paymaftcrs in Englandt Wales and Berwick ubon Tweed, the said last mentioned Tax or PaT. ment, which in pursuance of this Aft shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits shall and may (in case of Nonpayment thereof) be detained and (lopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and

A.D.i8i2*

47

53°GEO. III.	C.ij.

be applied to the Satisfa&ion of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Public Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped and (upon Requefl) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Colledlors of such Monies for the refpettive Parifhes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Adi.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City or Place where the fame shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regifters, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there assessed to the said last mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries and other Profits, and not elsewhere ; and the said Matters in Chancery for the time being, and the said Six Clerks and Regifters for the time beiug, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Ad with relation to the last mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained ; and that ail Annuities, Stipends and Penfions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said last mentioned Duties where such Officers are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Penfions, Stipends and Annuities in EnglandWales and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

c XXXIII. And whereas divers Offices and Employments of 4 Profit, chargeable by this Adi, are executed by Deputy, and the 4 principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parifh, • or Place where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the 4 Rates and Affeffments for such particular Offices and Employ-4 ments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty Be it therefore enacted. That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Adi, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Affeffment as shall be charged thereon, and dedudl the fame out of the Profits of such Office or Employment ; and in case of Refufal or Nonpayment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Diftrefs as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and fix, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not other-wife cleared in the Exchequer.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That this Adi, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge or be construed to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities yearly Payment!

granted

Officers to pay where employed.

Officer* in Chan* eery assessed iu the Rolls Liberty.

Offices erecuteJ by Deputy Af-feflment paid by him.

Queen or Royal Family not chargeable in respect of Annuities.

L.

A.D. 181a.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain caies.

Penfion* to Per-fom who have alted at Mini-fters,&c. at Foreign Courts not liable.

Duties not charged on Penfions, &c. exempted.

C.15.	530	GEO.	in,

granted to Her said Majesty and to their said Royal Highnestes, but that such Suras of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and Her said Majesty and their Royal Highnestes, and their Treafurers, Receivers General and Servants for the time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Aft, or any of the several Claufes herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Penfions of any superannuated Commifiion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the moll Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of Windfor payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the poor Clergy of the Isle of Man ; or to charge the Penfions or Salaries of His Majefty’s Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Aft or Aft8 of Parliament for making, repairing or maintaining any Public Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

4 XXXV. And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to 4 the Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and 4 Wales are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual 4 as aforesaid, and in some cases the Overplus of the said Rents 4 and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs and other Charges, is to 4 ^o in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Refidentiaries, which 4 Shares are diminished by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted. That in such cases the said Refidentiaries mall not by this Aft, or any of the Claufes therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge or to authorize the dedufting from or aflefling any Person under any of the Provifions of this Aft, upon any Annuity, Penfion or Stipend paid to such Person on account of his having been or acted as a Minifter or Refident at any Foreign Court.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained in relation to the said several Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Persons in respect of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, or Annuities, Penfions, Stipends or other Annual Payments before described, shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the dedufting from or affefling any Person in any case in which the Salary, Wages* Fees, Perquifites or Gratuities payable in respect of such Office or Employment of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Penfion, Stipend or other annual Payment shall have been specially exempted From the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Aft of Parliament, or in any case in which any Salary, Wages or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which shall be payable to such Person in respect of such Office or Employment* or of his having held any such Office or Employment, shall by any Ordcf of His Majesty in Couneil, or by any Warrant under His

Majesty**

A.D.i8ia.	53eGEO.ItI.	C.	15,	49

Maiefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Com-mimoners of the Treasury, have been directed to be paid Nett or without Dedudlion, or in any case in which the Sums aflefTed on any such Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment shall by like Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury have been directed to be repaid or re-imburfed to the Person aflefTed out of any Part of the Public Revenue of Great Britain : Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment Nett or without Dedudlion, of the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty aflefTed on the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Animal,Payment aforesaid, shall be respectively certified by Home principal Officer in the Department to which such Officer or Employment belongs, to be To paid Nett or without Dedudlion, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue.

XXXVII I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Receipts not no Stamp Duty shall be charged or chargeable for any Receipts chargeable with given by any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Collector for Staml’ Defrayment of Money made by virtue of this Adi, any Statute to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

* XXXIX. And whereas by the said Adi passed in the Thirty $8G. 3. c.60.

*	eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 1 Ah for making perpetual subject to Redemption and Pur chafe in 4 the Manner therein Jlated, the several Sums of Money now charged 4 in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty 4 fflh Day of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety eight (a),

4 it was enadlcd, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar , by

*	Three A6ts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty

*	feventh Years of the Reign of His present Majessy, on Malt, by 1 an Adi made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His ' present Majesty, and the Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff by ‘ an Adi made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His

* present Mznefty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine

*	and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine,

*	unlefs the fame should be specially continued by Parliament,

*	which said several Duties were by an Adi made and passed in the ‘ Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

*	An A8 for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on 39®*3*c*3«

4 Penftons, Offices and Perfouol EJlates, in England, Wales and the

€ Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,

*	Tobacco and Snuff, far the Service of the Tear One thousand ftven 4 hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth

*	Day of March One thousand right hundred, and which by several 4 fufifequent Adis were further continued until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thopfand eight hundred and eleven : And

4	whereas by an Adt passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reigtf	c	-

4	of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing the feveral	^	*3>c»9

4 Duties of Cifloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting 4 other Duties jin lieu thereoff the said several Duties on Sugar were

*	repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof; And

*	wpereas by another Adi, .pafled in the Forty third Year of the

4	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to repeal the Duties	*3	G.	3. c. 69.

4	of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu

*	(a)	G»	3*	r.	116. $ 1.]

53 Geo. HI.	E	4	thereof,

5°

A.D.i8i2.

51 G. J.e. 1.

Duties on Sugar, uc. continued.

Mstrfes ptid into Exchequer enured leparate.

Sum to be nifed by Treasury.

48 G. 3. c. 1.

48 G. 3. c. 1. applied to this

A t\.

Exchequer Bills to bear Intertit.

Bank authorized to advance a certain Sum on

C. 15. '	53*	GEO. III.

*	thereof \ certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out

*	by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco,

*	were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And

*	whereas the said Duties granted by the said laH recited Adis,

*	were continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufar.d

*	eight hundred and twelve: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar,

*	and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with

*	the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were, by an Adi

*	paffed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His prefeut

*	Majefty, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March

*	One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ;9 Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Adis granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, mail be and the fame are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and all Monies arising thereby which, shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and diHindi from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His MajeHy’s Exchequer, One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff; and also the Rates and Afleffments hereby granted on Perfonal EHates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Penfions, Annuities and Stipends, hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entered and regiHered apart, and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majelty.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful tor the Commissioners pf His Majefty’s Treasury, at any time or times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions as are directed and prescribed in and by an Adi made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for regulating the issuing and saying off of Ex~ chequer Bills.

XLI I. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers. Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said recited Adi, made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present MajeHy, intituled An AS for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Adi, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as ff the said several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this Adi.

XLIIL And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Ad, shall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XLIV. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to 15	advance

A.D.i8ii.

53® GEO. III.’	C.15.	51

advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, Creditor upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Ad, any A6t.

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of

Three Millions; any thing in an Ad made in the Fifth and Sixth 5 8c 6 W. k M.

Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An c.ao.

Ad for granting to their Majejlies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors ; and for fecurbig certain Recumbences and Advantages in the said A3 mentioned to such Persons as /ball voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War againjl France, or in any subsequent Ad, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commiflioners of Bills placed a* the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and Calh in empowered to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Exchequer; Ad, to be placed as so much Cafh in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And it is hereby alio enacted and declared, That the said (finable in com-Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up,	orher

and secured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in Part of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from time to time (land charged in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners of the Treasury to ifliie and apply the fame from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Ad, together charged upon with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of Duties granted exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be and the fame are hereby b7 made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Affeffments, granted by this Ad; and it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymafters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods as the said Commiflioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and dif-charging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Ad, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Intereft to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills, or any of them.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Account of Ex-That on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred chequer Bills and fourteen, or within Ten Days after, the Commiflioners of the Trea- take* fury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Trea-surer, or any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Ad, and

E 2	how

A.D.jfcn.

Money due on Exchequer Bills paid out of next -Aids.

Surplus Monies carried to Crnifo-lidaied Fund.

Treasury to allow out of Con-folidated Fund Charges of making forth new Exchequer Bills.

Replaced out of Firit Supplies.

Aft, &c. altered#

C. 15, it.	53*	GEO. in.

how much thereof /hall before that time have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the Monies lo remaining unfinished or not difchargea, with the Intereft due 6r to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said T wenty fifth Day of March One thou (and eight hundred and fourteen.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties and Affeflinentft, granted and imposed by this Aft, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills jffued by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Chaiges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies refpeftivelv shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund.

LI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Coramiffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Confolidated Fund from time to time, tne necessary Charges of making fbrth the itew Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Aft, or any Part thereof, in relation to the said Bills 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI I. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore* (aid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Confolidated Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with Handing.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts of this present Session of Parliament

CAP. XVI.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	[22d	December	1812.]

“ TREASURY empowered to raise 10,500,0001. by Exchequer u Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G.3.C. 1.—$ 1, 2. Treasury to “ apply the Money raised; § 3. Principal of said Bills charged cm “ firft-Supplies or next Seflion. § 4. Intereft thereon of 3id* per “ Cent, per Diem. § 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer •* after April 5, 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to ad-fr vance 6,500,000!. on the Credit of this Aft, notwithstanding •* 5 & 6 W. & M. c, 20.—$7. Act may be altered* See. this Seflion. «' $8.

CAP.

A.D.i8i3-

530 GEO. III.

C. 17.

53

cap. xvn.

An Ad for puntfhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1813.]

*	TTTHEREAS the raising or keeping a Handing Army within 4 \X the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in time

*	of Peace, unless it be with the Confent of Parliament, is againft

*	Law : And whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this 4 present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for

*	the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Pofleffions

*	of His Maiefty’s Crown, and that the whole Number of such 4 Forces should consist of Two hundred twenty seven thousand four 4 hundred and forty two effective Officers and Men including His 4 Majefty’s Forces (erving in the Eaji Indies : And whereas no Man 4 can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or fubjetted in time of Peace 4 to any Kind of Punifhment within this Realm by Martial Law, or

*	in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and 4 according to the known and established Laws of this Realm 5 yet

*	nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before men-4 tioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Difcipline be observed, 4 and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall 4 desert His Majefty’s Service, be brought to a more exemplary and 4 speedy Punifhment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majefty’s Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy ; or shall (hamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrels, Poft or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend ; or (haft compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or roft, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame 5 or shall speak Words, or use any other means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the E#emy 5 or (hamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortress, Poft or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Poft before relieved or shall be found fleeging on his Poil; or shall hold Qorrefpondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Eqemy of His Majesty* either by Letters, Meflhges, Signs or Tok^s, ia auy raajmer or way whatsoever ; or shall treat or enter into any. Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Licence*, or Licence o£ the General or Chief Commander; or' mall ftf&e or use any Violence agfunft. his. superior Officer, being im the Esequtioxi. o£ his. Office ; or shall disobey any lawful Command* of

E 3	his

Number of Foroes, aa7,44*»

Officer or Private Man, deferring, See.

found rteepiflg upon bis Pfeit, Icc.

(hiking or dif-obeying superior Officer;

54

Punift.ment.

Soldiers enlisting in other Regiments, See. deemed Deferters.

Deferters enlift-ing in other Regiments, Sc c. Punilhment.

Provifo for Men chimed.

Deferter transported;

returning, before Expiration of Term.

C. 17.	53°GfeO.IIL	A.D.1813.

his superior Officer 5 or shall desert His Majefty’a Service 5 all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions,'or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punifh-ment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Non Commiffioncd Officer or Soldier who shall desert His Majefty’s Service, shall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties imposed by this Act for such Offence, by again enlisting into His Majesty** Service ; but any such Soldier shall, not with (landing such subsequent Enliftment, be deemed to have deserted His Majefty’s Service, and shall in like manner suffer Death, or such other Punilhment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

4 III. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Soidlers, who of 4 Right belong to Corps from which they have deserted, may be * proceeded against and tried for deferring any other Corps in which 4 they may afterwards have enlisted, or from His Majefty’s Service, if 4 they shall not after such subsequent enlifling have been placed in any 4 Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whild serving therein ;* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every such Soldier shall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and puniftied in like manner as if he had originally enlisted in, and of Right belonged to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, Company, Detachment or Party, in which he shall be at the time of any subsequent Defertion, or com* mitting any Offence, notwithstanding it shall have been difeovered or known that he had previously belonged to some other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been difenarged therefrom: Provided always, that if such Person shall be claimed by such other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and be proceeded against as a Deferter therefrom, his subsequent Defertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlisted, may (unlefs he shall already have been tried for the fame) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime ; previous Notice being always given to such Deferter of the Fait or Falls intended to be produced in Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, tried and convicted of Defertion, whensoever the Court Martial which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punilhment, such Court Martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Puniftiment, adjudge the Offender according to the Nature of the Offence, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years: And if such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon, shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large, without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,'ox in any of Hit Majefty’s Poffeffions Abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the

ordinary

CjOoq le

55

AIV.1813.	53” GEO. Ilf.	C.	17.

ordinary Courfe of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Death.

Benefit of Clergy.

'V. Provided, and be it	enacted, That in	all cases wherein	a	His Majesty,

Capital Punilhment shall have been awarded by	a Court Martial,	it	where Courtt

shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of cauling such Sentence to £a?lalpVard a be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be transported as men^raay'order a Felon for Life, or for	a certain Term of Years, as to Ilis	offenders to be

Majesty shall seem meet;	and if the Perfon	fo transported,	in	tranfported.

purfuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful cause, within any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of His Majefty’s PolTeflions Abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Deferter len-General or General Regimental Court Martial to sentence any tenced to ierve as Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Defertion by aSoldier in any such Court, to general Service as a Soldier, and that His Majesty or*>f*

may thereupon direct that such Service shall be in any Regiment or Regiments or Con>s, and in any Country, or Place or Places,

Abroad or otherwise, as he may think fit.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Non Deferter entitled

Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, so convicted of Defertion, shall for a limited appear to have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, it shall be Tefm» f*ntcnf®d lawful for such Court to sentence any such Non Commiffioned	erve or e’

Officer or Soldier so enlisted, to serve for Life as a Soldier, or for

any Number of Years beyond the Period for which such Non Com-miffioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlisted in the Regiment in which he so enlisted, or generally in any Regiment or Corps which His Majesty shall please to direct ; and any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier may in any case, in addition to any Service, be further adjudged to forfeit all Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay, or as to Penfion or Difcharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Mark to be af-any Court Martial, before which any Non Commiffioned Officer or on Body of Soldier shall be tried and convicted of Defertion, to direct, if it shall Deferters.

so think fit, in addition to any other Punifhment such Court may award for any such Defertion, that such Deferter be marked on the left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.) such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall Sentence of intend any Sentence of a Court Martial of Tranfportation to be Tranfportation, carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend his &c* notified by Mercy, upon Condition of Tranfportation, to any Offender liable to cSforAdV the Punifhment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, such tant'c^neral to Sentence, together with His Majefty9s Pleafure upon the fame, shall any Juftice of

E 4	be	K.B.fcc.wh»

5<S	C. 17.	53#GEO.IH«	A.D.1813

shall make Order be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief for the time being for Tranfport-	cf His Majefty’s Forces in Great Britain, or in the Ablence of the

attom as by^	Commander in Chies, then by the Adjutant Genera! for the time

c-V &V 2 being, t0 any Juftice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif; and thereupon such Juftice or Baron shall make an Order for the Tranfportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Adts consequent upon the fame, as any such Jullice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an Adt palled in the Twenty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin A& for the effectual Tranfportation of Felons and other Offenders ; and to authorise the Removal of Prifoners in certain Cases; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, with respect to Offenders in such A6t mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the laid Adl mentioned ; and such Order and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such AdU as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such Pcrfon in whose Cuftody such Offender shall at that time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the fame Con-fequences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Adfc, with respect to any Offender in the said Adt mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Conflables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punifhment for Difotedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Adt ; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provifion and Provifions made by Daw, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and fenteiiced to be transported, or receiving His Majefty’s Pardon on Condition of Tranfportation.

Such Notifies- X. And be it further enacted, That the Juftice or Baron who tion, &c. filed by shall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any such Notification Crown^ lhC	Majefty’s	Pleafure	as aforesaid, shall direa the said Notifica-

pee *	tion, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office

of the Clerk of the Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, and to be there kept of Record 5 and the said Clerk of the Crown shall receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more, for filing the fame.

Who shall, on XI. And be it further enabled, That the said Clerk of the Application, de- Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench shall, upon the sftonvSfontC Application of any such Offender who shall be ordered by His nVA Ion# Majesty to be transported as aforesaid, or of any other Person applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Person on Behalt of His Majesty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under his Hand (not taking for the fame more than Two Shillings and Six pence! containing a a Account of the Christian Name ana Surname of fuen Offender* of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Conditions on which Hjs Majefty’s Order for such Offender’3 Tranfportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Cpnvi^ios and Sentence of such Offender, anid also of the 'jCerms on which fuch

11	Order

A.D.1813*

53° GtO.IIL

C. 17.

57

Order for his Tranfportation was given, in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to enquire into the fame.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That, whenever Sente*H» of any Sentence of Trantportation passed by anv Court Martial holden inTndi^&cTO-in the Eajt Indies, or in His Majefty’s Settlements of the Cape of tjfied by Officer Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by His commanding in Majefty's Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried Chief to some into Execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to Jw<lge of Supreme the Punifhment of Death by the Sentence of any such Court Martial,	*hr

upon Condition of Tranfportation, the fame shall be notified in Tranfportation Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majefty's Forces as by 39 & in Indus, or in the Abfence of the Officer commanding in Chies, 4° C* 3*«• 79* then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to some Judge of $

One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Prefidencies of Fort WtlUam, Port Saint George or Bombay, or the Chief Juftice or other Judge at the Ifland of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope,	,

or any such other Settlement as aforesaid, and thereupon such Juage shall make an Order for the Tranfportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other A&s consequent upon the fame, as any such Judge is authorized to make or do under an A& passed in a Parliament holden in the ^Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An A& for ejlabtifbing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Adm{-nifration of Jjujlice within the fame, with respect to Offenders ordered to be transported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of such Prefidency respectively ffiall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Tranfportation of all fucn Offenders accordingly.

XJlt. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender under Offiudenunder Sentence of Death by a Court Martial as aforesaid, /hall obtain His DwUiobtaining Majeffy’s conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws conditionil Par-now in force, touching the Efcape of Felons under Sentence of don, fubje&to Death, shall apply to (ucb Offender, and to all Persons aiding, Lanr* of Escape, abetting or assisting in any Escape, or intended Efcape of any lucn *c*

Offender, or contriving any fucn Efcape from the time when (uch Older shall be made by such Juftice or Baron as aforesaid, and during

31 the several Proceedings which shall be had for ^e furpofes brefaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, KinS That Majesty may. from time to time, grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts	fcc.

Martial within the ynited Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelap£ 9 in like manner as has been heretofore used; and that Mis may like wife, from time to time, by his Royal Commiffion. empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of t^e Kingdom of Great Britain and Iceland called Ireland the Goverqdr of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of Mis Majeffy s Dominiot}^. beyond the Seas refpeajvely, or the^Perfon or Pprfoqs Ujerp * con^-manding in Chief Hjs M^jcffy’s forces for the time being, and may alio from time totune: extend His Royal ^arrant to the Comqjander of the Forces in that Part of the laid ^nited, Kingdon^' cajtygL Ireland, and to any (kqier^ oro^her Officer having the

Second Trial for fame Offence.

Ordinary Proceedings.

Perfont accused of Capit al Crimes, delivered over to Civil Magistrate, &c.

Persons acquitted, &c. by Civil Magistrate, cafliiered.

Officers and Soldiers impri-foned upon

C. 17.	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

a Body of His Majefty’s Forces within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majcfty’s Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the time being, empowering them respectively to appoint General Courts Martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their refpe&ivc Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as Occalion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of their Forces under their several Command, whether the fame shall have been so committed before or after such General Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command ; all which Courts Martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their Proceedings according to the several Provifions hereinafter specified.

XV.	Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled. That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second time by the fame or any other Court Martial for the fame Offence, unless in the case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court Martial; and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once.

XVI.	Provided always, That nothing in this A£ contained shall extend or be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary Courfe of Law.

XVII.	Provided also, That if any Officer, Non Commiflioned Officer, or Soldier, shall be accused or any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence againtt the Person, Ellate or Property of any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, which is puniihable by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Juftice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, ia order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully negleA or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Juftice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convisted, upon any Information or Indictment in any of Hi6 Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of His Majefty’s Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso faBo caftiiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majefty’s Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, if (uch Convi&ion shall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dublin, if such Convi&ion shall be in Ireland.

XVIII.	Provided also, That no Person or Persons, being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, Violences or Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a Court Martial for the fame, otherwise than by calhiering.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That no Officer, Non Cora-miffioned Officer or Soldier who shall be arrested and committed to Prifon upon a Charge of any criminal Offence, shall receive any

Part

59

A,D.i8i3*	S30	GEO. in.	C.	17.

Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of Charge of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall Criminal Of-belong, provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for fence, to receive which he was committed, he shall upon his Return to his Corps be ™^n^men"8 entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due Arremin” hat during the time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted he case on Return shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment to their Corps, during the time of his Confinement, as well under the original Convisted,to Commitment as under any Commitment consequent upon such Con- *.0,*e,t *lf vi&ion, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or	on	nc~

Company to which he shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the Iffue and Payment to any . such Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during any such Commitment or Imprifonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier,, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprifonment, or after the Difcharge of such Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, after Con-vi&ion or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to such Chief or Under Secretary as aforesaid, to be proper, and the Order of the Secretary at War, or such Chief or Under Secretary in Ireland as the case may require, for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears shall be a sufficient Difcharge for such Payment.

XX.	And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all General Court-General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this A& ^Jrtiai,JrNu?1* shall consist of Thirteen or Nine Commiffioned Officers, as the case ber 0 em * may require 5 except the fame shall be holden upon any Officer,

Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier of His Majefty’s Foroes, which shall be serving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Maiefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies ; in which cases any General Court Martial may confiff of any Number not less than Seven, and except the fame shall be holden in Africa or in New South Wales % in which Places such General Courts Martial may consist of any Number not less than Five 5 of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Commiffion Officer 5 nor shall the President of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chies, or Governor of the Garrifon where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had ; nor in any case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nd General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officer (except the fame shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of Hi*

Majefty’s Dominions, and out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales) shall consist of less than Thirteen Members.	»

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sentence of General Court Martial, confiding of any less Number than Thirteen Soldier to Loft Commiffioned Officers, unless holden in any Place beyond the ^e>

Seas

ft

Courts Martial inflicting Corporal Punifh-mem, See. for Immcralkies, lee.

May sentence Non Commif-fioned Officers or Soldiers to Im-

prtfonment in House of Cor-

rection, lee.

Gaolers refusing to receive them.

Penalty.

Such Non Com* miflioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit their Pay.

Allowance to GtolerSylcc.

C. 17.	53*	GEO. III.	A.D.*f 13.

Scat oat of His Majefty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of Emvfamd trading to Hie Eqfl Indus or in Africa or New Ssnib Weuss as aforesaid, shall fentenoe any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to Lofs of Life or Limb, or Trapfportation.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it AaH be lawful for any such General Courts Marti a], or General Reginseoud Courts Martial, by their Sentence or Judgment to iafii& Imprifoe-ment or Corporal runiftiment, not extending to Life or Limb* as such Court shall think fit, on any Soldier for Immoralities, Mif-behaiour or Negle& of Duty.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Court Martial, to sentence any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to Imprifonment in aoy House of Corredion, Common Gaol or public Prifon, or in any other Place which such Court may deem fit and convenient for that Purpose; sad all Gaolers and Keepers of such Houfes of Correction or Prifous shall receive into their Cuftodv, and keep in Confinement for such time as they shall be respectively required so to do, or until difeh^rged, any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier who may have been sentenced to Imprifonment by any General or other Court Martial, and shall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Nop Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of fpeh Court during the Period of his Imprifonment, upon receiving an Order, in Writing, from the Commanding Officer of the Diftri& within which such General Court Martial mall have been held, qr from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps to which such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier lo tried by any Regimental Court Martial as aforesaid shall belong; and every such Gaoler or l£e?per of any such House of Corre&ion (hail, upon receiving any Prefer, iu Wnting, from any such Commanding Officer as aforesaid, deliver any such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, to any Ferfoo, on producing such Order, although the Period for which he was opginaHy tent tp tuck Gao) or House of Corre&ion shall not have expired; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a House of Com&fon or Prifon, who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier in manner as afore laid, shall forfeit for every. &ch Offence th? Sum of One hundred Pounds to be recovered by A&ioo of Debt or Information for the Ufe of His Majesty.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That every Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier sentenced to Imprifonment by any General or other Court Martial shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of hjs Commitment during the time of such Imptfonmont; aod also, that during the Continuance of any Imprifonment in any Qaol pr House of Correction, the Gapler or Keeper of such Prifon or House of Corre&ion in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Infpe&or under whose immediate. Lnfpe&ion such House of Corrt&ion, Gaol qr. Prifon, shall be, shall receive and apply ia the Maintenance of such Non CoimnififonedOfficer or Soldier the Sum of Nine pence per. Diem OUt of tfetSubfiAe^g^oC such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier during the time that such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier Audi continue in Ouffody, which {aid Sum. the Secretary at War ia Great Qrjtaiili and in lrdmi the, C^hiefc Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant* OU other. Chief Governor, or ia his Ab fence the Under Secretary for

the

the Military Department, is hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid to the said Gaoler or Keeper, or Infpedor respectively at aforefhid, upon receiving an Application in Writing signed by any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prifon or House of Corre&ion shall be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the (aid Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier was confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, or for such Chief Secretaij as aforesaid, or in his Abfence for the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the tithe being, if he should think fit, to order the Iffue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on Account of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all General and other Courts Mhrtial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to eVery Witnefs, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial, to be held by virtue of this Adt, tfvery Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be bad thereupon, shall take the fdUowing Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereoy authorized to administer the fame) ; that is to fay,

*	we^	ant*	truty	try	an<^	determine,	according	to	your

*	* Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.*

*	i\A+ B. do swear, That I will duly administer Juftice, according * to'the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majefty’s Foroes, and according to an Ad of Parliament now in

4 force for* the Punifbment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other 4. Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affedion 5 4 and if any Doubt1 shall arise I Which is not explained by the said 4 Articles or Ad of Parliament), according to my Conscience, the

*	beft of my Underftandmg, and the Ciiftom of War in the like cases s 4 And I further swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the 4 Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Person 4 duly authorized by Him ; neither will I, upon any Account, at

*	any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of

*	any particular Member of the Court Martial unless required to

*	give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice, or a

*	Court‘Martial in a due Courfe of Law. So help me GOD.*

And f6 foon1 as the* fafd Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Membersi the Prefideht of the Court is hereby authorized and required to adiriiriifter to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words :

*	T'yf. B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any time

*	whatsoever, difdlofe or discover the Vote or Opinion of any par-

*	ticular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evi-4 dence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a Court

*	Martial, in a-dtie Courfe of Law.	So help me GOD.*

And no SentChce of Death shall be given against any "Offender in such case by any General Court Martial unlete Nine Officers prefent

fhall

Provifo.

Courts Martial may «dminiiter Oath to Wit* neffas.

Officers (Worn.

Oaths by Mem. bers of General Court Martial.

Judge Advocate (Worn.

Oath.

In Sentencea if Death, what Number of Of-

62

C. 17-

53- GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Seen dull concur, See.

Hours of Trial.

Witneflts attending Courts Martial privileged from Arreft.

Witnefle* not attending attached.

Proceedings in

shall concur therein ; (except such General Court Martial shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Domitjions, )r out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa, or in NemSomtb Wales, as aforesaid ;) and in all cases where a Court Martial shall consist of note Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His MajeJLy’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Mer-chants of England trading to tne East Indies, or in Africa aad in Nenss South Wales as aforesaid, when the fame shall consist of a lester Nmher of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two thirds at the lead of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, hut between the Houri of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witneffes duly fumraoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, ana in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witneffes attending any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law are privileged ; and that if any such Witnefs shall be unduly arreiled, he shall be difebarged from such Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs issued by which such Witnefs was arrested ; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Scffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary way, that such Witnefs was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial ; and that all Witnefle* so duly fummonea as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotlanel, or Courts of Law in the Wed Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King’s Bench, or Court of Seffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, in like manner as if such Witnefs had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all

Martial other than General Courts Martial.

Trials by Courts Trials by any Courts Martial, other than General Courts Martial;

which shall be held by virtue of this Ad, or of any Articles of War eftabliftied by His Majesty in pursuance thereof, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by. any Member, having first taken the said Oaths) ; that is to fay,

Qtths taken by « TT OU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Cwt^MartUL * Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.’

*	T A. B. do swear, That I will duly administer Juftice, according

*	to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His

*	Majefty’s Foroes, and according to an Ad of Parliament now in

*	force for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes

*	therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affedioo; and if

c any

uooQle

*2

A.D.I&I3*	53	-GEO.	III.	C.	17.

*	any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles,

f or Aft of Parliament, according to my Conscience, the bed of my

*	Underftauding, and the Cudom of War in the like cases.

So	help me GOD/

And the President of every such Court Martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Detachment or Brigade, or the Governor or Commander of the Garrifon, Fort, Cadle or Barrack, directing such Court

Martial.

•	XXIX. And whereas it may be expedient, in certain cases, and

*	particularly in such Matters wherein any of His Majefty’s Marine

*	Forces may be interected, that Officers of the Marine should be

*	aflociated with Officers of the Land Foroes, for the Purpofe of 4 holding Courts Martial ;* Be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necedary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the Land and Marine Forces to fit in Conjunftion upon Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the Land Forces in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only ; and the Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are in such cases to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commiffions in either Service.

*	XXX. And whereas it may also be expedient that Officers of 4 His Majefty’s Land Foroes, when employed in Conjunftion with 4 Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of 4 England trading to the East Indies, should in certain cases be

*	afTociated for the Purpofe of holding Courts MartialBe it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occafion, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majefty’s Land Foroes, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to fit in Conjuuftion at Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial were composed of Officers of His Majefty’s Land Foroes, or of Officers in the Service of the said United Company only; with this Diftinftion, that upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majefty’s Land Foices, regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provifions made by or in pursuance of this Aft; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in the Terms by this Aft prescribed ; and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said United Company, regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provifions made by or in pursuance of an Aft pafied in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS for punishing Mutiny and Defer-tion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies ; and for the Puni/h-ment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the IJland of Saint Helena 5 and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in the Terms prescribed by the fame Aft.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court Martial within Europe (except in the Garrifon 01 Gibraltar), shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Court Martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they

paying

Appointment

PrdUear.

Officers of Land and Marine Force* fitting in Conjunction upon Courts Martial; Rank.

Officers of the King’s Forces and Officers in E. I. Company’s Service may lit, in Conjunction at Courts Martial, fcc.

ay G. a. c. 9.

Party entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of

Courts Martial.

I’i ceedimrs, See. of Coaru Martial tranTmiited to Judge Advo-caf e General, &c.

Stamp Duties.

His Majesty empowered to make Articles of War.

Copies of Articles of War trnnfmitted to Jiulget,&c.

Ills Majesty to c v nltitute and to uthoriae others to convene Courts Martial.

C. 17.	53°tJEO.ni.	•	A.D.1813.

paying reasonably for the fame), at any time not sooner than Three Months after stich Sentence 5 and in case of Trials by any General Court Martial at Gibraltar, at any time not sooner than Six Months after the Sentence given by such Court Martial; and in the case of Trials by any General Court Martial in His Majefty’s other Dominions beyond the Seas, or in Foreign Parts, at any time not sooner than Twelve Months after the Sentence given by such Court Martial, whether such Sentences he approved or not 5 any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII.	Provided also, and he it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court Martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Diftancc of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London, unless such Court Martial shall have been appointed in Ireland, in which case they shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General for that Part of the United Kingdom in Dublin ; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in their respective Offices, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Offices respectively, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent ana Meaning of this Ad.

XXXIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. That none of the Proceedings of any General or Regimental Court Martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever ; any thing contained in any former Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty to form, make and establish Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majefly’s Foroes, which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXV.	And, for the more effectual Notification thereof to the several Judges and Persons hereinafter mentioned, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Copies of all such Articles of War, printed by the King’s Printer, shall from time to time, as soon as conveniently may be after the fame shall have been made and efta-blifhed by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majefty’s Secretary at War for the time being, signed with nis own Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majefty’s superior Courts at lVeJlminfter9 Dublin and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majefty’8 Coionics, Plantations and Territories abroad.

XXxVl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, for bringing Offenders againil such Articles of War to Juftice, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to ered and constitute Courts Martial, as well as to grant His Royal Commiffions or Warrants, to the Persons and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned and expreifed, for convening and authorising others to convene Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and to inflid Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the fame, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Treland, in Jerfey% Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man> and the Iflanda thereto belonging, as in His Majefty’s Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in

any

*5

A.D.i8i3-	53°GEO.IIL	C.J7.

any of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas.

XXXVII.	Provided always, That no Person shall, by such None adjudged Articles of War, be subjected to any Puniftunent extending to of L»fe or Limb Life or Limb, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain ^^efledtobB and Ireland, Jerfeyy Guernfey% Alderney, Sark or Man* or any of f0 putable, the Ifles thereto belonging, for any Crime which is not expreffed

to be so puniftiable by this A61; nor for such Crimea as are expressed to be so punishable, in any manner, or under any Regulations, which shall not accord with the Provifions of this A61.

XXXVIII.	Provided also, and be it further ena6ted, That if any Offendersbe-Officer or Soldier shall, in any of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond v< nd Sea, &c. the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences tr*et* here>&c* for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue

of this A£f, and shall come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jerfcy* Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Iflatids thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court/Martial for such Off. nee;	*

such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

* XXXIX. And whereas it is of essential Importance, as well to

*	the due Obfervance of public Economy, as to the Difcipline of His

*	Majefty’s Foroes, that they should be regularly muflered, and that 1 the Mutters should be taken with the drifted Accuracy and Exaft-

*	nefs;* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Mullers shall MuftenTwice a be made, had or taken, of every Regiment, Troop or Company, Ycar*

in His Majefty’s Service, Twice at the lead in every Year, at such times as shall be appointed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Commiffary shall muster No Mufter in any Regiment, Troop or Company, within the City of IVeJlminJler, West min (ter, See. and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, but in the rre- ,n Pref«nce fence of Two or more Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the ju,^^0rm°rtt Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being discharged penaify. from his Office, unless such Justices upon Forty eight Hours' Notice being given to Six of His Majefty's Justices of ihe Peace residing within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend such Mufter; and in case of such Negleft, such Commiffary may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours after such Mufter taken, that such Notice was given to Six Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices so attending are hereby empowered to sign the said Mufter Rolls, and to take Cognizance of such Mufter, and to examine the Truth thereof before they sign the fame.

XLI. And, fy preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the muttering Givingfrlfe of Soidlers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Certificate* to any Person do.make or give, or procure to be made or given, any ixcuft^°«^leri false or untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his 0111 crfc Abfence from any Mufter, pr any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of being employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or of Sicknefs, being in Prifon, or on Furlough; then every such Person, so making, giving or procuring penajtT> such Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from hit Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any 53 Geo. III.	F	Military

66

Officers making fa Me Musten, frc.

PunMhment.

Officers muttering Persons by wrong Names. Penalty.

Peifons ottering themselves to be falsely muttered.

*Puni(hment.

Horse* falsely muttered.

Penalty. How levied.

Imprisonment.

C. 17.	53*GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Military Office*”or Employment within this Realm, or in His Ma-jefty’s Service; and no Certificate shall exrufe the absence of any Soldier but for the Reafons above mentioned or one of them.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Mufter of Man or Horse, and every Commiffary, Mufter Mafter or other Officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Mufter Roll, wherein such false Mufter is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also every Commiffary, Mufter Mafter or other Officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the muttering any Regiment, Troop or Company, or on or for the signing of any Mufter Rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two WitnefTes before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), mall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty*s Service.

XL1II. And it is enacted, That if any Officer or Commiflary shall muster any Person by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Conviction thereof, before a General Court Martial, the said Officer or Commiffary shall suffer such Penalties, and in such manner as is directed and inflicted by this Aft upon those who shall make false Mutters.

XLIV. And be it further ena&cd by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person shall be falsely mustered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witneffes, before any Juftice of the Peace for the County residing near the Place where such Mufter shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commiffary of the Mufters, or Mufter Matters as aforesaid, made to such Juftice of the Peace, the said Juftice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Ten Days: And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly fend or furnish any Horse to te mustered, which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop so mustered, the said Horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited to the Informer, if the fame doth belong to the Person lending or fumiftring the said Horse 5 or other-wife the Person lending or fumifhing the said Horse shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witneffes, before some Juftice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Mufter shall be made 5 which Twenty Pounds shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Juftice, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner: And in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Convi&ion 5 then, and in such case, such Juftice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprizc for the Space of Three Mouths, or cause such Offender

12	to

A.D. 1813.	53#	GEO, III.	0.17*	67

to be public]/ whipped, at the Difcretion of such Juftice; and the Soldiers giving said Forfeiture shall be given or paid to such Person or Perfons	of

that shall give Information thereof; and the said Informer or In- to'ihf-formers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to be dif- charge, charged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the fame.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Mufter Rolls in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commiffary General Ten Miles shall, upon every Half-yearly Mufter taken by him or them refpec- diftantfrom tively of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majefty’s Ser- ^Vnedto vice at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, close the Mufter Commiffary Rolls of the said Regiment, Troop or Company, within Twenty General of four Hours after such Mufter shall have been made; and shall return Mufters,$«. the Rolls so taken by the Poll or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being closed, to the Office of the CommilTary General of Muliers, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit One fet of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Pavmafter General of His Majefty’s Land Foroes, and One to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the First Day of Mayy and Twenty ninth Day of September, respectively following such Half-yearly Mufter: And no Alterations or Indorfements shall be made in or upon the said Mufter Rolls, other than in the case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mi (lakes in writing or tranf-cribing the said Mufter Rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Penalty. Employments, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person that will sue for the fame, for every such Offence.

4 XLVI. And whereas, by the Petition of Rights in the Third Petition of 4 Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the Right, 3 Cer. I.

4 People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with 4 the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Claufe in 4 an Ad of the British Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth 31 Car. a. c. 1.

4 Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a 4 Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and fix thousand four 4 hundred sixty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence,

4 for paying and disbanding the Foroes, it is declared and enacted,	§ 54»

4 that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever,

4 should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter or billet, any 4 Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subjed or Inhabitant of this Realm,

4 of any Degree, Quality or Profeffion whatsoever, without his 4 Consent; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Subjed,

4 Sojourner or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Sol-4 diers, notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant or Billeting what-4 foeverBut forasmuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Ad, there is and may be Occafion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it further Constables,&c. enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the Conti- in England to nuance of this Ad, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and quarter Officers for the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief ^Meiuninns, Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages and other ^ ou e*’ * Places within England, IVales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid*

Fa	are

C^

■	C.iy.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8i3*

are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majefty’a Army, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether Brittjh or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging ; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London. who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep Taverns but in noDiftil- only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houfes of Persons Jen or Shop- felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be ****** ou. **J drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houfes of any Houle* ^fl Diftiliers, who keep Houfes or Places for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, ana the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo as such Diilillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houfes), and in no other, and in no private Houfes whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered ; all which Billets when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Penalty.	Officer	prefent	: And if any Constable, Tithingman or such like

Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier, in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier Penalty.	fhall	fuftain thereby: And if any Military Officer shall take upon

him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this ACt, or mall use or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayors, Conftables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, such Military Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices ot the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipso faSo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty’s Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be tranf-mitted to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War : Perfonsaggrieved And in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Con-may complain to liable, Tithingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate luftice and be	(fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace),

has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magiftrate shall be a Juftice of the Peace,

then.

69

A.D.i8i3*	53° GEO. III.	C.17.

then, on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall fee Caufe 5 and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

c XLVII. And whereas by an Ad passed in Ireland in the Sixth 6 Ann.(l.) c.14 4 Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An A8 to prevent the § 8.

4 D if orders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers and providing 4 Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was, amongst 4 other things, enacted and declared, that no Officer, Soldier or 4 Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any 4 Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard 4 of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeoman, nor 4 any Servant of any such Officer, should at any time thereafter have,

4 receive or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save ouly 4 during such time as he or tfiey should be and remain in some Sea Port 4 Town in order to be transported, or during such time as there 4 should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which 4 Emergency the Army, or any coniiderable Part thereof, should be 4 commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another, or 4 during such time or times as he or they should be on their March 4 as aforesaid: And whereas the Barracks of Ireland are not at 4 present sufficient to lodge all the Forces upon its Military Eftabliffi-* ment: And whereas it may be necessary to station Part of the 4 Troops in Places where there are not Barracks, or not sufficient 4 Barracks to hold themBe it enacted, and it is hereby declared Regulation* for and agreed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- Quartering Sol. ful, notwithstanding the said recited Ad, to and for the Conftables dier* in Ireland, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland, and in their Default or Abfence for any one Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town,

Village or Place, and for no others; and such Conftables and other Chief Magistrates as .aforesaid, or in their Default, such Juftice of Peace as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service in Inns, Livery Stables,

Ale Houfes and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houfes of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Me-theglin, by Retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient Billctting. Room in such Houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary, taking care not to billet iefs than Two Men in any One House, except only in the case of billetting Horfc or Dragoons in manner hereinafter mentioned; nor shall any Billets at any time be ordered for more than the Number of effedive Soldiers present to be quartered ; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Ma«

C*n ates or Constables, or Juftice of the Peace, as the case may be, be delivered into the Hands of the Staff Officer emploved, or of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Constable or such Chief Officer or Magiftrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Ad, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier thereof, then such Owner or Occupier shall have bis or their Remedy at Law Remedy, against such Magiftrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner

F 3	or

7*

Officer menacing Constable,&c.

Punllhment.

Convi&ion affirmed at Quarter Sefiiom.

Justices, Jurif-di&ion of*

Soldiers not bil-)etred above One Mile from Places mentioned in Route.

Licences for keeping Canteens.

C. 17.	53"	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

or Occupier shall sustain thereby, and such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, being duly convicted of such Offence by Indi&ment* shall be imprisoned for the Space of One Calendar Month ; and if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers other-wife than is limited and allowed by this A£l, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayor, Constable or other Chief Officer before mentioned, tending to deter or difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, or to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnefft s, be deemed and taken to be if/o fado cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment whatsoever: Provided the said Convidion be affirmed at the next Affixes or Quarter Scffions of the Peace for the said County, or County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby required and directed to certify the fame to the next Court Martial ; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved in that such Constable, Chief Officer or Magiftrate not bring a Juft ice of the Peace* has quartered orbilletted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered, or in case such Chief Officer or Magiftrate fnall be a Jufticcofthe Peace* then on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Juftice or Justices tefpcdively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Persons by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be rervu ved and quartered upon such other Perion or Persons as he or they shall fee cause, and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

4 XLVIII. And as very great Detriment and Inconvenience arise 4 to the Service, from the dispersing and billetting of Soldiers when 4 on a March at a great Diftance from the Place or Places where they 4 are meant to be quartered, ard contrary to the true Intent and * Meaning of the said lait recited Att, and by reason of which they 4 are placed wide of their intended Route lor the next Day’s March ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at no time when Troops are on a March shall any of them be bdletttd above One Mile from the Place or Places mentioned in the Route.

XLIX And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two Magistrates, within their re-fpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, to grant or transfer any Licence for felling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or coufumed in any House or Houses, or Premises, where more Houles or Premiles than one shall be held together by the fame Peril n or Persons as a Canteen* or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Perion or Persons applying for the fame, who shall hold any Canteen under any Leafe thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from any Two of the Principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the Com-miflioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without regard to the time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates specified or required in rela-

7i

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	17.

tion to the applying for or granting any such Licences 5 any thing in	*

any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding :

And it shall also be lawful for His Majeftv’s Commiflioners of Excife in England, Ireland and Scotland v. fpedively, or any Person appointed or emnloyed by the said Commiflioners in England or Ireland respectively in that Behalf, or for any Colledors or Super-vifors of Excife within their respective Diftrids, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for felling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry,-to be drank or consumed in the Houfes or Premises, occupied as a Canteen, of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors by Recail, to any such Person or Persons who shall hold any such Canteen under any such Licence or Transfer of any f ich Licence of any Juftice or Migiftrate as aforesaid ; and it (lull also be lawful for any Person or Persons holding any such Canteen under any such Lease, Agreement or Authority as aforesaid, and having such Licences as aforesaid to keep such Canteen, and to utter ar.d fell therein, and in the Premifes thereto belonging, and not elsewhere, Viduals and all such Excifeable Liquors as he and they flnll be keen fed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permiflion of any such Excife Licence as aforesaid, without being fubje&Vto any Penalty or' Forfeiture ; any thing in any Adi or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, That it (halt be lawful for the Lord Lord Lieutt-Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the time being of Ireland, to njnt 10 »rp°int 1 depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Majefly’s Forces in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Juftice or No Juftre hav-Juilices of the Peace having or executing any Military Office or Com- log any Military mission in that Part of Great Britain called England or Ireland, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly c^ed inVilUfc-be concerned in the quartering, billetting or appointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop or Company under the immediate Command or Commands of such Juftice or Justices, according to the Difpofition made for quartering of any Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Ad ; but that all Warrants,

ACts, Matters or Things, executed or appointed by such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the fame, shall be void ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI I. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority High ConftaUet, aforesaid, That whenever any Order shall lflue for the quartering &c. may issue or billetting the Officers or Soldiers of His Majefty’s Regiments of Precept* for Foot Guards, within the City and Liberties of Wejlminflcry and ^et^,n5 Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlcfcsc, and in the County	*	*

of Surry, and in the Borough of Southwark in the said County of *

Surryt the High Constable shall deliver out Precepts to the several Petty Constables, Headboroughs or Tithingmen, of each Parifh,

Ward, Hamlet and Diftrid, within their respective Diviflons, to billet and quarter such Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s Regiments of Foot Guards on such Houfes only as by this A6t is limited within their respective Parifhes, Hamlets or Diftrids ; and such Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tithingmen, shall, in pursuance thereof, billet and quarter every such Officer and Soldier

F 4	in

72

ConftaMtt,&c. in Wetlm sifter, &c. to deliver Lifts at Quarter Sef-(ions on Oath, of Houfes subject to receive Soidlers, &c.

infpe&ed without Fee.

Copies of Lifts wrote by Clerk at 2d. per Sheet.

Penalty.

Giving defective Lifts.

Penalty.

How levied.

C. 17.	53°GEO.III.	A.D.i8i3*

in such Houfes so subjected thereto by this Aft equally and pro-portionably according to the Number of such Officers and Soldier* so to be billetted and quartered, and of the Houfes so subjected to receive them ; and such Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards shall be quartered within the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and the Places adjacent, lying in the said County of Middle/ex (except the City of London), and in the said County of Surry t and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, in the fame manner, and under the fame Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all cases for which particular Provifion is not made by this Aft.

LIII. And, for the better preventing Abufes in billetting and quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said Citv and Liberties of Wejlminjler^ and Parts adjacent, lying in the said County of Middle/ex, and in the said County of Surry, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, be it ertafted by the Authoriy aforesaid, That the Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tithingmen of their respective Paristies, Wards, Hamlets and Diilrifts, within the fame, shall, at every General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be hoi den for the said City and Liberties of Westminster, in the said County of Middlesex and the said County of Surry, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry, respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Seffions assembled, upon Oath ( which Oath they the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer), true Lifts signed by them respectively, of all such Houses, together with the Number of all such Persons respectively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parifh, Ward, Hamlet or Diftrift respectively, as are subject and liable by this Aft to receive such Onicers and Soidlers, together with the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively; and such Lifts shall remain with the Clerks of the Peace of the (aid City and Liberties of Westminster, the said County of Middlesex, the said County of Surry% and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively, to the Intent that all and every Person and Persons may be at Liberty to inspect the fame without any Fee or Reward ; and such Clerk shall forthwith from time to time make and deliver to every or any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, true Copies of all and every or any such Lifts, upon being paid Two pence a Sheet for each and every such Copy so taken, each Sheet to be com. puted at and contain One hundred and fifty Words : And if Default or Negieft shall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, of any such Parifh, Ward, Hamlet or District, in the delivering such Lifts to the Justices at their Quarter Seffions a9 aforesaid; or if he or they shall so deliver, or cause to be delivered in, any false or defective Lift, not including and specifying therein all and every such House and Houfes so liable by this Aft to receive such Officers and Soidlers, or the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House respectively ; such Petty Constable, Headborough and Tithingman, or any of them so offending therein, shall for each such Offence forfeit each the Sum of Five Pounds,* to the Ufe of the Poor of such respective Parifhes, Wards, Hamlets and Diftrifts; to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under

the

73

A.D.i8i3*	53	GEO.	III.	C.	17.

the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majefty’s Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties of 1Veftmin/iery for the said County of Middlefexy and for the said County of Surry, and for the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surry respectively (which Warrant or Warrants the said Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and issue) ; and for W<mt of fumcient Diftrefs to be found for that Purpose, the said Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said City of Westminster, the said County of Middlefexy the said County of Surry, or the said Borough of South-•work in the said County of Surry, there to remain for any time to be limited by such Juftice or Justices, not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Officers, Men and Horfes, belonging to His Majefty’s Horse or Dragoons, and also all Bat and Baggage Horfes belonging to any of His Majefty’s other Foroes, and also the Horfes belonging to Staff and Field Officers in His Majefty’s Forces when upon actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majefty’s Regulations, shall and may be quartered and billetted in the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houfes and other Houfes in which Officers and Soldiers are by this A6t allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they shall be received and furnished by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houfes and other Houfes in which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetteed with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horfes, paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates hereinafter mentioned, to be payable out of the Subfiftcnce Money for Diet and small Beer, and Hay and Straw for such Horfes.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of His Majefty’s Horse or Dragoons, or any other Horfes as aforesaid, shall be quartered or billetted upon the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Alehouse, Victualling House or other House in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this ACt, who have no Stables; then and in such case, and upon Complaint made by the Person or Persons having no Stables, to Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horfes shall be so quartered and billetted, and upon his or their making such Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons or other Horfes, as such Justices shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and their Horfes or such Horfes only as the case may be, to be removed and quartered upon some other Person or Persons who by this ACfc are liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and billetted upon them who have Stables, and to order and fettle a proper Allowance to be made by the Person or Persons having no Stables, in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horfes, so to be removed as aforesaid 5 and also to order and direCt that such Allowance shall be paid by the Person or Persons from whom such Mea and Horfes mall be removed, to or amongll the Person or

Perfons

Imj'rifbnrnent.

Officers, Men, and Horfes, belonging the Horse or Dragoons, and also Bat and Baggage HorlVs, Ac. how quartered, Ac.

Dragoons, Ac. quartered on Persons who have no Stables, may be removed to those who have Stables, Ac.

74

Dragoon*, &c. andiheir Horfes billette'l in the fame Houfes.

Manner of

changing Men and Horfes.

Officers taking Money to excuse Pei Ion from quartering.

Puniftiment.

Constables,&c. taking Money to excuse any Per-fon from quartering ;

and on Victuallers refusing to quarter Soldiers.

C17.	530	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Persons to whom such Men and Horfes shall be so removed as aforesaid or to be applied in the furnifliing of Quarters for the Reception of such Men and Horfes, as the case may require, and as such Justices shall think fit.

4 LVI And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen and mar 4 arise in such Places where Horse or Dragoons are or may be 4 quartered, by the billetting of the Men and their Horfes at 4 different Houses, and often at great Diltances from one another,

4 contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Places where Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered or bhletted in pursuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Horfes shall be billetted in one and the fame House (except in case of Neceility); and that in no other case whatsoever there be less than One Man billetted where there shall be One or Two Horfes, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horfes, and so in Proportion for a greater Number ; and in such case each Man shall be billetted as near his Horse as pofiible.

4 LVI I. And whereas some Doubts have arisen whether Com-4 mandirig Officers of any Regiment, Troop or Company, may ex-4 change any Men or Horfes quartered in any Town or Place,

* with another Man or Horse quartered in the fame Place, for the 4 Benefit of the Service ;* Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commanding Officer respectively, provided the Number of Men or Horfes do not exceed the Number at that time billetted on such House or Houfes ; and the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers, and Magiftratcs of the Cities, Towns and Villages or other Plac s where any R giment, Troop or Company, shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men and HorEs so exchanged accordingly.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, Ti.at if any Officer shall take or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excuung the quartering of Officers or Soidlers, or any of them, in any Houle allowed by this Ad. every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any High Constable, Conftuble, Beadle or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, hy virtue or c lour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any Officers or Soidlers, shall n eg led or retufe to quarter or billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act direde ', provided fufficicut Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contradfc or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person liable by this Ad to have ar y Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or vidual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid ; or shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Diredions of this Ad, the several things

hereinafter

75

AJXi8i3-	53°	GEO. III.	C.	17.	.

hereinafter refpe&tvely directed to be furnished or allowed to Non Commiflioned Officeis or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid 5 or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate hereinafter mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confeffion or by the Oath of One or more credible Witneis or WitnefTes (which Oath the said Juftice or Juflices is and are hereby empowered to adminifler), every such High Constable, Constable,

Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for Penalty, every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings

ias the said Juftice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, lall in liis or their Difcretion think fit) ; to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Juftice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convisted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifn where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of Five Pounds, riow levied, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Fort^ ap,lied,&c. Shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first Place in making such Satisfaction to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billetted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Juftice or Justices shall order and direct 5 and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh if in England and to the Churchwardens of the Parifh if in Ireland, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of the said Parifh.

LX. And, for the better preventing Abufes in quartering or Justices may or-billetting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Aft, be it further enacted dcr ^)nrtableS to by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and dumbero^So!-for any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace within their diers quartered, respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of the United &c.

Kingdom, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or f Seal, t s or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of this Aft, to require and command any High Constable, Constable,

Beadle or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Aft, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Juftice or Justices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the Names of the Houfekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Houfekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houfes 5 to the end it may appear to the said Juftice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abufes in the quartering or billetting of them.

JLX1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Juftice* may ex-lawful for any Juftice of the Peace at the Requeft of any Officer or tend Routes and Non Commiflioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring enlarge Quarters-

Quarters

76

Office’* - ill Soldiers to p«v Rates for Diet.

Tn what case of Innhold* rs fur-niihing Men quaitered with Candles, Sec. gratis, Sec. the Men to provide their own Victuals and Small Beer.

Officers receiving the Pay to fettle Demands of Innkeepers.

Rates to Ton-keepers for Diet.

C.17.

530 GEO. III.

A.D.i8i3»

8uarters or Billets, in any case in which il shall appear to fuck fficer or Juftice that better Accommodation can be given to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the Diftrid within which Quarters and Billets shall be required, to enlarge such Route, and extend such Quarters and Billets in such manner as shall be most , convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted ; any thing in this Ad or any other Ad, or any Law or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billetted as aforesaid, shall be received and fumiffied with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes9 Vidualling Houfes and other Houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Ad; paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

LXII I. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non Commiffion Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Adi (except on a March or employed in recruiting, -nd likewise except the Recruits by them railed, for the Space of Seven Days at mod for such Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting and the Recruits by them raifed}, 4hall be desirous to fumiffi such Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, gratis, and allow to such Non Commiffion Officers or Soldiers the Ufe of Fire, and the necefTary Utenfils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the fame accordingly; then and in such case the Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Viduals and Small Beer; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay and Subfiftence of such Non Commiffion Officers and Soidlers, shall pay the several Sums hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer to the Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	c.	43.

§ I. pofl; and as to Dieting on March and Recruitings c. 43. $ 4—9.

M J

LXIV. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majefty’s Duties of Excife better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, every Omcer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay or Subfiftence Money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, fettle theiuft Demands of all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quaitered by virtue of thia Ad, out of the Pay and Subfiftence of such Officers and Soidlers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subfiftence be distributed to either of them refpedivcly: Provided the (aid Demands exceed not, for a Commiffion Officer of Horfe9 being under the Degree of a Captain*

for

L.ooq le

77

A.D.i8i3»	53°	GEO.	IIL	C.17.

for such Officer** Diet and Small Beer per Diem, Two Shillings; nor for One Commiffion Officer of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling 5 nor for One Commiffion Officer of Foot, unaer the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling ; nor for One Light Horfeman’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Dragoon’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Foot Soldier’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Five pence 5 nor for each Horse which shall be quartered under the Authority of this Aft, for Hay and Straw for such Horse, per Diem, Six pence (/j): And if any Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, shall not satisfy, content and pay the fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witneffes, at the next Quarter Seffions for the County or City where such Quarters were (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Seffions are hereby authorized and required to administer), the Secretary at War in England, and the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the said Judices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the fame is owing) to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the lame againd such Officer.	(a) [ij. 2d. c. 43.

§ 3 • P?ft' ]

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Troop or Company being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodgiugs of the Men, and Stabling for the Horfes as aforesaid, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person with whom such Troop or Company may have been quartered, and sign a Certificate thereof, which Account and Certificate shall be tranlmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, that immediate Payment may be made, which he is hereby required to make accordingly, and to charge the fame to the Account of such Officer.

LXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Aft authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houfes hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Soldier, in any such Houses, against the Confent of the Owners, the Party offending, if an Officer of the Army, shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court Martial, be cashiered 5 and if a Constable, Tithingman or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upou Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Juftice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of such Juftice by Diftrefs and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after dedufting reasonable Charges in taking the fame.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County, Town or Place, where any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, in that Part of Great Britain called Mugkmdf in case such Non Commiffion Officer or Private Soldier

have

Officers not (a-

tisfying Accounts Penalty charged against them by the Agents.

Quarters not paid for before Marching of Troops, Certificate of Amount transmitted to Agent.

Soldiers* Wive*, &c. not quartered without Confent.

Penalty.

Soldiers'Settlements for their Wive* and Children when quartered in England.

78	C. 17.	530 GEO. Ill-	A.D.i8i3«

have either Wife or Child or Children* to cause such Non Commiffion Officer or Soldier to be summoned before them, in the Town or Place where such Non Commiffion Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Jullice is hereby empowered to administer) ; and such Non Commiffion Officers and Private Soldiers as aforesaid are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make AffiaftcdC°Py0f	accordingly;	and	fuch Jullice is hereby required to give an

VJt*	attefled Copy of such Affidavit so made before him to the Perfon

maki .g the fame, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required ; which attelled Copy shall be at any time admitted in Evidence, as to such last legal Settlement, before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Non Commiffion Officer or Private Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attelled Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Non Commiffion Officer or Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to bis legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

Carriages for LXVJII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Forces marching That, for the better and more regular Provifion of Carriages for His Majelly’s Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements in England\ Ireland and Walesy and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precin&s, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Foroes, or the Mafter General or Lieutenant General of His Majefty’s Ordnance, if in Englandy Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majefty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and (hewn unto One or more of them by the Quarter Mafter, Adjutant or other Officer or Non Commiflioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to march, lfTue out his or their Warrants to the Conflables or Petty Con (tables of, or to any Con liable or Conflables acting or having Authority to a& in the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precindt, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provifion of Carriages, and Hordes or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the fiud Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the Warrant! to fpe- neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and specifying city Places to in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the laid which Carriages Carriages shall, by virtue of such Orders as aforesaid, be required full travel,Ice. travel, which shall not exceed the Day’9 March of the Troops, as prtferibed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, unless in case of prefflng Emergency or Neceffity, and shall in no case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence ; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Divifion or Precintt, then the Juftice or Juftices

of

79

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division,

shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or (hewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Conftables or Petty Condables of such next County,

Riding, Liberty, Divifion or PrecinA, as shall be moil convenient for the Purpofes aforesaid, according to their respective Jurifdi&ions, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Judices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Condable or Petty Condable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the fame time, to pay down in Hand to the said Condable or Petty Condable, for the Ufe of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sums hereinafter mentioned respectively, for which respective Sums so received the said Condable or Petty Condable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be damped) to the Person or Persons paying the fame : And such Condable, or Petty Condable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and fumiffi such Carriages and Horfes and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnidi the fame accordingly ; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such Waggon,

Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be fubje<5t to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be dopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Ad 5 any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding:

And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Ufe of whose Re- Officer* forcing giment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, WaKons to mall force and condrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to Magift«te*« travel beyond the Didance fpecined in the Magidrate’s Warrant, Warrant or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their Return Home fp€cifies,&c.

00 the fame Day, if it be pradicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are fick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid; or (hail force any Condable or Petty Condable, by threatening or menacing Words to y provide Saddle Horfes for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horfes from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Soldiers 5 every penajt such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the MiHtaiy Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Judices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, and for deducing the lame out of such Officer’s Pay.

LX1X. And

8o

Rites paid for Carriages in England.

Pronto.

Rates of Carri-agein Irelaad.

C.17.	53" GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the sums to be paid into the Hands of such Constable or Petty Constable in England, Walts and Berwick upon Tweedy shall be according to the following Rates; that is to fay, the Sura of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horfes shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with Narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horfes respectively, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, (hail travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horfes, shall travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel, according as the fame shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District, assembled at any General Seflions of the Peace for such County or Diftri&, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates: Provided always, that in cases where the Day’s March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compenfation shall be made aod paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magiftrate who granted the Warrant for impreifiDg them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided always, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Seflions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling, and Nine pence, and Six pence per Mile respectively, shall* specify the Period for which the fame shall be in force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Seflions of the Peace for such County or Diftrid next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Order, signed by the Chairman or presiding Magistrate, and one other Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate at the Quarter Seflions at which the fame shall be made, shall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided also, that in every case of any increased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Juftice of the Peace granting or signing the Warrant shall insert ia his own Hand, the Amount of such increased Rate for each Defcription of Carriage as so authorised by the Justices at the Quarter Seflions as aforesaid; and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non Commiflioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of such increased Rate ; and no increased Rate shall be demanded, but such as shall be so inserted by the Juftice in the Warrant.

‘ LXX. And whereas from various local Circumstances, the < Rates of Carriage in Ireland cannot be regulated in the fame

manner

•k

A.D.iOi j.	53°GEO. lit	C.	17.

manner as the Rate in England ;* Be it therefore enabled, That the Sums to be paid into the Hands of any such Conitable or Petty Con-ftable as aforesaid in Irelandy shall be as follows; that is to fay, For every Hundred Weight which the’Owner or Owners of any Wheel Carriage shall take as Loading on such Wheel Carriage the Sum of One Penny and One sixth Part of a Penny for every Mile or reputed Mile he or they shall therewith march, or according to such Rate as shall be fixed and ordered by the J11 If ices of the Peace for any County or DiftriS, the said Judices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates.

• LXX1. And whereas it may fometiir.es become necessary, in

*	cafes of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy means for the

*	Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arrr.6, Clothes, Accou-

*	trements, Tent9, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to r His Majefty’s Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers,

*	Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and be-

*	longing to such Forces : And whereas it is expedient that Proviliou € should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as 4 His Majeify or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor in

*	Ireland may in such cases think fit to issue, in pursuance of the

4 Powers by Law vested in Him for the Advancement of the general 4 Good and public Welfare of the Realm;’ Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for His in cafrs of Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors Emergency Juf-in Irelandy by His or their Order, distinctly daring that such case of dee? may bere-Eraergency doth exid, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in ^,redt” Ireland by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence by the Under providing SaJdle Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, to any Hones and General or Field Officer commanding His Majefty’s Forces in any Four wheeled Diftridl or Place, or to the Commiflary in Chief of Stores and Provi- Carriages let to fions at Home, or Person a£ting in that Capacity, to authorize fuch	0

General or Field Officers or Commiflary in Chief as aforesaid, or

Person aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Jultices of the Peace within their several Counties,

Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties and Precindts in England, 7/r-landy lEales and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned; and fHch Juftice or Judices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and (hewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Mailer, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company,

£0 ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commiflary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the County, Di-tifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provifton not only of Waggons, Wains, Cart9 and Cars kept by, or belonging to, any Person or Persons, and for any Ufe or Purpofe whatloever, but also of Saddle Horfes, Coaches, Chaifes and other Four«wheeIed Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpofe ; and also of Boats, Barges and other Veffols, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure or of Goods, Wares or 53 Geo. III.	G	Merchandizes

I*

Officer* demand log them, to pt^ for their Hire such Sums as Jufticeslhall 4irt&

Coo (la We to give a Receipt without Stamp, and to order Horfes, Acc. to be provided.

What things may be conveyed on such Carriages, Sc'c.

Oficers forcing Horfcs, dec. to

C.i7»	jyGEOalll.	AJ3.i	lij»

Merchandises! or tny other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, ipo« any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horfes to nvc, navigate and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the (aid W Tint ©r Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Diflance to which such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men fh. A go and be conveyed, and allowing such Con liable* fufEcient tit e to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not a ways bear the Burthen; and in case such (uf&ctent Carriages, Horfes, 1 oats. Barges or other Veffels and Men cannot be provided withii any such County, Riding, DiviGon, Hundred, City, Liberty or Pre in&, then the next Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the next Co tnty. Riding, DiviGon, City, Liberty or Precin&, shall, upon such R ?qui-fition in Writing as lad aforesaid being brought or (hewn t< aay One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue 1 is or their Warrant or Warrants to the ConG&bles, or Petty Conftabl «, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, DiviGon, Hundred or Precin&, for the Punpofes lad aforesaid, to make up such DeGcii ticy; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the afoi efaid Warrant or Warrants from the Judice or Justices of the Peace, are* to demand the Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels therein mentioned, of the Con ft able or Petty Cooftable to whovi the (aid Warrant or Warrants shall be dire&cd, is and are hereby reu uirrd at the fame time to pav down in Hand to the laid Condable or J Vtty Condable, for the Ufe of the Perfbn or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men, fetch veafonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Judice or Ju&icea shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and dured* not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Pod Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty,or Tolls are hereby declared not to be tlemandable or payable in such and the like cales, for any such Car* riages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, whilst employed iir such Service or returning therefrom ); for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Condable or Petty Condable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and such Condable or Petty Couliable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having, fuck Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men, withkt their respective Liberties as they shall think proper, to. provide aad furnish such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels: and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are. hereby! required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly y and it shall and may be lawful in such cases, to and for all aad every Military Officer and Officers, for the life of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels shall be provided in such cases, to cany and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame refpeo tively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Toot© and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Com* pany, but alio the Officers, Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to the fame $ any thing hereit* contained to the contrary thereof notwithftaoding: But if any fuck

Officer

A.Di ittj.

SyGtti. In*

C. 17.

Officer or Officer* fall force or conftraan arty Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Veflel, to travel or proceed beyond the Diftfince or Btace to be allowed and specified io such Warrant or Warrants, Without the special Licence or Order of One or more other such Juftice or Jufttces of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his nnd their reasonable Difcretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precind, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the fame County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or PrecinA, and for deducing the fame out of such Officer's Pay,

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Adfc, fhatt be liable or obliged, by virtue of this A&, to carry above Thirty hundred Weight; any thing in this A& contained to the Contrary notwithftandmg.

LXX1H. Provided also, and be it further enaAed, That no Owner of any such Carriage in Ireland fhatt be compelled or obliged to take any Loading until the fame shall be first duly weighed at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Carriage, if he or they shall think fit, and if the fame can be done in a reasonable time without Let or Hindrance of His Majefty's Service ; and if any Officer requiring such Carriage shall force or compel the Owner to take any Loading until the fame shall be first duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner of such Carriage, or his Servant, put or permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is hereinafter directed, either at the time of loading or on the March, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Party injured, upon such Proof and in such manner as is hereinbefore appointed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Carriage impressed by Authority of this A& in Ireland shall be liable or obliged to carry above Six hundred Weight; and if the Owner shall consent to carry above Six hundred Weight on any Carriage, he shall be allowed and paid at the Rate of One Penny One sixth Part pfr Mile for every Hundred above the Weight of Six hundred Pounds put mi his Carriage 5 and the Owner or Owners of such Carriage or Carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such Carriage or Carriages, under the Sum of Seven pence per Mile or reputed Mile at the least, in case he or they shall be required to carry a left Weight on such Carriage or Carriages than Six hundred Pounds Weight for each Carriage.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That Notice shall be given to the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin at least Twenty four Hours before the March of any Troops or fcompanies of Soldiers out of the laid City, or in case of Emergency, as long before such March as

G 2	the

travel beyond DUlance specified in Warrant, without Licence*

Penalty*

Pceeky.

What Weight Waggons, &c. to carry.

Owners or Carnages in Ireland not obliged to take Loading till weighed.

Penalty.

What Weight Carriages im-prefTed in Ireland obliged to carry.

Notice to Lord M.i y or of Dublin before March of Troops to provide Carriages.

C.i7,

S3*GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Uumber of Carriages for Troops in Ireland regulated by Lord ■ Lieutenant.

Constables, &c.

negle&ing

I>uty.

Penalty.

Offences how dercrmincd.

the nature of the case shall permit, of the Number of Troops or Companies appointed, to march ; whereupon the Lord Mayor for the time being shall summon a proportionable Number of Cars out of the Licenced Cars, Brick Cars, and other Cars within the County of the said City, and so from time to time the said Cars are by Turns to be employed in carrying the Baggage of such Troops or Companies, at the Prices and under the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned; and it is hereby directed that no Country Cars or Carriages coming to the Market of the said City, nor any Cars or Carriages coming to any of the Markets in Ireland, shall be detained or employed agaiuft the Will of the Owners, in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland, shall be from time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Proportion to the Efta-bljfhment of such Troop or Company ; and the Sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of lucb Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforesaid, and an Account of the fame being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account shall have been certified by the Quarter Mafler General, to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations prescribed by this Ad.

LXXVI I And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any High Constable or Petty Conftaffle, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Juitices ot thq Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other VefTels as aforesaid ; or shall demand or receive for the Ufe of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars or Carriages, more than the Rates hereinbefore allowed refpedivcly ; or if any Person or Perfoiis, appointed by such Constable or Petty Conflable to provide or furnifii any Carriage, Man, Horse, Boat, Barge or other Veffel, shall refuse or neglect to provide the fame ; or if such Person or Persons, or. any other Person or Perfonf whatsoever, shall wilfully do any Ad or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefa than Forty Shillings, to the Ufe of the Poor of such Parifh or Pa* rifhes adjoining to the Parifh where such Offence shall be committed, as shall be fixed upon by the Juftice or Justices by whom such Offence shall be enquired of, heard and determined : And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may'be enquired of, heard and finally determined, by any One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Pe3cc* dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who has hereby Power to caufc the said Penalty to be levied by Difr tress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners.

LXXVIII. And

-

A. D. 1813.

53* GEO. III.

-c. 1?.

Rates paid hefcra Carriages proceed on March.

Officers and Soldier s, &c. on Duty and Carriages, See. employed in His Ma jefty*s Service, exempted from Payment of Tolls;

LXXVIIt. And be it further enacted, That the Condable oV Petty Constable to whom such Money shall have been so paid in Ireland, is and are hereby required, before the Owner of any Carriage or Horse in Ireland shall be compelled to take any Loacting, or be forced to proceed in the March with his Carriage, to pay down in Hand to the Owner of such Carriage, or his Servant, the full Sum to which the Owner of such Carriage would be entitled for the March in the said Warrant directed to be made, according to the Rate at which such Constable or Petty Condable shall have been so paid for the fame as aforesaid.

1 LXXIX. And whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions 4 from Toll, expressly allowed by several Afts of Parliament for His

*	Majefty’s Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horfes

*	and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arisen whether in all

*	cafes not so exempted, the Officers and Soidlers, and the Carriages

*	and Horfes, belonging to His Majedy or employed in His Service,

4 and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of 4 Tolls ;* therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby ena&cd and declared. That all His Majefty’s Officers and Soidlers, and their Horfes, on Duty or on their March, and all Carriages and Horfes be-longing to His Majedy, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers,

Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of or belonging to His Majefty’s Foroes, or the Arms, Clothe3, Accoutrements,

Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majedy**

Forces on their Marches, or any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commif-fariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majedy, or for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Foroes, or returning therefrom, were and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwise demandable by virtue of any Aft of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horfes or Carriages passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, unless by such Aft it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soidlers, Carriages and Horfes,’ are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken :

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Exception* Payment of Tolls any Boats, Barges or other Veflels employed in conveying the Officers, Soidlers, Servants, Women, Children or other Persons of or belonging to His Majefty’s Foroes, or the Arms,

Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of

or belonging to His Majefty’s Foroes, or any Military. Stores, along any Canal, but .the fame shall he liable to Toil in like manner as other Coats, Barges and Veflels are liable thereto.

* LXXX. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Aft 4 appointed to be paid to the Conftables by the Officers demanding

*	fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Vefleis, may not,

*	in many cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expence of

*	providing the fame, insomuch that the said Conftables may fre-4 auently be at great Charges over and above what is received by 4 them of the said Officers, to the great Burthen of the Townfhips

*	of which they are Constables, or elfe the Persons providing fuch

*	Carriages are grievously oppressed For Remedy whereof, and that the said Overplus Charge may be borne by each County or Riding at the general Charge of such County or Riding; Be it

G 3	further

Treasurer of

County to repay Comtablcs ex* triordinary Charges*

C. f).

53-GEO. HI.

A-D. i#i|.

Money for the Purpofe how ^iied.

Officer!, <5te. quartered in Scotland, «s Laws in force at theUnioudiredi.

Carriage* in Scotland, hour

provided

How Troopf to pay in pafling over Fetriei in Scotland.

further enacted by the Authority afpresaid, That the Treasurer or

Treafurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay uuto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sunt or Suras of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, out of the Public Stock, of such County or Kiding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the (aid Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Seffions assembled, within their respective Jurifdi&ions, /hall from time to time, during the Continuance of this A6t, make, direct and appoint (which Orders /hall be made without Fee or Reward) ; regard being always had to the Seafon of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which such Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, are to travel and pass.

LXXXI. And, in case the said Public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purpofes for which it was raised) to iatiefy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels before mentioned, it is hereby further enacted. That the said Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Seffions, /hall have Power from time to time, to raise Monies upon the refpeCfive Counties or Ridings, in such manner as they now raise Monies for County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels.

LXXXI I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it /ball and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houles as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England ; and that the Poffeffors of such Houfeg /hall only be liable to furni/li the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the time of the said Union wag provided ; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he /hall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces from time to time quartered or marching Jn Scotland, shall be provided in like manner, and at the Rates, and the Furni/her of such Carriages /hall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have Occafion in their March to pals regular Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it /hall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pass over with his Party, as Paffengers, or to hire the Ferry Boat entirely to himself and nis Party, debarring others for that time in hig Option ; and in case he shall chooie to take Paffage for himself and Party as Paffengers, he shall only pay for himself and for each Person, Officer or Soldier under his Command, Half of the ordinary Rate payable by iingle Persons at any such Ferry | and in case he mall hire the Ferry Boat for himself and Party, he /hall pay Half of the ordinary Rat£ for such Boat or Beats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Pa/Tengers hire Boat? at the Rate they cap

agrqe

»7

A.D.1813,	$3«gbo.	in.	c.	17.

tgret for, Officers, with of without Parties, are to agree for Boats at the Rate as other Persons do in the like cases.

LXXXV. And, for the better Preservation of Game in or near officers or Sol-fuch Place where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any time be quar- dim deftruyiug tered, be k enabled by tl»e Authority aforesaid, That if, from and Gome, after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, any Officer or Soldier shall without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal firll had and obtained, take, kill ordestroy, any Hare, Coney, Pheafant, Partridge,

Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fi(h, or His Majefty’s

Game, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and

upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible One WimefW

Witnefs or Witneffes, convicted before any Jnftice or Judices of

the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear

and determine the fame; that is to fay, every Officer so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to Penaky,

be distributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence (hall

be committed; and every Officer commending in Chief upon the Place,

for every such Offence committed by any Soldier under his Com*

mand, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid and Penalty.

diftributed in manlier aforesaid: And if upon ConvifHon made by

the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the

Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or

negle&j and not within Two Days pay the said respective Penalties,

such Officer so refusing or ncgledting shall forfeit, and he is hereby

declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commiflion is hereby Penalty.

declared to be null and void.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who Persons receiving shall receive inlifting Money from any Officer employed on the Re* inliftwg Mony Cruiting Service, or from any Non Commifiioned Officer or Private <,Cc0,< m Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party under the Command of such Officer, or from any Person employed on the Recruiting Service, he being an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be inlifted as a Soldier In HU Majefty’s Service, and shall while he shall remain with the Re* cruking Party be intilled to be billetted and quartered as a Soldier in HU Majefty’s Service 5 provided always, that every such person so Provifi* jnlifted shall be entitled to all the Benefits herein enacted for the Relief of Persons hastily inlifting themselves,	#

. LXXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and !f ? .??. 0M

declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the (aid thenifelvei. ^

Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

.thirteen, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be infilled

as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majefty’s Laud Service, he or they

ffiall within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours,

after such infilling respectively, be carried or go with some Officer,

Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier Belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be inlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlisted, before some Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place,

Or Chief A^agiftratc of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and acting for the Diviftdn or Diftrift where such Person or Persons shall have been inlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such JitfUce or Chief Magiftratc he or they shall he at Liberty to declam

G*	'hit

Such Persons not paying Inlifting Subfil" tcncc Money wii'.hn limited time d .em^ d in-lifted ; in which cfae ur if they inlift, the Juf* tii.es to read over them certain Sections of Articles of War and administer cei tain Oaths.

Recruits inlifted under 39 G. 3. c. 109 for E.I. Company’s Service, &c. to take Oath of Allegiance.

Recruits inlifted under 5c G 3 c. 87. to take Oaths inSche-dules (G.) and

(H.)

C. 17.	53* GEO. III.	A.D. 1815,

his or their Diflcnt to stich inlisting; and upon fnch Declaration and returning the Inliftin^r Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law for the Subfiftence or Diet and Small Beer furniftied to such Recruit Ctib-fequent to the Period of his having been inlisted, such Person or Per-fons so inlifting shall be forthwith ditcharged and fet at Liberty, it* the Prefence of such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or negleet, within the Space of Twenty* four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Aflei.t thereto before the said Jufticc or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himself or themselves, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Prefence to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Seftion, and the First Article of the Sixth Seftion, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons icfpeftively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of inlifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlifting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.), if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the case of Recruits inlNled to serve either in His Majefty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Aft palled in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled yin Ad for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Aft annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Aft of the Thirty ninth of Hia Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (E.) 5 and the Jufticc or Chief Magiftrate shall certify such Inlift-ment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (F.) ; and except also in the case of Recruits inlifted for the special Purpofe of serving in the East Indies, in the Forces of the East India Company only, in pursuance of an Aft palled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend Two Ads relating to the raffing Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering and billctting such Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which case every stich Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Aft, of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (G.), and instead of the Oath of Service

contained

C^ooQLe

A.D.1813.

53°GEO. III.

C. 17.

89

contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Aft annexed, shall, take the Oath directed to he taken by. the said recited Afct of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the -Schedule to this-Aft annexed, marked (H.), and the Juftice or Magiftrate shall certify stich Inliftment and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (1.) 5 and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, fhMl wilfully -refufe to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Juftice or Chief Magiftrate* it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received fiich Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Perforts until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity ; and every Military Officer that shall aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, ftiall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Aft to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Mufter; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the fame manner a9 any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Aft to be levied or recovered : Provided always, that every Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall inlift any Recruit, shall at the time of such inlifting enquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of-fuch Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the fame to the Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Recruit-ing Party to be so taken down : Provided also, ‘that it shall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily inlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Diffent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Diffent under this Aft, notwithstanding no Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer dr Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magiftrate upon the Examination of such Recruit, or if any other Person, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was inlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Commiffioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Juftice of the Peace ; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Difeharge {hail be kept by tne Juftice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiiing Party entitled thereto demanding the fame : Provided always, that in every case wherein any Person shall have received inlifting Money, and shall have ab-fconded or have absented himself from the Party as aforesaid, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Magiftrate before whom the Recruit would regularly have been brought for Attefta-tion, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Refidenceof such Person, and the Magiftrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Person who had ablconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty*6 Secretary at War, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary as aforesaid, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deferter, the Fafts of his having received inlifting Money, and having abfeonded, may be ascertained, before he be finally adjudged to be a Deferter as having been duly inlifted.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted. by the Authority aforesaid, That If any Person or Persons shall receive the iulifting Money

from

Penalty.

Name and Ro-lidence of Recruits taken down.

Justices may discharge Persons haitily inlilting themt'elyes, on paying inlilting Money.

Magiftrate* to transmit to Secretary at War Duplicates of Certificates of Name and Re-fidence of Pcr-(ons receiving in-lifting Money, and absconding.

Persons receiv-ing iulifting

Money and ab-

fcfending, *cc. deemed inlifted.

C.17.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1619.

Ferfon* concealing Infirmities on inlifting tranf-ferred to Garri-fon, Veteran or Invalid Battalions, or Marines*

Ferfont malting false Repiefenta-tions for Purpofe of obtaining Bounty, guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences. 30 Qi, 2*024.

from any such Officer, Non Commtflioned Officer, Private feoldkr, ot other Person employed on the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abfeond, or refuse to go before such Juft ice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such inlifting Moisey as aforesaid, shall thereafter absent bimfe’f from the Recruiting Party with which he inlisted, or Person with whom he inlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person inlifting him, to go before fume Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, under th# Provifiont of this A6fc, within such Period of Four Days aforesaid* such rerfon shall be deemed to be inlisted, and a Soldier in His Ma-jefty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if be had Been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a De* ferter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Puniihment of Mutiny and Defertion; nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person inlifting him as afore* said, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfa&ion of such Juftice of the Peace that the true Name and Refidence of the Person inlifted was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Parly# and that no Notice was given to the Person inlifted or left at his lad usual Place of Abode of his having so inlisted,

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall inlift into His Majefty’s Foroes, and who shall be difeovered to be incapable of active Service, by reason of any Infirmity which (haH have been concealed by such Person, or not declared before the Juf«* tice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrifon or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majefty’s Marine Foroes, notwithftaod# mg he shall have inlifted for any particular Regiment; any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations re* lating to Soidlers, to the contrary notwithstanding*

XC. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall know* ingly, wilfully and designedly make any false Reprefeutation of any Particular contained in the Oaths reipedlively marked (A.) and (B-) and Certificates marked (C.) and (D,) in the Schedule to this A& respectively contained and annexed, before the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate at the time of his Attestation, finr the Pui> pose of obtaining and shall obtain any inlifting Money or any Bounty For entering into His Majefty’s Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Mouey under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Adt patted in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled Am A3 for the more ejfeftual Punifhment of Persons who shall attain or attempt to attain Pojfeffton of Goode or Money by fetife or untrue Pre* fencej ; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods ; for the emfy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by journeyman. Labourers» Servants and apprentices $ and the Prod&dlion of such Certificate, and Proof of the Hand-writing ot the Juftice of the Peace giving fu£h Certificate, (bail be fuf&cient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath fwom by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Juftice at the time of his infilling.

|	*	«	XCJ,	An4

“N

A(D« iS i

53* GEO. IIL

C.17.	51

4 XCT. And whereas various Persons are in the Habit of advert

* tiling for Recruits for Regiments of the Line, the Militia, and for

4 the Service of the Honourable the Eafl India Company, and alio

4 under Pretence of procuring Subftitutes for the fame, to the great

4 Detriment of the Service;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That Advertiftn* 'or

all Persons whatever who shall, after the paffmg of this A A, adver- Reciurts autho-

tife, pod or disperse Bills for the Purpofe 0? procuring Recruits r“e<1*

or Subftitutes in any manner whatever, without the express Permiffion

in Writing of the Adjutant General, if for the Line or Militia,

or of the Court of Diredors, if for the Honourable Eafl India

Company’s Service, or receive any Recruit as aforesaid at his Houfe

or Office under any such Bill or Advertjfement, shall forfeit the

Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered Penalty,

on Convi&ion before Two Magistrates, One Moiety to the Informer

and the other to the Poor of the Parifli where such Information (hall

be laid, and on Default thereof shall be committed to the Common

Gaol or other public Prifon, at the Difcretion of the Magistrates,

for any Period not exceeding Three Months, and not less than One Imprifonment.

Month for each and every such Offence.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly bound Apprentices iti-gs an Apprentice shall inlift as a Soldier in His Maiefty’s Land Ser* liitiugthem-vice, and shall state to the Juftice of the Peace, or Magiftrate before fcive8, whom he shall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Correction, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, PuniOraKirt, may be indicted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences under the Provifions of the said recited A& of the Thirtieth 30 G. a. c.a^ Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeihip, whether such Person shall have been so convicted and puniflied or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty *s Regular Porccs ; and if, on the Expiration of his Apprenticed)ip. he shall not deliver himself to i'ome Officer authorized to receive Recruits, f»ay be ta^en as a Deferter from His Majefty’s Forces.

XCIII. And be it further enacted. That no Mafter in England Matters in Engy shall be intitled to claim any Apprentice, who shall, after the passing kud in whac cati| of this A&, inlift as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Service, uulefs rotenmL-d to such Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the	iTrtn:

full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Four-	J

teen when so bound $ and if In Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and uulefs such Mafter shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before such Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule oath, to this A& annexed, marked (G.}, and produce the Certificate of such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule tq this A& an. pexed, marked (L.J.

XCIV. And be it further enacted. That no Mafter in Scotland How Mailers iq shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing Scotland shall gf this A&t hdift as a Soldier in His Majefty’* Land Service, unleis proceed to re.

fuch

fpt	53°	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	i8iy.

cover Apprentices.

Matters in Scotland, in what case not precluded from claiming Apprentices.

52 G. 3. c.22. §85.

Matters of Apprentices inlying confentng, entitled to receive Part of Bounty Money.

Apprentices claimed by Matters carried be foie a Juttice and committed.

fiich Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at lead Four Years by a regular Contra# or Indenture of Apprent ticeship, duly extended, signed and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Inliftment, and unless such Contra# or Indenture so duly executed, shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Inliftment, have been produced to a Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Juftice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Person by whom such Contra# or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Mafter, be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Mafter shall, within. One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before some Juftice of the Peace, and before such Juftice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A# annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Juftice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this A# annexed, marked (L.).

XCV. Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That no Mailer in Scotland shall be precluded from claiming any Apprentice who shall hereafter inlift, by reason of the Contra# or Indenture not having been produced to a Juftice of the Peace in the manner dire#ed by the A# of the last Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for funijhing Mutiny and Defcrtion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the time therein limited, provided the fame shall be produced to any Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and be indorsed as therein dire#ed, at any time within Three Months after the passing of this A#.

XCVI. And be it further ena#ed, That any Mafter of any Apprentice who shall have inlifted as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Forces shall, upon his consenting to give up the Indentures of Apprenticefhip within One Month after the inlifting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Ufe so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deduding therefrom Two Guineas, which shall be referred in order to provide the said Recruit with Neceffaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XCV 11. And be it further ena#ed, That no Apprentice, who shall be claimed by his Mafter, shall be taken from the Regiment, Troop or Recruiting Party, with which he mall be, but under a Warrant granted by some Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Stevrartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, and residing near to the Place where such Apprentice shall happen to be when lo claimed 5 and it shall be lawful for such Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Troop or Company or the Recruiting Party with which such Apprentice shall then be, or some Non Com.-miilioned Officer of such Recruiting Party, of such Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with such Officer or Non Commit

14	fioned

93

AD. 1813«	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	17.

fioned Officer, and of such Person being an Apprentice, and having

cnlifted and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Produdlion and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeffiip, to commit such Person so offending as aforesaid, if required so to do by such Officer or Non Commillioned Officer as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Diviiion, City, Liberty or Place, where such Person shall be at the time when he shall be so claimed by his laid Mailer, there to remain until he shall be discharged by due Courfe of Law, or, if not so required, to deliver such Apprentice to his Mailer.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, so residing near to the Place where the Apprentice shall be claimed as aforesaid, except in Scotland, as hereinafter mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alleged againll such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magiftrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep iu his Cuftody the Indenture of Apprenticeffiip, to be produced as Occafion shall require, and to bind over the Mailer claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is hereinafter dire6ted to be had, against such Person so offending; and the Produ&ion of such Indenture of Ap-prenticeship, with the Certificate of the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate that the fame was proved before him, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Indenture of Apprenticeffiip.

XCIX. And be it further ena&cd, That every such Offender, except in Scotland, as hereinafter mentioned, may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or Seffions of Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender’s being brought before such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate as aforesaid, or the Seffions immediately succeeding such next Seffions, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Caufe.

C. And be it enacted. That every such Offender in Scotland shall and may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in such County or Stewartry, in such and the like manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punilhment.

CL And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler to whom any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Cuftody for any Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprifonment, shall give One Month’s Notice to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence to the Under Secretary for the Military Department, before the Day on which the Imprifonment of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence, of the Period of Expiration of such Imprifonment.

Cl I. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person whatever except an Apprentice, who has inlifted or shall inlift himself into His Majefty’s Service as a Soldier as aforesaid, shall be liable to be arrested or taken out of His Majefty’s Service, by reason of the Warrant of any Magiftrate or Magiftiates, on account <of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or*work for any Mafter or Employer what soever.

CIII. Pro-

J uftices to examine unon O ah, and to keep Indenture to bv produced on Trial.

Offenders tried at next Quarter Setfions,

in Scotland by J udge Ordinary.

Gaolers to give previous Notice to Secretary at War, &c of Expiration of Imprifonment of Soldiers.

No Person except Apprentice liable to be taken out of Service, for Breach of Contract.

digitized by 

94

In what cafr Servants entitled to Wages op to lima of milling.

Where Corp* beyond 9e»a relieved m or4er to return Home, such of the Men as choose may inlift, 6cq,

$oldi<»r« entitled to Ditcbarpe, Cent Home free pf Expence, and have Cond' ft and Marching Money Home.

Juftiopf may tummii Defter-terib

C17.	5j°GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

CIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per-fon who shall have been hired to serve any Mailer for a Year or other-wife, shall, before the Expiration of his Term of Service under such Hiring, inlift into His Majefty’s Service, such Person shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magiftrate shall think proper from his Mafter, for the time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall have failed, in confequertce of such inlisting, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under such Hiring.

CIV. And be it further enabled. That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Statin* or Pfoee beyond the Seas, in order to their Return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in Chief at such Station or Place refpec-tively, to inlift as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to rema n; and every Soldier so infilled shall be and is hereby deemed to be discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served ; and the Occafion of his quitting such former Corps shall be recited in the infilling Certificate ; a Duplicate, or an attelled Copy whereof, shall be delivered to such Soldier, to proteCl him from being any ways molested upon Sufpicion of his having deserted.

Cv. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Difcharge under any Orders or Regulations made by Hii Majesty, or upon the Expiration of any Period for which he (hail have engaged to serve, shall, if then serving abroad, be sent to Great Bri-tain or Ireland free of Expence, and, on his Return be entitled to and have and receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed to the Parilh Or Place in which he shall have been originally infilied, at the Rate per Diem fixed for victualling Soldiers on the March, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day’s March ; and every Soldier so entitled to his Difcharge, who shall be discharged at any Place iu the United Kingdom other than that in which he shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like Marching Money* from the Place of his Difcharge to the Place of his Attcftation at aforesaid.

* CVI. And whereas several Soidlers, being duly listed, do afterwards desert, and are often found wandering, or ©therwife abfent-ing themselves illegally from His Majesty*s Service/ it is hereby further enaCied, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably UffpeCted to be such a Defrner shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majefty’s Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or Caufe him to be brought before any Juftice cf the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such fufpeCted Person ; and if by his Consession, or the Teftimony of One or more Witnefs or Witnefies upon Oath, or by the Know* ledge of such Juftice of the Peace, it (nail appear or be found that such fufpeCted Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Juftice of the Peace shall forthwith cause hifn to be conveyed to the Gaol of the CoonTj^or

95

AJLiStj.	j3*GEO.	IIL	C17.

Place where he shall he found, or the House of Correction, or other public Prifon in such Town or Place where such Deferter shall be apprehended 5 or to the Savoy, in case such Deferter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Wefhmnjler, or Places adjacent; or to the Proroft Marfhal in case such Deferter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this ACt marked (N.), to the Secretary at War for the time being in London; or if the Deferter be apprehended in /rr-land, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governor* thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded againtt according to Law ; and the Keeper Keepers of of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prifon, in which such De-	00

ferter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subfiftence for the Maintenance of such Deferter during the time that he shall coo~ tjnue in his Cuilody, as by His Majefty’s Regulations is or shall from time to time be aircCted in that Behalf; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or other public Prifon of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deferter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deferter, who shall be delivered into his Charge and Cuftody by any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deferter under any lawful Order, Wary rant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace, on which such Deferter shall have born taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall bo entitled to One Shilling for the safe Cuftodv of the said Deferter, Fee, while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the March; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not with (landing.

CVII. And, for the better Encouragement of any rerfon or Reward for t*lo* Persons to secure or apprehend such Deferters from His Majefty’s in$ upDderur.^ Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Juftioe of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parifti or Townihip in Gnat Britain, where any Deferter shall be so committed, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of His Majefty’t Revenue io the DiftriA where any Deferter shall be so committed, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended* any Deferter from His Majcity's Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Deferter as shall be apprehended* and committed; which Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

CVUI. And be it further cnaacd, That aDy Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deferter from any xJef^ite/dcem^ Regiment' or Corps of His Majefty’s Regular or Militia Foroes, or «d duly inluled. who upon being apprehended for Defertion or any other Offence, frail in the Presence of the Magi it rate confefs himself to beNa Deferter

from

0

Concealing De-lc iters.

Penalty.

Receiving Arms, fa. of Soldiers or Deferters,

Sc:.

Penalty.

Buying Oats, Hay or Forage provided lor His Majelly’s Service.

Penalty.

Diftrefc.

C.i7t	53°GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

from any such Regiment or Corps, shall Sc deemed to hare been duly inlisted, and to be 3 Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majefty’s Foroes, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually inlifted as a Soldier or not.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deferter from His Majefty’s Service, knowing - him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every' such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Juftice of the Peace* by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the OfFender, One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deferter did belong ; and in case, any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deferter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded again ft him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Cotivi&ion; then and in such case such Juilice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months ; Provided also, that if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive from, any Soldier or Deferter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Proyifion provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, according to the Cuftom of the Army, being-provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horse or* Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Service, from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Con-viftion, by the Oath of One or more credible Witncfs or Witneffes, before any of His Majcfty’s Justices of the Peace, the said rc-fpe£tive Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Jufiicc of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender,. One Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer,- and One Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Rcfidue of the said refpeCtive Penalties to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corpa

to

97

AJD.t8i3'

530 GEO. HI.

to which any such Defertcr or Soldier did belong; and in case Receivers,Ac.

any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having

knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture

belonging to the King, or any such Meat, Drink, Beer or other

Proviftons, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental

Neceffaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be

changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or

other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horse or Horfes belonging

to His Majefty's Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing

him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counfclied, folicitea

or enticed any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such,

to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other

Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Adi, shall not

have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made

to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for fuch

Offence, or shall not pay Inch Penalties upon such Convidtion, or give

sufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four

Days from such Convidtion, then and in such case such Juftice

of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there Imprifonmert.

to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three

Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped

at the Difcretion of such Juftice.

CX. Provided always, That no Commiflioned Officer shall break Officer breaking open any House to search for Defertcrs, without Warrant from a °?en Ho^e Juftice of the Peace; and that every Commiffion Officer who shall ^t<cut #r" without Warrant from One or more of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the said Juftice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Out Houfes of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Dcferters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

‘ CXI. And whereas Soidlers, absent from their Regiments on Penalty.

4 Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are.

«• sometimes prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cafualty from

*	returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited 4 by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether in such cases « the Extenfion of a Soldier's Furlough by a Juftice of the Peace

*	be sanctioned by legal Authority, and effectual for preventing

*	fuch Soldier from being apprehended upon Stlfpicion of his having

4 deserted his Regiment Be it further enacted, That any In- Jufliccsmry fjpe6ting Field Officer stationed on the Recruiting Service, or any grant an Exten-Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of superior Rank, or any fion of Furlough Adjutant of Local Militia, stationed within the District, or in cale	3,1 y .?ic n .

there be no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, o{fo™Vr°SoI-that any Juftice of the Peace may, and he is hereby authorized dier applying for to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extenfion of Furlough the fume on to any Non Commiflioned Officer or Soldier applying for the flrne, account of Sicken account of Sicknefs or other Cafualty, which shall, on due ne(<»&c* Enquiry, appear to render such Extenfion necessary; and that every such Officer or Juftice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commiflioned Officer or Soldier an Extenfion of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the fame, with the cause of its being so granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to which fuch

53 Geo. III.

H

Non

08

C. 17.

530 GEO. III.

AJX1813.

Prorlfo.

lufticcs of Peace granting Exten-lion of Furlough, empowered to order Parilh Officers to advance Pay to Soldiers.

Re-imburfed by Collectors ef Excife.

Agents of Regi. menu to refiay

Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall belong; and that such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the ground of hig having deierted the Regiment to which he shall appear by hi* Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be con It rued to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provifion* of this Ad, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extenlion of his Furlough by false Reprefentation made to such Officer or Jullice of the reace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline : Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Juffice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the Diftrid where such Soldier shall be.

CXI I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Extenfion of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Requeff of any such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame shall be granted, it shall be lawful for the Juffice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the fame shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Juffice of the Peace, upon the Produdion of a Certificate in Writing from fpeh Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (O.), under his Hand, upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parilh, Townlhip or Place wherein such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Mouey directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid ; such Juffice of the Peace taking particular Care to (late upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further, (pecifying upon the Order to the Parilh Officer the Date of the Furlough origiually granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed ; and the fame so authorized shall be paid accordingly, upon Produdion and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parifh Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor 5 and the Sum so advanced by such Parilh Officer shall, upon the Produdion and Delivery of such Order to the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid within which such Parifh, Townlhip or Place shall be situated, or any Perfonr officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parilh Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor* by such Colledor of Excife or other Person out of any public Monies in his Hands, and the fame shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Juffices shall be taken as Cafh in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by him ; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excife shall be repaid to the Account of

the

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.	* C.17.

the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the fame shall have been paid (nail j-efpedlively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commifiioners of Excife in England, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the fame : Provided always, that if any Juftice of Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reafons for such Retufal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXI If. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in all cases in which any Extenfion of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in Scotland, and upon the Requeft of any such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Juftice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the fame shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Juftice of the Peace upon the Produ&ion of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Collector of the Excife of the Diftridt wherein such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, or the Person officiating for such Colle&or, requiring him to pay to such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid ; such Juftice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to such Colle&or of the Excife, or other Person officiating for him, the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom ugned, and the Sum so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Produ&ion and Delivery to him of such Order by such Collector of Excife or other Person, out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the fame shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cafh in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by him ; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excife shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the fame shall have been paid (hafi respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commiuioners of Excife in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the fame : Provided always, that if any Juftice of the Peace Jhail not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reafons for such Refufal in Writing at the Bac{t of the Furlough.

CXIV. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrefts that may be made' upon Soidlers, whereby His Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is or shall be listed, or who shall lift and enter himself as a Volunteer in His Majefty's Service as a Soldier, shall be liable to be taken Out of His Majefty's Service by any Procefs or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Caufe of A&ion ; and unless, before the taking out of such Procefs or Execution (not being for a Criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or

H 2	Plantiffl

99

Money so ad-vanced.

Provifo.

Justices of Peace granting Extenfion of Furlough in Scotland empowered to order Collegers of Excife to advance Pay to. Soldiers.

Agents of Regiments to repay Money ad vanced.

Provifo.

Volunteer not liable to Procefs unless for some Criminal Matter; or for D ebt ef sol.

JOO

Oath of Debt betWc a Judge.

Memorandum there* f marked •n Back of Proofs.

Pla'ntHT may file Common Appearance.

Confined for Debt, not to receive Pay.

CommH&ries upon making up Accounts, or

C. 17.	53= GEO. III.	A.D.i8ij*

Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Procefs or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Aftion or Caufe of Aftion on which such Procefs shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be sued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at least, over and above all Cofts of Suit in the fame Aftion, or in any other Aftion on which the fame shall be grounded 5 a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Procefs or Writ 5 for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken : And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the fame by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Aft, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier so arrested was legally inlifted as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Aft ; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Cofts as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable 5 for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Cofts, or the Plaintiff in the like Aftion might have had for the Recovery of his Cofts, in case Judgment had been given for him with Cofts against the Defendant in the said Aftion.

CXV. And, to the end that honest Creditors who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entering into and lifting in His Majefty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arreft, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion great Expence and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more easy and cheap Method, Be it further enacted by the’Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Caufe of Aftion to such Perlon or Persons so entered, or left at his or their last Place of Refidence before such listing, to file a Common Appearance in any Aftion to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid ; this Aft, or any thing herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwith Handing.

CXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from the palling of this Aft, no Soldier being arrested or confined for Debt in any Pnfon, Gaol or other Place, shall be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Arreft or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong.

CaVII. And be it further enacted, That all Commiffaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign

Service

101

a.d.i!i3

53* GEO. IIL

C. 17.

Service shall take the Oath described in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (M.), which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Juftice of the Peace, or Magistrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in Chies, or the Second in Command, dr the Quarter Matter or Deputy Quarter Matter General, or any Affiftant Quarter Matter General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to adminitter the fame.

CXVIJI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Paymafter or other Commiffioned Officer of His Majefty’s Foroes, or any Storekeeper, or Commiflary, or Deputy or Affiftant Commiffary, or other Person employed in the Com-miffariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Diftribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Mayefty's Foroes, or for their Ufe, who shall embezzle or fraudulently miUtpply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arras, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores, to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Paymaster, or other Commiffioned Officer, Storekeeper or Commiflary, or Deputy or Affiftant Commiffary, or other Perlon, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Puni/hment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifonment, Difmiffal from His Majefty’s Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, and every such Officer or Person shall, in Addition to any other Pumfhment, make good, at hiB own Expence, the Lofs and Damage futtained which shall have been ascertained by such Court Martial; and the Lofs and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid may be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmwjler, or in any other Courts of Law li3ving Jurifdiction, where any Person adjudged by a Court Martial to have incurred any such Penalties, or to make good any such Lodes or Damages, shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known ; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the fame shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

CXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Non Commifiion Officer who shall be convicted, at a General or Regimental Court Martial, of having embezzled or misapplied any Money with which he may have been entrulted, for the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for inlifting Men into His Majefty’s Service, shall be reduced to serve in the Ranks as a private Soldier, and be put under Stoppages until the Money be made good, and suffer such Corporal Punifhment (not extending to Life or Limb) as the Court Martial shall think fit.

CXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, no Paymafter General, or Pay-matter of the Army, Pavmafter of the Marines, Secretary at War, Commiflary, Mutter Matter, Paymafter of a Corps or Diftri&, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their Under Officers, shall receive

H 3	any

returning from Foreign Service, to take Oath.

Officer?, Storekeepers, See. embezzling, kc. Military Store!, Sic. ttied by Court Martial.

Penalty.

How applied.

Non Commif-fion Officers embezzling Soldiers Pay, kc. reduced, &c.

No Paymaster, Scc. to make Deduction out of Officers or private Men’* Pay.

* 102

Rceptioo.

Treifury may Iflue out Moocy for Clothing every Six Months.

Paid to Perfous haring Alignments.

Paymafleri, Agents, Sec. detaining Pay.

Penalty.

Agents difobey-ing Orders.

Pirft Offence.

Second Offbncow

C.	GEO*III*	A*D.i8ij.

any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majefty’s Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from aud after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, other than the usual Deductions allowed by His Majcfty’s Regulations; and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be required to be made under any Aft of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or directed by His Majeity, under His Royal Sign Manual

CXXI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiffioner6 of the Treasury for the time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every’ Six Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, T roops and Companies: And the Pay matter General for the time being is hereby directed to notify the Receipt of the Money to the Secretary at War, who shall immediately grant his Warrant for the* Payment of the Proper Sum or Sums to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Affignment, from the Colonel or Commandant or Person authorized by him to make such Affignment.

CXXI1. And be it further enacted. That if any Paymafter Agent or Clerk of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, Audi unlawfully detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Clothes and all other just Allowances being dedufted), after such Pay shall be by him or them received 5 or if any Officers having received their Soldiers Pay, shall refuie to pay each Non Commiflioned Officer and Soldier their respective Pay when it shall become due, according to the several Rates established by H19 Majefty’s Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, as aforesaid, to be for that Purpofe duly held aud summoned, every such Paymaster, Agent, Clerk or Officer, so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Conviction before the said Court, One hundred Pounds, to be ‘ levied as aforesaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier (if he demands it) shall be and lie is hereby discharged from any further Service; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIII. And, for enforcing a prompt Obfervance of the Rules and Orders established, or to be established for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Garrilons, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, the said Agents are hereby required and directed to observe such Orders and Directions as shall from time to time be given by His Majesty, under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for the time being, by His Majeily’s Command, or by His Majefty’s Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being ; and if any Agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such Orders and Direftions, he shall for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt or Information, for the Ufe of His Majesty ; and for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as Agent of the Garrifon, Regiment, Battalion, Independent Troop or Company, in relation to which he (hall

have

A.D.i8i3*	53#GEO.III.	C.	17.	103

hive been guilty of such Offence, and be utterly difablcd to have or' hold such Employment thereafter.

4 CXXIV. And whereas great Inconvenience has arisen to His 1 Majefty’s Service from Persons, not authorized Agents of Regi-4 ments, Troops or Companies, negotiating for the Purchafe and Sale 4 of Commissions, and much larger Sums than are allowed by His 4 Majefty’s Regulations are often given and received for Commissions,

• and great Frauds committed ;* Se it therefore enacted, That every Persons atting at

Person not an authorized Agent of any Regiment, Troop or Com- Army Agents

pany, who shall negotiate or aft as Agent for or in relation to the without Autho-

Purchafe or Sale of any Commiffion in His Majefty's Foroes, and

also every authorized Agent as aforesaid, who shall take, accept or

receive any Commiffion or Sum of Money, or Reward, for negotiating

the Purchafe or Sale of any such Commission, or acting as an Agent

in relation thereto, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One

hundred Pounds, and Treble the Sum which shall be given or received

for or in relation to any such Commission, over and above the Sum Penalty.

allowed by His Majefty’s Regulations.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority Paymafter*, &c. aforesaid. That every present and future Paymaster, Agent or Clerk, account xrith of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, who is or shall be E*ccutori* liable to account with any of the Executors and Adminiftrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of such Officer or Soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Adminiftrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Adminiftrator of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such Officer or Soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such Executor or Adminiftrator paying for the fame, and shall account with such Executor or Adminiftrator for the fame 5 and that every such Paymaster, Agent or Clerk, of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to Penalty, be recovered in like manner, as appointed by this Aft, for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soidlers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers them-felves.

* CXXVI. And whereas it may otherwise be doubted, whether 4 the Officers and Persons serving in the Royal Artillery, and those 4 hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers 4 serving in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Per-4 fons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftf-4 men, or the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers,

4 or the Mafter Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, be within officers &c

4 the Intent and Meaning of this Aft 59 it is hereby enacted by the Trains of Anil-

Authority aforesaid, That the Officers and Persons serving and hired lery, fcc.Cubjeci

to be emploved, or who shall serve and be hired to be employed in t0

the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all

Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Engineers,

and all Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps

of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftfmen, or in the Corps of

Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, and all Mafter Gunners,

and Gunners who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at

all times subject to all the Penalties and Punifhments mentioned in

this Aft, and shall in all respects whatsoever be holden to be within

H 4	the

C. 17.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813^

f j Innkeepers re-S lufing to receive Soldiers.

Troops raised or Jerving in His Majefty’s Provinces, See. t£ing in Con-fund ion with His Majefty’s other Foroes, liable to Martial Laws, &c. Employed on Recruiting Service. and receiv-in^regular Pay, fubjett to A ft.

Negroes pur-

chiled a 1 d ferv-ing in Forces deemed tree.

Lthaf

§3*ecoi

P*e

ifo refpeft-Neeroes pur-d by or on •unt ot His jefty.

the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Aft, during the Continuance of the fame, and shall be quartered and billetted, together with the Horfes employed for the Service of the said Corps, in the feme ipanner and under the fame Penalties and Regulations as are dire&ed* by this Aft to be obferved»y quartering and billetting the Officers, Soldiers and Horfes of His Majetty's other Forces ; and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Persons serving in the said Corps, and the Horfes employed therein, shall be legally quartered, refufir.g to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers and Horfes- of His Majefty’s other Foroes, shall be subject to the fame Penalties as in the case of Hi* Majefty's other Forces.

* CXXVII. And whereas great Mifchief and Inconvenience may ‘ arise if it should be doubted whether Troops in Pay, raised or ferv-* ing in any of His Majefty'a Provinces, Governments, Colonies or 4 Dominions, or in Countries, Colonies or Places in PofTeffion of or 4 occupied by His Majefty's Subjests, or any Forces of His Majetty, 4 are, while under the Command of any Officer having any Com-4 midion immediately from His Majetty, liable to the fame Rules and 4 Articles of War, and the fame Penalties and Puniftiments, as His 4 Majefty's other Forces are subject to p To prevent such Mifchies, and to remove all Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops being muttered and in Pay, which have been or are or shall be raised or serving as aforesaid, shall at all Times and in all Places be liable to Martial Law and Difcipline, in like Manner, to all Intents and Pur-pofes as His Majctty’s other Forces are, and shall be subject to the fame Trial, Penalties and Punittiments.

CXXVII I. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall extend to all Serjeants and Non Commiffioned Officers or Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service; and all such Serjeants and Non Commiffioned Officers and Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service, shall be liable to Martial Law and Difcipline, in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majefty’s other Foroes, and be subject to the fame Trial, Penalties and Punifhments.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the patting of this Aft, all Negroes purchased by or on account of His Majetty, his Heirs and Succettors, and serving in any of His Majetty'* Foroes, shall be and be deemed and taken to be free, to all Intents aud for all J'urpofes whatever, in like manner in every respect as if such Negroes had been born free in any Part of His Majcfty's Dominions; and that such Negroes shall also, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily inlittcd in His Majetty's Service.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained as to inlitting for any limited Periods of Service, or contained in any other Aft as to any Rules or Regulations for the granting any Peniions or Allowances to any Soldiers discharged, after certain Periods of Service, shall extend, or be deemed or con-ftrued in any manner to extend to any Negroes purchased by or 00 account of Hi* Majetty, his Heirs and Succettors, and serving in'any of His Majetty's Foroes,

13	« CXXXI. And

A.D.1813.

53° GEO- HI.

C. 17.

105

« CXXXI. And’ whereat the Officers and Soldiers of the said « Troops, being taken Prifoners, are frequently sent over to Great

*	Britain or Ireland in a very di ft re fled Condition : And whereas « their Pay is not sufficient to provide them with necessary Lodgings

•	and Accommodations Be it enacted -by the Authority aforesaid, Officer*and That, during the Continuance of this Aft, it shall be lawful for the SoUlier* of fuck Constables, and other Civil Magistrates, within England, Ireland, toG^B °Ver Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and billet Ireland.

the Officers and Soldiers of such Troops in all such Houfes as are How quartered

liable by this Aft to receive the Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s ^ billetted.

other Foroes; and the said Conftables and other Civil Magiftrates

are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers

of such Troops in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations

and Penalties, as are directed by this Aft to be observed in quarter-

ing and billetting the Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s other

Forces 5 and all Persons on whom the Officers and Soldiers of the

said Troops shall be legally quartered, refusing to receive and provide

for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s

other Foroes, shall be subject to the fame Penalties as in the case of

His Majefty’s other Forces.

CXXX1I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Militi*, Volun-nothing in this A 61 contained shall extend, or be any ways conftrued	*

to extend, to concern any of the Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry or Vo- Prov,so or» c# lunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jersey, Guemfey9 Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Iflands thereto belonging, excepting only in such case wherein, by any Act or Afts, for regulating any of the Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provifions contained in this A6t, or in any A6t for punishing Mutiny and Defertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except so far as relates to the Muttering of the said Militia Foroes, according to the Provifions hereinafter mentioned.

CXXXII1. And, for the better ascertaining the Number of effective Men of the Regiments of Militia, when embodied and in actual Service, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, Militia and Feu-from and after the passing of this Aft, every Regiment or Corps cible Men when of Militia and Fencible Men, when embodied and in actual Service, in a£h**l ^e™c0 shall be regularly muttered by CommifTaries appointed for that Stc*'*" Purpose, in the fame manner and as often as the rest of the Army is uiually muttered 5 and the Magistrates shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, and both Officers and Men shall be subject to the fame Regulations, Reftridions and Penalties, as are imposed on the Officers and Soldiers of the rest of the Army by virtue of this Aft.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore- In whit cases said. That this Aft shall be construed to extend to the Iflands of A&toextwdt® Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Mant and the Iflands thereto ^uern^e7»&c* belonging, as to the Claufes therein for muttering and paying, and to the Provifions for the Trial and Punifhment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny or Defertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Aft declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrifou, or Detachment, or Regimental Court Martial; and also to the Claufes which relate to the Punifh-

ment

jotf

Pwjury.

General IHue.

Treble Cofts.

Where Suits to be brought.

In Scotland A&ions preferred in Court of 8effion.

Treble Cofts

Perfuading Soldiers to desert.

C* 17.	53'GEO. III.	A.D.1813,

ment of Persons who shall conceal Deferters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange or otherwise receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, from any Soldier or Deferter, or who shall cause Hie Colour of such Clothes to be changed.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Aft, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury, and being thereof duly convisted, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft-' and liable to.

CXXXV I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid (except in Scotland, as hereinafter provided), That if any Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the Geueral Ifsue, that he or they are Not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the lffue 5 which Special Matter being pleacted, had been a good and fuflicient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trefpafs or other Matter laid to his or their Charge : And if the Verdift shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Aftion, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Difcontinuance thereof, that in every such case, the Juftice or Ju dices, or such other Judge before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Aft, allow unto the Defendants or Defendants his or their Treble Cofts, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Aftion or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as iu other cafe6, where Cofts by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants*

CXXXVI1. Apd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Aftion or Suit, against any Person or Persons, for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Aft, or against any Member or Minifter of a Court Martialfrin respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Wcfimnjler, or in Dublin, or the Court of Seflion in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Aftion shall he raised or Complaint shall be preferred against anv Person or Persons in Scotland, for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Aft, such Aftion shall be raised and Complaint preferred in the Court of Seflion, and if such Court shall fee fit to affoilzie the Defendant, or dismiss the Complaint, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Cofts awarded* to him or them by the said Court.

CXXX1X. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, dire£Uy or indirectly, persuade or procure any Solaier or Soldiers in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons Co offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall, for every such Offence, 15	forfeit

forfeit to His Majesty, his Hein or Succeffors, or to anv other Per-fon or Persons who shall sue for the fame, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender, so convicted as afore (aid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and satisfy the lame, or if from the Circumftances and Heinoufnels of the Cnroe it shall appear to the Court before which the said Convidlion shall be made as aforesaid, that any such Forfeiture is not a sufficient Punifhment for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainpriae, and also to (land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour in some Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed in open Market there, or in the Market Town itself where the said Offence was committed.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this A£t imposed, for persuading or procuring any Soldier to desert within that Part of Great Britain called England, may and shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster ; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy shall bp sued for and recoverable in His Majefty’s Courts of Exchequer in Scotland ; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin ; and for any such like Offences as shall be committed in any other of the Dominions of His Majesty, shall and may be sued for and be recoverable in any Court of Record of His Majesty, in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and for such like Offence as shall have been committed within the Illand of Guernsey, the fame shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such Offences as shall be committed wjthin the Illand of Jersey, the fame shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jersey ; any thing contained in an Adi palled in the First Year of King George the First to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That, for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin$ and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Illes of Alderney and Sarky the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey ; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the lile of Man% the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the faici Illand, or in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfler.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Au« thority aforesaid, That no such Adt on shall be brought or Profecu-tion carried on by virtue of this Adt, for the Penalties ^foresaid, unless the fame be commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

CXLIII. And, in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to punishing Crimes and Offe cea committed against former Adis of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively,

for

Penalty.

Imprifonment

Pillory.

Penalties against Persons inducing Soldiers 10 deftrt, how sued for.

z G.x.Stftt.i. c.47*

Penalties in Ireland, where sued for.

Limitation of Actions*

Offences against former Mutiny Alls, punithable by A£t.

io8	C.	17.

$3° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Offences against former A&s committed Three Years before issuing Warrant for Trial, See.

for punishing Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established bv virtue of the fame, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tnat all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Aft for punishing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the fame, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Aft, be enquired of, heard, tried and determined, adjudged and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Aft may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished : And ever)’ Warrant for holding any Court Martial under any former Aft shall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Aft, and all Proceedings of any Court Martial, upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Aft, shall not be difeontinued by the Expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any such Trial, and to carry such Judgment into Execution in like manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Aft.

CXLIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Afts, or Articles of War, which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commiflion or Warrant for such Trial; unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifeit Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Jufticc within that Period ; in which case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CXLV. And, for the more easy Conviftion of Offenders against this Aft, be it enacted, That in case any Persons shall be convicted of arty Offences by which they shall become liable to any of the pecuniary Penalties under this Aft, the following shall be the Form of Conviftion:

Form of Con- County of 1	*	DE it remembered, That on the	Day

vidtion.	J 4 of	in	the Year of our Lord

*	at	in	the	County	aforesaid,	>7.	B,	came	before

*	me [or us] One [or Two] of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace

*	in and for the said County, and informed me [or us] upon Oath,

4 that G. H. of	on	the	Day	of

4 now last past, at	in the said County, did

4 (here fet forth the Fad in the manner described in the Statute) ; 4 whereupon the said G. H. after being duly summoned to answer 4 the said Charge, appeared before me [or us] the said Juftice [or 4 Juftices] on the	Day of	at

4	in	the said County, and having heard the Charge

4 contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty 4 of the said Offence ; but the fame being fully proved upon the 4 Oath /. Ka credible Witnefs, it manifestly appears to rtie [or 4 us]'the said Juftice [or Juftices], that lie the said G. H. is guilty 4 of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information. 4 It is therefore considered and adjudged by me [or us] the said 4 Juftice [or Juftices], that he the said G.H. be convisted; and 4 I [or we] do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid ; and I

4 [or

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. 1H.	C. 17.

« [or we] do hereby declare and adjudge that the said G, H. hath

* forfeited the Sum of	for	the	Offence

f aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the « Statute in that case made and provided*

* Given, et cetera/

CXLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That this Ad shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man% and the I (lands thereto belonging, from the Thirty first Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrifou of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and (hail be and continue in force in au other Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be serving, and in the West Indus, and North America, and Cape of Good Hope9 from the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and (hallJbe and con-r tinue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fourth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this A& may be altered and varied by any A& or A&s to be made in this Sefiion of Parliament.

[Rates of Subfftence increased, cc, 43. 83. poftf\

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Oath.

T	do make Oath, That I am

or have been (as the case may be) [flats Occupation, if any, orfiate if of none"] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in \ftate County, Parifh9 Place, &c.l and that I am of the Age of

Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majefty's Navy or Marines 5 and that 1 will serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the Period of

[This Blank to be filled up by the Magiftrate with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Person inlifting is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears9 as the case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty: Provided always, that in the letter Cafe the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six

Months

109

Continuance of A6t

Ad altered, Ice.

* *

C. 17.	53° GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Ex-% piration of the said [Seven, Ten, or Twelve, as the case may be~\ Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Oath.

t	do	make	Oath,	That	I	am	or	have	been	(as the

* case may be) [fate Occupation, if any, or fate if of none] and to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Partfbt Placet and that I am of the Age of	Years ; that I do

not belong to the Militia, or any other Regiment, or to His Majefty’s Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty, his Heir* and Succeffors, until I shall be legally discharged.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Jufice's Certificate.

I A. B. One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of (or Chief Magiftrate of ) do hereby certify that C. D. appearing to be Years old,	Feet	Inches	high,

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came	before	me	at

on the	Day	of	One	thousand eight hundred and	,	and	Hated himself to be of the

Age of	Years,	and that he had no Rupture, and was not

troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs, Deafnefs or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice 5 and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himlelf for the Bounty of	to ferve

His Majesty King George the Third, nis Heirs and SuccefTors, in the Regiment of	commanded by

and did engage to serve for the Period of

[This Blank to be filled up by the Magifrate •with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery t if the Pcrfon inltfing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the case may Ar] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require his Service ; and also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven9 or Ten, or Twelve,] Years. And I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of

on being attested, and that 1 have given to the said C. D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Juf ice's Certificate•

J A. B. One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magiftrate of

C^

A.D.1813.

Ill

53° GEO. HI.	C.	17.

J|, do hereby certify. That C* D. appearing ,	Feet	Inches	high.

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came before

me at	,	on	the	Day	of

One thousand eight hundred and	,	and	Hated

himfelf to be of the Age of	Years, and that he had no

Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs, Deafnefs or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice ; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himself for the Bounty of

to serve His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Succeflors, in the	Regiment	of	commanded by

, until he should be legally discharged : And I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Se&ion of the Articles of War agajnft Mutiny and Defertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effect above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of	on	being

attested, and that I have given to the said C. D• a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Oath of Allegiance, 39 Geo. III. c. 109.

T A. B. being infilled to serve, either in His Majefty’s Troops, or in A the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, do swear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in my Duty bound, defend Him in His Person, Crown and Dignity against all His Enemies; and that so long as I shall remain m His Majefty’s Service, I will duly observe and obey His Majefty’s Orders and the Orders of the Generals and Officers fet over me by His Majesty ; and that if His Majesty shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the UnitedT Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies, then I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully fet over me.

Xo wit.

} 1.,

Years,

Complexion,

on the hundred and

SCHEDULE (F.)

One of His Majefty’s Ju dices of the Peace certify, That	aged

Feet	Inches	high.

Eyes,	Hair, came before me at

Day of	One	thoufand eight

, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himself for the Bounty of	to	ferve	either in

His Majefty’s Army or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order. And I further certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se&ion, and the First Article of the Sixth Se&ipn. of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him ; that he took the Oatn of Allegiance preferibed

by

by the A ft of 59* Goo. III. c. 109. to be taken instead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the laid Articles of War, and also the Oath above fet forth ; and that he	received	the	Sum of

on being attested.

SCHEDULE (G.)

T A B. being inlifted to serve in the [Infantry or Artillery, as (he case may bej] of the East India Company, do swear, That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duty bound* defend Him in His Person, Crown and Dignity, against all his Enemies; and I swear that I will also be true to the laid United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully fet over me.

SCHEDULE (H.)

t A* B. do make Oath, That I am (or have been, as (he case may he) \Jlate Occupation, If anyf or Jlate if of none'] 9 and to the Left of my Knowledge and Belief was bom in [fate County, Parijh or Placcy EsV.] and that I am of the Age of	Years, and

that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majefty’s Service, or to His Majefty^s Navy or Marines 5 and that I will serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, until I shall be duly and legally discharged, [or tf the Recruit inlifts for limited Service, then leave out the Words scored under, and infertJ for the Period !of Twelve Years \if the Person inlifling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Tears, as the case may be, and such Period to be inserted injlead of Twelve Tears] provided the said United Company should so long require my Service.

SCHEDULE (I.)

T	One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of

[or, Chief Magiftrate of ] do hereby certify, That appeared to be	Years	old.	Feet

Inches high,	Complexion,	Eyes,

Hair, came before me at	on	the	Day	of

and dated himself to be of the Age of	Years, and

that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs, Deafhefs 6r otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himself for the Bounty of	to	ferve	the	United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of	[Mix	Blank to be filled up by

the Magiftrate either until discharged or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of Inliflment] : And I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Seftion of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath 5cO. 3.C.87, of Fidelity mentioned in the Aft of the Fiftieth Year of Hi» prefect Majesty, and also the Oath above fet forth, and that he

received

A.D.i8i3*

S30 GEO. lit

received the Sum of I have given to the said tifcate, fignod with my Name.

on being attested $ and that a Duplicate of this Cer-

SCHEDULE (K.)

Form of Maflcr’i Qath.

T	of	do	make Oath, That I am by

Trade a	and	that	was bound to serve as an

Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of	for	the	Term	of	Years; and that the

faid	did	on	or	about	the	Day	of	,

abfeond and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief the laid	is

aged about	Years.	Witnefs	my Hand at	the

Day of	One	thoufand	eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of	One	thoufand	eight

hundred and

inu i

}

SCHEDULE (L.)

Form of Jujltce9j Certificate.

7 t yf. B. One of His Majefly’s Jullices of the Peace of To wit. j 1	certify, That	of	came

before me at	the	Day of	One	thoufand

eight hundred and	, and made Oath, that he was by Trade a

, and that	was	bound to serve as an Apprentice

to him in the said Trade by Indenture, dated the	Day

of	, for the Term of	Years; and that thje faid

Apprentice did, on or about the	Day	of	abfeond

and quit the Service of the faid	without his Confent j

and that to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about	Years.

if. B*

SCHEDULE (M.)

Form of Oath.

I .	do hereby make Oath, That I have not

applied any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Diftribution, to my own Ufe, or to the private Ufe of any other Person, by way of Loan to such Person, or otherwise, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied to any other than public Purpolee, and according to the Duty of taj Office.

Sworn before me by the within named 1 this	Day of	j

A. B.

£Juflice of the Peace for the County of

or Commander in Chies, or Second in Command, Ufe. the Army (ervisg in at the case may be.']

Si c&o. iy.

SCHEDULE

M3

o

o

eg.

FT

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of as a Deferter from the

committed to Confinement at Battalion of the

on the Day Regiment of

Age.	Size.		Complexion.	Coloi	ur of	Marks.	Probable Date of Inliffment, and in what Diftrili.	Probable Date of Defertion, and from whence.	Name, Occupation and Addrel's of Person by whom apprehended.	The Particulars in Evidence against the Prisoner, and whether he confessed himl'elf to be a Deferter in the Prefence of the Magillrate who committed him.

	Feet.	Inches.		Hair.	Eyes.					

										

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circumftances herein dated, and has declared in my Prefence that he -a Deferter from the before mentioned Corps.

— ■	Signature of	Magistrate.

■— —	■	Signature	of	Prifoner.

— ■■ ■	Signature of Informant

•	Enquiry having been made as to the

Prifoner’s Health, it hat been reported to me that he	in	a	fit State to be removed.

■	-	-	Signature of Magillrate.

*	If a Military Medical Officer be at the Place, he will infpe# the Deferter.

a

s

8

B

s

ct*

m

W

A.D. 181*3.	53*	GEO.	IH.	C.	17,18*1$.	tt$

Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of per Day from the	Day	of	to	the

JDay of	both	inclusive; and for so doing, this shall be

your Warrant, and pass as such for your Repayment under the Mutiny Aft. Witnels my Hand the	Day	•

C. D. Juftice of the Peace for

CAP. XVIII.

An Aft for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals used in Fire or Steam Engines for railing Ores m the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.	[23d	March	1813.]

1 TT7HEREAS by the Afts in force a Drawback of all the 14C.aic.4t. * 4 VV Duties is by Law payable on Coals which have been used § 3.

4 in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin, 49	3	c 9** v

4 Copper or Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon ; and it	A* Coaft-

4 is expedient that the like Drawback should be allowed on all Coals w c#

4 used in Fire or Steam Engines employed in drawing or railing Ores

* or dead Stuff or Rubbifh out of the said Mines 5J Be it therefore

enacted by the King’s Mod: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad.

vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That the fame Drawbacks, which are payable upon Coals Drawback of

confumed in the working of Fire Engines used for draining Water Duty on Coals

out of the said Mines, shall, from and after the palling of this Aft, “ted^njf,rf or

be paid upon Coals which have been consumed in Fire or Steam

'Engines used for the Purpofe of drawing or raifmg Ores or dead	*

Stuff or Rubbifh out of the said Mines since the Fifth Day of

January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or which may at

any time hereafter be so used, upon Proof by Oath made before the

Colleftor of the said Duties (which Oath he is hereby empowered and

required to adminifttr) that such Coals have been so used and applied,

and the Amount of the Duties shall be returned and paid by the

Colleftor of the said Duties to the Person so making Proof as afore-

said.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, Aft repealed, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be passed in this present &c.

Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver or other Metal usually called Tokens, except such af§ are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

[23d March 1813.] f TT7HEREAS an Aft passed in the lad Seflion of Parliament, 52G. 3. c. 157.

*	VV intituled An Ad to prevent the tjfuing and circulating of 4 Pieces of Gold and Silver or other Metal ujually *<///«/Tokens, except 4 such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively c

4 And whereas it is expedient, that the Petiod limited in the faid	fa.

* Aft for the Circulation of Pieces of Gold or Silver and mixed

•	Metals in the said Aft specified, and denominated Tokens should be

•	extended;’ May it thereforepleafe Your Majedy that it may be

la	, enacted ;

n<J

repeals!

Tokens not to circulate after July

Penalty. Original Ifluer.

Provifo for Tokens of Bank of Engl nd or IreLuid.

Penalties hew recovered.

Ad repeal, d, StCr

C.19.	sy GEO. III.	A.D.iJhj.

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Maiedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a (Ternbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the laid recited Ad a3 prohibits the Circulation of any such Tokens as are in the said recited Ad described, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to repeal or Impend any Penalty or Forfeiture by the said Ad imposed for the making, manufaduring or originally issuing, or causing or procuring to be made, manufadured or originally ifTued, or permitting or suffering to be ifTued any such Tokens.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal, composed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the fame may be, shall pass or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Mark or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or ia any manner whatsoever; and every Person who shall after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, circulate or pafa, ms for any nominal Value in Money or Goods any such Token, mall, for every such Token so circulated or passed, whether such Person shall be or have been concerned in the original issuing or Circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds, nor more than Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juffices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence; provided that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be con&rued to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to discharge or excuse any such original Ifluer from his Liability to pay the fame.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Tokens issued or circulated by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Envland% or by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively, or in any manner to affect any such Toker s or the Circulation thereof, or to subject any Company or Companies, or Person or Persons to any Penalty for issuing or circulating any such Tokens.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That alt Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this A6t shall and may be recoverable, and recovered and levied, and applied in like manner and by such means as the like Penalties and Forfeitures are made recoverable by the said recited Ad 5 and all the Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provifions in the said recited Ad contained, shall be, and remain and continue in full force, and be applied and executed for the enforcing the Provifions of this Ad, and for the recovering and applying of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, as fully and effectually as if all such Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provifions were severally and separately re-enaded in and made Part of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or A$s to be passed in the pretest Beffion of Parliament.

CAP,

JLD.igij.

C.10,2!

I,7

53* GEO. IIL CAP. XX.

An ACt to allow a limited Proportion of the Corps of Miners to inlift into the JRegular Forces.	[23d March 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Ad palled in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to allow 4 a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to inlijl annually 4 into the Regular Forces ; and to provide for the gradual Redudion 4 of the said Militia, should be extended to the Corps of Miners 4 railed under the Provifions of an Ad palled in the tforty second • Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for repealing sen 4 AS made m the Thirty eighth Tear of the Reign of His present 4 Majessy, intituled An A3 for raiftng a Body of Miners in the Counties 4 of Cornwall and Devon fjr the Defence of the Kingdom during the 4 present War; and for the more ejfeSually raifng and regulating a 4 Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain s' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid recited Ad of the Fifty first Year aforesaid, and all the Provifions thereof, so far as the fame can be made to apply to the said Corps of Miners, shall extend and be construed to extend to the laid Corps of Miners, eftabUlhed under the Provifions of the said recited Ad of the Forty second Year aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the fame were respectively, severally and separately re-enaded and inierted in and made a Part of this Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Men who shall be allowed to inlift in His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, under the Provifions of this Ad, shall not exceed One seventh Part of the Quota fixed by the said recited Ad of the Forty second Year aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Stannaries, and the Deputy Wardens, shall respectively have and exercise all the Powers and Authorities for the putting this Ad into Execution in relation to the said Corps of Miners, which the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants are respectively authorized to have and exercise within Counties under the said recited Ad of the Fifty first Year aforesaid.

CAP. XXI.

An Ad for authorizing the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Excife to make an Allowance for the necessary Subfiftence of poor Persons confined for Debts cr Penalties sued for under their Orders.	[23d March 1813.]

* TY 7 HE REAS in confeauence of their not receiving any Allow-4 VV ance whereon to subsist during their Confinement, Diftrefs • is sometimes suffered by poor Persons confined under Exchequer * Process, for the Recovery of Duties and Penalties under or by 4 virtue of the Ads of Parliament relating to the Duties of Cuftoms • and Excife under Warrants of Commitment in Execution commonly f called Body Warrants, issued by the Commiflioners of Excife in • England, or by Justices of the Peace within Great Britain, under

I 3	$	or

51 O. 3. c. ao.

42 G. 3 c. 72.

S1 G.3. c.so. to extend to Corps of Miners.

Number of Men allowed to iuliA.

f

Powers of Warden of Stannaries, &*

lit	C.2i,	a.	53'>GEO.III;	^.D.1813-

*	or by virtue of Afts of Parliament relating to the Departments of 4 Cufloms and Excife respectively, or under Writs ot Extent for

*	Debts due to His Majesty, sued for under or by virtue of the 4 Order of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Excife in England 4 and Scotland respectively, or upon Bonds taken pursuant to Orders 4 in Couneil; and it is therefore expedient, that the Authority here-4 inafter mentioned should be given to the Commiflioners of Cufloms

*	and Excife in England and Scotland refpeftivelyBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

Allowance to of the fame, That, for the necessary Subfiftence of any poor Perfon

J^Ludunder confined under or by virtue of any Exchequer Process, for the

Exchequer Recovery of any Duties or Penalties under or by virtue of any Aft

Proceft.	or Afts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating

to the Departments of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, or confined under or by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants of Com-mitment in Execution commonly called A Body Warranty issued by the Commiflioners of Excife in England, or by any Justices of the Peace within Great Britain, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Department of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, or confined under or by virtue of any Writ or Writs of Extent for Debts due to His Majesty, sued for under or by virtue of the Order of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife in England and Scotland respectively, or on Suit upon Bonds taken pursuant to Orders in Couneil, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife, as the case may require, or any Four or more of them in England, or any Three or more of them in Scotland, to cause an Allowance not exceeding the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny and not less than Four pence Halfpenny per Day to be made to any such poor Person, out of any Money in their Hands respectively, arising from the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife, as the case may require.

$8 G.J. c.89.

CAP. XXII.

An Aft for empowering the Commiflioners of Excife to fell Salt seized. Duty free, either for Exportation or for curing Fifh, and to reward the seizing Officer. [23d March 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty eight Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, * intituled An Afi for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties 4 to the Commijjicners of Excife ; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, 4 and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout, and for 4 granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon, 4 and by divers other Laws now in force, Salt is forfeited and seizable 4 by the Officers of the Cuftoms xand Excife respectively: And 4 whereas the Value of such Salt, when condemned and fold it 4 fomt times inadequate to defray the Expences necessarily inefa 4 dental to such Condemnation and Sale, in which cases no Reward 4 is provided for the Officers* Vigilance and Trouble of seizing the 4 fame, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provifion as is here-4 inafter mentioned 5* Be it therefore cnafted by the Kiug’s Mofk

Excellent

C .22.

AJD.1813.

S3® GEO. m.

U9t

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if upon Salt feixed foW the putting up or offering to public Sale any Salt which is now or by Au&ioo fire# hereafter mall be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Duty e*ther Excife, and condemned under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Par- ^for curi*1*0” liaroent now in force, or which shall hereafter be made, no Person or. pj^and^fft Persons shall offer or bid for the fame such Sum or Sums of Money as cannot be fold ta shall be equal to or exceed the Duties by Law imposed, for or in be destroyed. refoed of Salt made at any Salt Works in England or Scotland respectively, together with the Cods and Expences of the Seizure,*

Removal, Condemnation, Cuftody and Sale of such Salt so seized and condemned, the Commiffioners	of the Cuftoms or Excife in

England or Scotland respectively, as	the case may require, or any	*•	\

Three or more of them respectively, shall cause the fame to be put up* and offered to public Sale by way of Audion, and fold free of Duty to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said respective Commissioners shall think proper, either for Exportation or for the Pur-pofe of curing or preserving Fifh, and a Moiety of the Surplus (if any be), after defraying the necessary Expences of the Seizure, Re- Reward to Of-moval, Condemnation, Cuftody and Sale, shall be applied to and ficer* for feixing for the Benefit of the Officer or Officers seizing such Salt, and in such Cafe the fame cannot be so fold for Exportation or the Fifheries, then and in every such case they the faid	Commiffioners of Cuftoms and	?	>

Excife in England or Scotland, as the	cafe may require, or any Three

or more of them respectively, "(hall cause the said Salt to be destroyed ; and in case the Money arising from the Sale of the said Salt so to be fold as aforesaid for Exportation or for the Fifheries,

shall not be sufficient to satisfy, or shall not be more than sufficient to

fatisfy the whole of such Cofts and Expences, together with Five

Shillings per Bu(hel over and above the fame, or if such Salt shall be

destroyed as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of Cuftoms and Excife	4

refpedively., or any Three or more of them respectively, shall caufe

to be given to the Officer or Officers by whom the fame was seized,

such pecuniary Reward as they the said Commissioners refpedively

shall think proper, fdch Reward not exceeding Five Shillings per

Buffiel for each and every Bu(hel of such Salt so fold or destroyed.

. II. And be it further enacted, That all Salt so fold, either for Regulations of Exportation, or for the Purpofe of curing or preserving Fifh, shall,‘ recited AQ and on such Sale, so far as the lame can or may be done, be dealt with in such and the fame manner as Salt for Exportation, or for curing or preserving Fifh, as the case may require, is or shall be liable to be extended «• dealt with under or by virtue of the (aid Ad of the Thirty eighth Ail.

Year aforesaid, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, and shall be subject and liable to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provisions, and all and singular the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of Difobeaience thereof, in or by the said Ads or any or them contained, provided, fettled or established, for or in respect of Salt for Exportation or for curing or preserving Fi(h, as the case may require, and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, shall be used, applied and put in Execution, so far as the fame respectively can or may be done for or in respect of all such Salt so fold either for Exporta-

1 +

tlOQ

,4a1	0.13,13,24.	sGEO. in. A.D.181J.

J3

bf»M

St ‘penfion of 52 O.3. c.i».

§9,&c.

continued.

AR altered, &c.

tion or for the Purpofe of curing or preserving Fifh, as the case may be, as fully and ettedually, to all Intents and Purposes, at if all and fiogalar the said Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively had been inserted and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Ad, and thereby exp ref sly applied to such Salt so fold either for Exportation or for the Purpofe of curing or preferring Fifli respectively.

CAP. XXIII.

An A£t to repeal so much of an Ad of this Session as continue* the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food.	[23d	March 1813.]

* TTTHEREAS an Ad was passed in the present Session of Par* 1 W liament, intituled yin AS to continue, until the Firjl Day of 4 O&ober One tbovfand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Ad 4 of the lajl Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Starch, 4 Hair Powder, and Blue from IVbeat and other Articles of Food; 4 and for fufpendtng Part of the Duties now payable on the Impor-4 tation into Great Britain of Starch : And whereas it is expedient 4 to repeal the said Ad ;• Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the ibid Ad shall be and the dime is hereby repealed.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sufpenfioa of Part of the Duties of Cuftoms upon Starch imported into Great Britain, directed by an Ad made in the Fifty second Year of Hia present Majesty, shall continue until the First Day of OSoher One thousand eight hundred and" thirteen; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad maybe varied, altered or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament.

* r	CAP.	XXIV.

^ ^	An Ad to facilitate the Adminiftration of Juftice.

• 'a 69	[23d	March 1813.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Number of Appeals and Writs of Error 4 VV in Parliament has of late Years greatly increased, and it 4 has become necessary that a larger Proportion of time should be 4 allotted for hearing and determining such Appeals and Writs of 4 Error than has ulually been employed for that Purpose; and 4 therefore as well as for the better Adminiftratiori of Juftice in the 4 several judicial Fundions belonging to the Offices of the Lord 4 High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the 4 Cuitody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, it is expedient 4 that another Judge (liould be appointed to assist in the Difchargc of Hi*Majeftyem- 4 such judicial Fundions;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King** powered toap- Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the P®”*1 aJ*4<,dl" Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Affiftantto*he Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it Lord Chancellor, shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to to be called Vice nominate and appoint from time to time, by Letters Patent under

Chancellor of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, a Et Person, being a Barrifter E jland.

121

A-D.i8r3«	53°GEO. HI.	C. 24.

at Law of Fifteen Years (binding at the least, to be an additional Judge A (Tift ant to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Com* taiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the time being, in the Difcharge of the judicial Fuodions of their refpe&ivc Offices, and to be called Vice Chancellor of England; to hold such Office during his good Behaviour.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority afoneiaid, That To hear and de-fuch Vice Chancellor shall have full Power to hear and determine all **r“j»ne C.<ufes Causes, Matters and Things, which shall be at any time depending

in the Court of Chancery of England, either as a Court of Law, or either hu.aw or ns a Court of Equity, or incident So any ministerial Office of the (aid Equity.

Court, or which have been or shall be submitted to the JurifJidion of the said Court, or of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, for the time being, by the special Authority ot any Ad of Parliament, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, shall from time to time direct; and all Decrees, Decrees valid,

Orders and Ads of such Vice Chancellor, so made or done, shall be &c.

deemed and taken to be respectively, as the nature of the case (hall

require. Decrees, Orders and Ads of the said Court of Chancery or

of such incident Jurifdidion as aforesaid, or under such fpecial

Authority as aforesaid, and shall have Force and Validity, and be

executed accordingly 5 subject nevertheless in every case to be re-

versed, discharged or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper

or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, for the

time being; and no such Decree or Order shall be enrolled until the

fame shall be signed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords

Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being: Provided always,

that such Vice Chancellor shall have no Power or Authority to dif

charge, reverse or alter any Decree, Order, Ad, Matter or Thing	f	-

made or done by any Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords //v/4

Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, unless authorised

by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for

the time being so to do; nor any Power or Authority to discharge,

reverfe or alter any Decree, Order, Ad, Matter or Thing made or

done by the Mafter of the Rolls.

III.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Viet Chancellor such Vice Chancellor shall fit for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper to fit»" Ab-

or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, whenever ofnLrnJ they shall respectively require him so to do 5 and shall aifo at such or aVemrats other times as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Com- Court a fame miffioners of the Great Seal shall direct, fit in a separate Court, time at Lord whether the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners Chancellor is of the Great Seal, or the Mafter of the Rolls shall be fitting or fitung* not; for which Purpofe the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal respectively, shall make such Orders as to them respectively shall appear to be proper and convenient foom time to time as Occafion shall require.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Rank and Prt-fuch Vice Chancellor shall have Rank and Precedence Lcxt to the ccdence.

Mafter of the Rolls.

V.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Secretary, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in and Trf,InTbf*r"r by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, or any other Letters Patent “n w#

under

tax

M*y be removed.

Oatb.

Money of Suit-on in Chancery, not exceeding 6o,oool. lying unemployed at Bank, placed out on Government, &c. Security; and from Inte-reft, Salaries of Vice Chancellor, he. to be paid quarterly.

CX24.	53#GEO.III.	A.D.1813^

under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to direct that such Vice Chancellor shall have a Secretary, Trainbearer and Ufher ; and that the Secretaries and Deputy Regifters and other Officers appointed to attend the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall attend such Vice Chancellor when fitting for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners re-fpedlively, and also when fitting in his separate Court, as circumfiances shall require, and as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners respectively shall order and direct.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to remove any such Vice Chancellor from his Office, upon an Addrefs of both Houfes of Parliament,

VII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vice Chancellor, previous to his executing any of the Duties of his Office, shall take the following Oath, which tne Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or the Mafter of the Rolls for the time being, are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer; videlicit,

•	T	do	folemnly and sincerely promise and swear,

*	That I will duly and faithfully, and to the bed of my Skill and € Power, execute the Office of Vice Chancellor of England.

€ So help ine God/

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That out of the Common and General Ca(h belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which now lies or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpofe from time to time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Pareels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities, as by such Order or Orders shall be directed ; and such Securities mall be carried to an Account railed in pursuance of former Adis of Parliament, and intituled " Account “ of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the u Suitors, of the High Court of Chancery,” and shall be made Part of the fame Account 5 and out of the Intereft and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchased out of the said Common and General Ca(h in pursuance of former Adis, and to be purchased in pursuance of this Adi, there shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of tne Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time for that Purpofe (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any former Adi directed or authorized to be paid thereout), the several Salaries hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the net yearly Sum of Five thousand Pounds to tne said Vice Chancellor for the time being, the net yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds to his Secretary, the net yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds to his Trainbearer, and the net yearly Sum of Eighty Pounds to his Uflier; which Salaries shall be paid free from Taxes, and shall be paid Quarterly, on the Tentn Day of January, the Tenth Day of April, the Tenth

Day

A.D.1813*

53° GEO. in.

C.24-

Day of July, and the Fifteenth Day of October, in every Year 5 and the First of such Payments, or a proportionable Part thereof, to be computed from the time of the Appointment of such Vice Chancellory shall.be made on the First of such Days of Payment which shall firfb happen after the Date of the Letters Patent appointing such Vice Chancellor, and such Quarterly Payment shall be payable and paid to such Vice Chancellor during the time he shall continue to be Vice Chancellor, and to the Secretary, Trainbearer and Ulher of each such Vice Chancellor respectively, during their Continuance in Office, together with a proportionable Part of any Quarterly Payment, to be computed from the lift preceding Day of Payment to the time	^

such Vice Chancellor, Secretary, Trainbearer or Ulher shall die or cease to hold his Office; and the Surplus of the Intereft and Dividends of the Securities to be purchased in pursuance of this A 61 shall be applied in the fame manner as the Surplus of the Intereft and Dividends of Securities purchased pursuant to the said former A&s is diredfed to be applied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Changing Saco* for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for ritiea. the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Adi, or any Part or Parts thereof, for other Government or Parliamentary Securities, and again to change such Securities respectively from time to time, and to give all necessary Diredtions for fuch

Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That if at any time Money placed hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be placed out out, called in for pursuant to this A&, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands answering the of the Suitors of the .said Court of Chancery, "then and in such case the said Court may and shall direct the fame or any Part thereof to be ul called in, or the Securities on which the fame shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the Common and General Ca(h belonging to such Suitors.

XI And be it further enadfed, That out of the Interefts and Cofts, *rc. paid Dividends aforesaid, the Cofts, Charges and Expences of all Pro- from bereft ceedings to be had in Execution in pursuance of this A6t, shall be ^ividen<lfc paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

XII. And be it further enadfed, That the Lord Chancellor, Lord Additional Sum Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the time being, shall, from the time of M00*-a Vice Chancellor shall be appointed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, g^terly out of the Fees and Emoluments belonging to and received in respect Jeesof Lord of the Cuftody of the Great Seal, or otherwise, pay or cause to be Chancellor, &c. paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the net and carried to yearly Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, by Four Quarterly Account of Ag-Payments, on the Tenth Day of January, the Tenth Day of April,	Fund*

the Tenth Day of July and the Fifteenth Day of October in every Year 5 and the First of such Payments, or a proportionable Part thereof, to be computed from the time of appointing such Vice

11 /l_ii 1	 ji	 r	1	p	.1	r	•	1	?	r»

Puipofes.

14	C.24»2J*	53* GEO. IH.	AJD.i8i3,

such Vice Chancellor as aforesaid; and m case it shall happen that any Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lord Commiffioner shall die or cease to hold his Office between any of the said Quarterly Days of Payments, such Person so ceasing to hold bis Office, and the Executors or Adminiftrators of such Person so dying, shall pay a just Proportion of the accruing Quarterly Payment, according to the time which shall elapse between the last Day of Payment and the Death of such Person, or of his ceasing to hold his Office ; and the Person or Persons who shall succeed to the Office of Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lord Commissioner, shall pay the Remainder ..	of such Quarterly Payment j and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper

or Lords Commiflioners for the time being, shall make Orders from time to time, as Occafion shall require, for ascertaining the Sums of Money to be paid to the (aid Governor and Company in pursuance of this A&; and all such Sums of Money, when lo paid to the said Governor and Company, shall be carried to the Account of the Intereft and Dividends of the Securities hereinbefore mentioned, and may be applied to all the Purpofes to which such Intereft and Dividends are or may be applicable.

Fees not to be	XIII. And be it further enabled, That the said Vice Chancellor

nemtd,	his Officers respectively shall not take or receive, or demand any

Fee or Reward whatsoever, over and above the Salaries hereinbefore directed to be paid to them respectively, for or in respect of any Bufinefs which shall be done by such Vice Chancellor or his Officers, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given by this A€t; but that all Fees for such Bufinefs shall be taken and received by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being, or his or their proper Officers, in such and the fame Manner as if such Bufinefs had been done by such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords CommiffioneT* re-fpedively.

CAP. XXV.

An AGt for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marin* Forces while on Shore.	[23d	March	1813.]

*	VT 7 HE REAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United 4 VV Kingdom, and the Defence of the PofTeflions of the Crown

*	of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces 4 should be employed in His Maiefty's Fleet and Naval Service,

*	under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral or Commiflioners

*	for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the Grid

*	Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, or

*	fent to do Duty on Board Tranfport Ships or Merchant Ships or

*	Vefleis, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the

*	Government of His Mayfly’s Forces by Sea ; yet nevertheless it 4 being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that 4 an exafl Difcipline be olJerved ; and that Marines who shall mutiny 4 or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majc fly’s Service, be brought 4 to a more exemplary and speedy Punifnment than the Law will 4 allow Be it enacted by the King's Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and

b7

A.D. 1813.	53°	GEO.	in.

by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty fifth Mwint Officer,

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, if any NonComimf-

Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or 9®***

who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commimoned Officer or

Private Man in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majefty’s

Service, aud on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

eight hundred and thirteen shall remain in such Service, or, during

the Continuauce of this Ad, shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay,

as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majefty’s Service; and

being ordered or employed in such Service, at any time during the

Continuance of this Ad, on Shore in any Place within the said King.

dom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts,

or on board any Tranfport Snip or Merchant Ship or Veffel, (hall

begin, excite, cause or jo.n in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company Mutinying«r

to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop deferring,

or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Foroes, in His Majefty’s

Service 5 or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame,

or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended

Mutiny, mail not, without Delay, give Information thereof to hit

Commanding Officer; or shall desert His Majefty’s Service, or being

adually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any jnPther

other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Regiment, Sec,

Majefty’s Service, without fir ft having a Difcharge in Writing from

the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last ferved

as a Marine, in which case he shall be reputed a Deferter ; or shall be flevpin* on or

found deeping upon his Poft; or shall leave it before relieyed; or shall deferring his

hold Correfpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or Poft» °.r

give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any way* of

means, or in any mannner whatsoever; or shall treat with fuch

Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without

His Majefty’s Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being;

or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer being in orftrikingor dif.

the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command obeying his fu^e*

of his Superior Officer; all and every Person and rerfons so offending Office

in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any

Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions,

or in Foreign Parts, or on’board any Tranfport Ship or Merchant

Ship or Veffel, shall suffer Death, or such other Punilhment as by a PunUhment

Court Martial shall be in Aided.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may, from time to Admirtltygrau time during the Continuance of this Ad, be lawful to and for the «g« Commit-faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the (aid Commissioners ^>n forjholdjng for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time &^>UIt U%Ult being, to grant a Coramission, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Royal Marines in His Majefty’s Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General Court Martial at any Place or Places, on Shore, in this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions; in every of which Courts Martial all or any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences hereinafter specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this Ad is directed.

IU. And

C.2J.	I2J

»2 6

C. 25.

53® GEO.ni.

A.D. 1813.

Courts Martial may inflict Corporal Punifti-ment for Immoralities, 8c c.

Admiralty empowered to make Articles for PunUhment of Mutiny and Desection, Sec.

and to constitute Courts Martial

Articles of War transmitted to Judges.

Provifo for Life and Limb.

Oaths by Members of Divifioual Couits Martial, fee.

Oaths.

III. And be it also enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Courts Martial respectively, by their Sentence or Judgment, to inflict Corporal Punifhment not extending to Life or Limb, on any Marine for Immorality, Mifbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, on Shore, in any Place or Places within this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty's Dominions, or in Tranfports or Merchant Ships or Vefleis, during the Continuance of this Aft.

iV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Comm;flioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, Immorality, Mifbehaviour and Negleft of Duty, in any of His Majefly’s Royal Marine Foroes, while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or in Transport or Merchant Ships or Vefleis, and for bringing Offenders against the fame to Juslice, and to erect and constitute Court* Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflict Punishments, by Sentence or Judgment for the fame according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and all such Articles of War shall from time to time, as soon after the fame shall have been established as the fame can be done, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majefty’s Courts at IVeft-minflcr and Dublin, and into Scotland respectively.

V.	Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punifhment extending to Life or Limb by the said Rules or Articles, within this Kingdom, except for such Crime or Crimes as is or are exprefied to be so p uni (liable by this Aft.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any Divifional or Detachment Courts Martial which shall be held by virtue of this Aft, or of any Articles of War established in ptfrfuance thereof, every Member afiifting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the Oaths hereinafter mentioned upon the Holy Evangelifts (which Oath shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member having first taken the said Oaths) ; that is to fay,

•	fhall wc^ an<* truly try and determine according to your 4 Evidence in the Matter now before you.

«	*	So	help you GOD/

•	T A. J5. do swear, That I will truly administer Juftice according

•	** to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His

4 Maiefty’s Royal Marine Forces when on Shore, and according to an 4 Aft of Parliament now in force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and 4 Defertion, and of other Crimes therein mentioned, without Par-4 tiality, Favour or Affeftion ; and if any Doubt shall arise (which 4 is not explained by the said Articles, or Aft of Parliament) 4 according to my Confluence, and the best of my Understanding, 4 and the Cuftom of Wy.	»	So help me GOD/

And the President of every such Court Martial ( not being under the Rant of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of

13	the

A.D.i8r3-	f3°GE0.IIL	C.i$.

the Divifion or Detachment dfre&ing such Court Martial; and every such Divifional or Detachment Court Martial is hereby authorized and directed to administer an Oath to every Witnefs that shall appear before them.

VII.	And be it further enacted and delared, That in case of any Deferter ad* Non Commiilioned Officer or Marine tried and convicted of Defertion, to be whensoever the Court Martial which shall pass Sentence upon such tr*r,rPorte<1-Trial shall not think the Offence deferring of Capital Puniihment,

such Court Martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Puniihment, adjudge the Offender, if they shall think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, according to the .Degree of the Offence: And if such Non Commiilioned Officer or returning with. Marine, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon, shall outLeave, &©. afterwards (without Leave from His Majeffy, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been tranfported) return into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the Ordinary Courfe Doth, of Law, he shall suffer Death.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases His Majesty,

wherein a Capital Puniihment shall have been awarded by a Court wher? Courts Martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of cauiing fuch	award

Sentence to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be Punlfhinent transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to may order *

. His Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported in Otienders to pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards (without transported m Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding felon*»&c. „ Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported reftrn into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Deatn.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall ?n whstcafe

intend any such Sentence of a Court Martial to be carried into Sentence with Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend his Mercy, upon Majefty]* ‘ Condition of Tranfportation, to any Offender liable to the Puniih- Flc * jfc* ment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Sentence, a„y of together with His Majesty s Pleafure upon the fame, shall be notified K. B. &c. Order in Writing by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of for Traufporta-Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the tion of such Of-Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or «n^r* *^7. more of them, to any Juftice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas,	*

or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and thereupon

such Juftice or Baron mail make an Order for the Transportation of

iuch Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be

fpecified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order

or Orders, and do all such other A&s consequent upon the fame,

as any such Juftice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an A6t

palled in the Twenty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled

An A3 for the effcBual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders,

and to authorize the Removal of Prifoners in certain cases and for

other Purtofes therein mentioned, with respect to Offenders in such A& .	,

mentioned, tried at anv Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery

.in England, as in the {aid Ad mentioned; and such Order and Orders	-

lb to ©e made as aforesaid, and such Ads as shall be so done

at

12*

C.2J.

53* GKO. III.

AD. 1813.

Notification filed with Clerk of The Crown.

Certificate of

Cnnviflion

delivered.

Offenders under Sentence of Death, obtaining Hi* Majefty’s conditional Pardon.

Eicaj*.

General Court Maitial, Number of Members.

at aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by fufeh Person in whose Cuftody such Offender shall at that time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effc&ual and have all the fame Confluences as any Order made under the Authority of the fisid Ad with refoed to any Offender in the said Aft mentioned ; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Sirperintendant whom it may concern, and all Constables, and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be afiiftant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punifhment for Difobedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Ad ; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject tc-fpedively to all and every the Provifion and Provifious made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majefty’s Pardon on Condition of Tranfportation.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Juiliee or Baron who shall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any such Notification of His Majefty’s Pleafure as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notification, and bis own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Beneh, and to be there kept of Record; and tne said Clerk of the Crown shall receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more, for filing the fame.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk of The Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench shall upon the Application of any such Offender who shall be ordered by His Mikity to be transported as aforesaid, or of any other Person applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Person on Behalf of His Majesty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under his Hand (not taking for the fame more than Two Shillings and Six pence), containing an Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Con-ditions on which Hia Majefty’s Order for such Offender’s Tranfportation was given ; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Convidion and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Tranfportation was given in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be neceuary to enquire into the fame.

XIL And be it further enacted, That if any Offender, under Sentence of Death by a Court Martial as aforesaid, shall obtain Hia Majefty’s conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now in force touching the Efcape of Felons under Sentence of Death, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting or affifttng in any Escape, or intended Efcape of any fuck Offender, or contriving any such Escape, from the time when such Order shall be made by such Juft ice or Baron as aforesaid, and during all the several Proceedings which shall be bad for the Purpofea aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby farther enacted and declared, That no General Court Martial which shall have Power to fit by virtue of this Ad, shall consist of a less Number than Thirteen, whereof none to be under the Degree of a Cocnmsffioned Officer; except Courts

14	Martial

AJD.iti).	53°GEO. III.	C.a$.	129

Martial to be holden on any Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine, who may be Serving on Shore in any Place beyond the Seas and out of Hit Majefty’s Dominions or oat of the East Indies, in Which cases any General Court Martial may con lift of any Number not less than Seven, and the President of fact) Court Martial shall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Royal Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had 5 in which case the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such Court Martial 5 and that such Court Martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witnefs, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Offenders Oaths by Mem-by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this A&, every General Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had there-	Martial

upon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (whoare hereby authorized to administer the fame), in these Words ; that is to*fay,

•	Ihall	well	and truly try and determine according to the Evi- Oaths.

*	dence which shall be given in the Matter now before you, be-

•	tween our Sovereign Lord The Ewing’s Majesty and the Prisoner to

*	be tried.	*	So	help	you GOD/

€ J A. B. do swear, That I will duly administer Juftice, according

#	to an Aft of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of His € Majefty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore > and according to the

Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Ad of Parliament for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes therein refpeftivcly mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affec-€ tion ; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the laid Ad of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles), according' g to my Conscience, the belt of my Understanding, and the Cuftdm

•	of War in like cases: And I further swear. That I will not divulge c the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord

High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commimoners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; neither will I, upon any account at any time

*	whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any parti-

*	cular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evi*

*	dence thereof as a Witnefs by a Court of Juftice, in a due Courfe

*	of Law.	‘	So	help	me GOD/

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the jujge Advocate respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized twcra. ana required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

‘ T A. B. do swear. That 1 will not upon any account, at any time

*	whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any par-

« ticular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evi-% dence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice, in a due Courfe g of Law.	*	So	help	me GOD/

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any In Seutcncss ui such General Court Martial as aforesaid, unless Nine Officers present. Death, wh«t or where the CoOrt Martial shall consist of Seven Members, unless Number of Eve Officers present shall concur therein \ and if there be more Offi- cur t0 co** 55 Gso. III.	K	cert	*

»!•

Hours of Trial.

Peferters trans. ported for Life, 4c c.

Court! Martial nee

Off nd» n to Inipuioament, 4c c.

Penalty.

P.»y forfeited during Imprifcll-ment*

C.2J.	5J*<3®0.	IK.

cert pi*font that! Thirteen, or Seven re£pe£tmly, then the Judgment iha)l pass by the Concurrence of T wo Thirds of the Officers present % and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but be* tween the Hours of Ei^ht of the Clock in the Morning and Three im the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example.

XV; And be it further euaefced and declared. That in case of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine tried and convicted of Defer-tion, whensoever the Court Martial which shall pass Sentence upoa £uch Trial shall not think the Offence deferring of Capital Punifi*-ment, such Court Martial may, instead of awarding a Corooral Puniih-ment, adjudge the Offender according to the Nature of the Offence* if they (nail think fit, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years} and if such Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon, fhaU afterwarJs (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large without Leave as afore-said, or other lawful canse, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Ureal Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Maiefty’s Poffeffions Abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary Courle of Law, every such Peifon shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Dearh hs a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Court Martial to sentence any Non Commiffioned Officer, or Private Marine to imprisonment in any House of Correction, Common Gaol or Public Prifon, or in any other Place which such Court may deem fit and convenient for that Purpofe ; and all Gaolers and Keepers of such Houfe3 of CoiTe6tioa or Prifons shall receive into their Cuftody and keep in Confinement, for such time as they shall be respectively required so to do, or until discharged, any Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine who may have been sentenced to Imprifonment by any General or other Const Martial, a.;d shall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine, according to the Sentence of such Court, during the Period of his Imprifonment, upon receiving an Order in Writing from the Commanding Officer of the Divifion at which such Generator other Court Martial shall have been held ; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a House of Corre&ion -of Prifon who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non Com. miffioned Officer or Private Marine in manner as afore said, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by A6tion of Debt or Information for the Ufe -of ttb Majesty.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Non Coimnjfiianed Officer or Private Marine, to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, -during the time of such Imprifonment ; and also that, during the Continuance of any such Imprifonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prifon or House of Corre&ion shall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diem out of the Subfiftence of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine, duripg the time that such Non Commiffioned Officer 6f Private Marine shall continue in Cuftody, which laid Sum the Lords

Commit*

UjOOQle

A.D. iSij.	53*GEO. IQ.	C25.	\3l

Commttfioners of tht Admiralty are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Paymafter of Royal Marines to the said Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing to their Secretary, signed by any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prifon, or House of Corredion (hafl be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the said Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine was confined :

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Comfruffioners Provifo. of the Admiralty for the time being, if they (bould think fit, to order the Iflue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Com-miffioned Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprifonment.

XVIII.	And be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Party entitled te, Court Martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Copy andCpio-of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Courts Martial, upon CCedi„gS, JDemand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Perfons

on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the fame), at any time not sooner than Three Months after such Sentence, whether fuefi Sentence be approved or not ; any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.	And be it enacted. That every Judge Advocate or Person Original Pro-officiating as such at any General Court Martial to be held as afore-

laid, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Ex- ^SMutaryof pedition as the Opportunity of Time and Diftance of Place can admit. Admiralty, &c. the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court Martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being ; which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain and Ireland, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

• XX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or Private Man, being acquitted or conr vided of any Offence at any such Court Martial as aforesaid, shall he liable to be tried a Second time by the fame or any other Court Martial, for the fame Offence, and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

XXL And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Private Man, in any of His Majefty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elfe-where beyond the Seas, commit auy of the Offences for which he may - be liable to be tried by Courts Martial, by virtue of this Ad, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the fame ; such Officer or Private Man shall be tried for the fame, as if the fame Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Royal Marine, either Officer or Priyate Man, whatsoever, while on Shore, froto being proceeded against by the ordinary Courfe of Law.

XXIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crimes, Violences or Offences by the Civil Magiftisite, shall be liable to be puni-fhed by a Court Martial for the fame, otherwise than by cashiering.

K 2	XXIV.	Pro-

None tried a Sec< n i time for fame

Deferten beyond Sea, See. tried here.

not to ex-empt any on Shore from ordinary Procefs.

Persons acquitted, flee. by Civil Magiilrate cafhicsed.

Convi&ed of Criminal Of-f jncet not entitled to Pay.

Accufed of Capi-t ji 1 Crime;, &c. delivered over to Civil Magiitrate, fee.

Ofllter refufinr.

unilhmtnt.

Fiflitiou* Names allowed hy Hi* Majesty** Order upon Mu *er Rolls for Maintenance of Officers*Widows.

Piymaftertopay full Pay offuch Men to Receiver.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer or

Marine having been convicted in the ordinary Courfe of Law of any Criminal Offence, shall, while under confinement in confequtnce thereof, be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day on which such Convi&ion shall have taken place, nor until the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong.

XXV.	Provided also, and be it further ena£ted, That if any Marine Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Eftate or Property of any of His Majefty’s Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magiflrate ; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Juflice in thefeizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial : And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully negledil or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magifirate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Juflice in the apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fa& is committed, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fad• cashiered and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom 5 or in His Majefty’s Service ; provided the said Convi&ion be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court Martial.

‘ XXVI. And whereas His Majesty has been graciously pleased,

*	in Compaflion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of ‘ Officers of the Array, who have loft their Lives in the Service of

*	the late War, or during the late Rebeilion, by Orders made under

*	His Royal Sign Manual, to direct His Commijrary General of

*	the Mufters to allow, upon the Mufter Rolls of all the Regiments,

*	Troops and Companies, a Number of fictitious Names therein

*	mentioned, instead of Private Men, in order to raise and fettle a

*	Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or € shall be entitled to His Royal Bounty Therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling His Majefty's said gracious Intentions with re-fpedt to the allowing of fiffcitious Names upon the Mufter Rolls of the said Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purpofet aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this A6>, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the said Commiflioners for exe-ecuting the said Office of Lord High Admiral for thejtime being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the time being authorized to pay the said Royal Marine Foroes, to pay over the full Pay offuch fictitious Private Men as {hair be allowed on the Mufter Rolls of the said Royal Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed by His Majesty, according to such Orders and InftrufUons aa Hia Majesty shall be pleased to make under His Sign Manual, for the Purpole aforesaid $ and that no Allowance of any such fi&itious

Name

A.D. 1813.	530GEO. III.	C.25.	13s

Name upon any Mailer Roll of the said Royal Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false Mutter; any thing in this Ad, or any former Ad, contained to the contrary not-with Handing.

‘ XXVII. And whereas there is and may be Occafion for the 4 marching and quartering of the said Royal Marine Forces in several • Parts ofthis KingdomBe it further enacted, That, for and during Constable*,Jkc. the Continuance of this Ad, and no longer (in pursuance of an Order xo quarter Of-or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord ficers and Me* High Admiral, or under the Hands of Three or more of the Commif- j" Inns, AU-fioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the houfc4»<,c* time being), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Con (tables,

Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Con-stables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men, in His Majefty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vic-tualling-houses, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging ; and all Houfes of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Me- hut in no Diflit* theglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the lers* or Shop- . Houfeor Houfes of any Diftiliers, who keep Houfes or Places fjr keepew* Houfet, distilling Brandy or Strong Waters, and the House of any Shop-	pnva*

keeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters f so as such Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houfes), and in noothqr, and in no private Houfes whatsoever, without the Confent of the Occupier, nor shall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there are effedive Royal Marines present to be quartered 5 and if any Constable, Tithingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Private Man in any such private House without the Confent of the Occupier, in such case such Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at I^aw against such Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damages that such Occupier shall sustain thereby : And if any Marine Officer penalty.

shall take upon nim to quarter Private Men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Ad, or shall use or offer any Menace or Com. pulfton to any Mayors, Conftables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed 5 such Marine Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipsa faQo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty** Service \ provided the said Convidion be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffiona of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be tranf-mitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court Martial 5 and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tithingman or Headbo-rough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate (fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate

K 3	not

Aegritvad by being quartered on, iMyeonfUin t*

lift	C.2$.	53’GEO.	El.'	A.O.tiij.*

any Juftice and »i relieved.

Marines net

I-ill tied above One Mile from Place mentioned in Route.

Officer* and Maiine* to pay Rates for Pi wifions.

In didders r<*-lufing to Wnifh Men qua tend or- them with P-'cat, t<» allow th m Candles, ‘'mall Be.r, &c. gratis.

Taking Money to eicufe from quartering.

not being * Juftice of the Peace), baa quartered or billet ted in his House a greater Number of Royal Marines than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Royal Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magiftrate shall be a Juftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Juftice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have, Power to relieve such Person by ordering such and so many of the said Royal Marines to be removed ana quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall fee cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Royal Marines accordingly.

* XXVIII. And as very great Detriment and Inconvenience arife

•	to the Service from the dispersing and billetting of Marines when

•	on a March at a great Diftance from the Place or Places where they

*	are meant to be quartered, by reason of which they are placed wid*

*	of their intended Route for the next Day’s March Be it therefore enacted, That at no time when Marines are on a March shall any of them be billettcd above One Mile from the Place or Places mentioned in the Route.

XXIX.	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That th£ Marine Officers and Private Men, so quartered and billetted as afore-said, shall be received and furniftied with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Viftualling-houses, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in theif own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houfes m which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Aft; paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

XXX.	Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person on whom any Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Aft (except on a March or employed hi recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for tbfe Space of Seven Days at most for such Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men who are recruiting and Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to furnish such Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder* not exceeding Five Pints for each Man per Diem gratis, and allow tt> such Non Commiffion Officers or Private Men the Ufe of Fire, afid the necefiary Utenfils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the fame accordingly ; then and in such «afe the Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men so quartered shall provide their own Viftuals ; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subfiftence of such Non Com-miffion Officers and Private Men, shall pay the several Sums hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men are quartered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI.	Prodded always, and be it enacted, That if any Marine Officer shall take, or caule to be' taken, or knowingly fuller to be

15	takes

i^

AJD.iSij.

j3*geo. m.

C.25.

*31

taken airy Money of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officer* or Private Men, or any of them, in any House allowed by this A6t, every stich Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable cf serving in toy Military Employment whatsoever.

* XXXII. And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service,

* for the Commanding Officer to have Power to exchange the Billets 4 or Quarters of Marines quartered in the fame Town or PlaceBe it therefore enacted, That the Commanding Officer of Royal Marines, in any Town or Place where such Marine Forces are quartered, shall and he is hereby declared to have Power from time to time to exchange toy Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the fame Town or Place, provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that time billetted on such Houfes respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged 5 and the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places, where any of the said Royal Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, no Paymafter or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Private Man, in His Majefty’s Service ; or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, othef than the ufuai Deductions for Clothing and Twelve pence in the Pound to be disposed of as His Majesty shall think fit, and the One Day’s Pay of the Officers now paid to the Paymafter of Widows’ Penfions, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by Order in Writing under his or their refpeCtive Hand or Hands.

XXXIV.	And, that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore as aforesaid, may, during the Continuance of this ACt, be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majefty’s Duties of Excife better answered, be it enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, every Officer or other Person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive the Pay or Subfiftence Money, for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Royal Marine Forces or other wife, shall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall from time to time be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subfiftence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Placet where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this A£t; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such times as they shall appoint for the Diftnbution and Payment of the said Pay or Subfiftence Money to such Officers or Private Men, which shall be within Four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the fame, as aforesaid ; and the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts Or Debts (if aoy shall be), between them and the Officers and Private Men so quartered in their refpectiv# Houses; which

K 4	^Account#

Puniffiment.

Commanding Officer may exchange Marines in their Quarters,

and Conftables to billet fame accordingly.

No Paymaster, See. to make Deductions out of Officers’ or Private Men’s Pay.

Officers togivs Notice to Ion-, keepers of Sublet ence Money in their Hands.

»3<J

Rites of Sub* fifteme p:.id to Innkeeper *3,5c c.

Officers not

giving Notice of SuSfirtence *-foney and paying yuarteri.

Paymader to Ikisfy them out of Arrears.

In what case P.ivmafter may deau& out of next Subfiftence Money.

Offi cer* neglecting, calhiered

On moving from Quarters,Officer to make up Accounts, and give Certificates for Money due. Payroafter to pay Sum certified for.

Officers, See. quartered in Scotland, as Laws in force at Union dir«&,

C. 25.	53*	GEO.	III.	A-D.	181 f

Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any Part of the said Pay or Subfidence be djftributed either to the Officers or Privater Men : Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for One Marine Com* mission Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, ter Diem, One Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horfes, for each such Horse or Horfcs, for their Hay* and Straw,per Diem, Six pence 5 nor for One Private Man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Four pence 5 and if any Officer or Officers aa aforesaid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately* upon producing such Account dated, satisfy, content and pay the fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any TwoWitneffet* at the next Quarter Seffions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were (which Oath the Judices of she Peace at such Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminider), the Paymader, or Person for the time being authorized to pay the said Royal Marine Foroes, is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the said Jufiices, before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the fame is owing), to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Manne Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymader or Person shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymader or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the fame for the future 5 and in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymader or Person for the time being authorized to pay the said Royal Marine Foroes, is hereby authorized and required to dedu& the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Judices, out of the next Pay or Subfidence Money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall belong ; and such Officer or Officers* shall, for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subfidence Money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso fa Bo calhiered.

XXXV.	And, where it shall happen that the Subfidence Money due to any Marine Officer or Private Man shall, by Occafion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Private Man, or such Officer or Private Man shall neglect to pay the fame, so that Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this A& dire£U, in every such case, it is hereby further enacted. That every such Officer shall, before hit or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Company shall remain for any time whatibever, make up the Accounts, fa this ACt directs, with eveiy Person with whom such Company shall have quartered, and (ign a Certificate thereof, and give the laid Certificate* (o by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of fuen Company to which he or they shall belong 5 to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith tianlmitted to the proper Pay-mader of the Royal Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Peiions to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the fame may be applied to such Company under Pain as is before in this Aft directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

XXXVI.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Private Men of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houfesas Officers and .Private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in.

A.D.1813*	sfGEQ.UI.	C.2jf.

Vy the Laws in force m Scotland at the time of the Union; and that the Poflefiors of such Houfes shall only be liable to fumi(h the said Marine Officers and Private Men quartered there, as by the laid Laws in force at the timeof the Union was provided with respect to the Officers and Private Men of the Land foroes; and that no such Marine Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXXVII.	Aod be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Marines in Ireland in such and the like Places and Houfes as they might have been quartered in, by the Laws in force in Ireland at the time of its Union with Great Britain, and that the Poflefiors of such Houfes shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Marines quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the time of the said Union was provided ; and that if any Person in Ireland, liable to have Officers and Marines quartered and billetted on him, shall refuse to receive or vi&ual any such Officer or Marine so quartered and billetted upon him or her as aforesaid, or (hail refuse to fumiffi any such Officer or Marine so quartered or bil-lctted, in such manner as by the said Laws in force in Ireland at the time of the said Union was provided, every such Person so refuting shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties as any Person so refuting was liable to, under or by virtue of any Laws in force in Ireland at the time of the said Union.

XXXVJ1I. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Two or more Juft ices of the Peace for the County, Town or Place, where any Non Com million Officer or Marine shall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England, in case such Non Commiffion Officers or Private Marine have either Wife or Child or Children, to be summoned before them, in the Town or Place where such Non Commiffion Officer or Marine shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their lait legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and such Nop Commiffion Officers and Private Marines as aforesaid are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them to the Person making the fame, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required; which attested Copy shall be at any time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace: Provided always, that in case any Non Com-mHfion Officer or Private Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath, as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him or by any other Person on his behalf, such Non Commiffioq Officer or Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination if required. ,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more regular Provition of Carriages for His Maiefty's Royal Marine Forces m their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed\ all Justices of the Peace, lyithin the several Counties, Ridings, Divitions, Shires, Liberties and Prcein&s^ being duly required

thereunto

and in Ireland

as Laws in f ree at Union <Lre&»

Two Juftices

may furamon Marines having Vi ife or Children to make Oath of last Settlement*

Justices may order Conftabfes to provideCarrugos for Matins Forces in Marches.

C.15*

ffato. m.

iulX iftift.

thereunto by the foid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and (hewn unto One or more such Juftice or Juft ices, by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Royal Marines fb ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrrant or Warrants to the High Constables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precinst, from, through9 near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provifion for Carriages, with able Men to drive tne fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and in case sufficient Car-riages cannot be provided within any fnch Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Divifion or Precind, then the next Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, shall upon such Order as aforesaid being brought, or (hewn to One or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Conftables or Petty Conftables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion or Precindfc for lUtes for Car- the Purpofes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency ; and the afare* ruges.	faid	Officer	or	Officers,	who,	by	virtue	of the aforesaid Warrant or

Warrants from such Joftjce or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the High Coo-ftable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Ufe of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Slim of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes, shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horfes, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with Narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horfes respectively, carrying notiefs than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with less than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Hones, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horfes, shall travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel 5 and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the fame shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District, assembled at any General Selfions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates, for which refpe6tive Sums so received, the said Coo-ftable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to-the Perfom or Persons paying the fame ; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their refpettive Liberties, as they shall think proper# to proride and ftirnifh such Carriages and Htorfa

and

A<D.*8i3*	53oGEO.	III.*	C.25.	131

aind Oxen and Men iccbrding to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby" required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such Waggons, tec. Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be fubjefcl to any not (topped on ic-Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall airy such Waggoa, Wain, Cart or coum of W***fcc Other Carriage be (lopped or detained by reaion of any Weight in	**

any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn e*‘ by any Number of Horfes or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this A61; any thing in any A& or Ads of	'

Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any Marine Officer or Officers for the Ufe of whose Company or Officer forciug Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and conflrain any Waggon to Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel more than One Day’*	.

Journey, or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their ney**/* * Return Home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such as are fick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid ; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menancing Words, to provide Saddle Horfes for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horfes from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Private Men; every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Penalty.

Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace for the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper Paymafter of His Majefty's Royal Marine Foroes, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace; and is also hereby empowered to dedudl the fame out of such Officer's Pay : Provided Further Com- 1 always, that in cases where the Day's March of the Marines shall penfatiem for be such, either owing to the Diftance of Place, State of the Roads, Carriages in or Seafon of the Year, as not to admit of the Return of the Carriages CAfel whereth«f on the fame Day on which they shall have been impressed, fuch	'em

further Compenfation shall be made and paid in like manner to the whjch impressed. Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Order of Justices Magiftrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not er- fur Payment of ceediog the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages : Provided also, additional Rate* that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Seffions	it

of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of shall b* in force. Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the cultomary Rates of One Shilling, Nine pence and Six pence per Mile respectively, shall specify the Period for which the fame shall be in force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Seffions of the Peace for such County or Diftrid next esfuing the Date 6f such Order.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any High Constable, or Petty Conftiblei.fte. Constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such NegUtfing Warrant of the said Juftice or Justices of the Peace as shall be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable, for providing Carriages as aforesaid \ or shall demand or receive for the Ufe of the Owners fumifhing such Waggons, Wains, Carts or Carriages, more than the accustomed Rates per Mfte, of One Shilling, Niue pence,

or

CjjOO^Ic

14*	C.25.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1&13.

or Six pence, according to the Size of the respective Carnages a» afore said, unless any further Sums, not exceeding the Amount hereinbefore specified, shall have been previously fixed and ordered by the Justices at any General Seffions of the Peace aifembled as aforesaid; or if any Perlon or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable, to provide and furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the fame; or any other Person or Persons what-foever shall wilfully do any Ad or Thing whereby the Execution of any such Warrant or Warrants shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to the Ufc of the Poor of such Parifh or Parishes adjoining to the Parifh where any such Offence shall be committed, as shall be fixed upon by the Juftice or Justices by whom such Offence shall be enquired of, heard and determined; and all and every such Offence and Offences shall be enquired of, heard and fully determined, by Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty thftrcf*.	to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and

Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any] to the Owner.

4 XLI. And whereas in confequeuce of certain Exemptions from 4 Tolls expressly allowed by feverai.Ads of Parliament for His

*	Majefty’s Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horfes 4 and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arisen whether in all 4 cases not To exempted, the Officers and Marines, and the Car-4 riages and Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels belonging to 4 His Majesty or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom,

4 may not be charged with the Payment of Tolls Therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all

Officer* ami	His Majefty’s Officers and Marines, and their Horfes on Duty, or

Marines, &c.	on their March, and all Carriages and Horfes belonging to His

yair'a?esIT; Majesty, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, and MUjefiy's Ser- ** a^° a^ Boats, Barges and other Veffels belonging to His Majesty, vice, extniyud or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers, Marines, fr«m Payment Servants, Women, Children or other Persons, of or belonging to sfTolU.	His Majefty’s Royal Marine Foroes, or the Arms, Clothes, Ac-

coutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces on their Marches, or returning therefrom, were and are and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwise demandable by virtue of any Adt of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horfes, Carriages or Veffek passing Turnpike Roads, Bridges, Rivers, Canals or Locks, unless by such Adi it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Royal Marines, Carriages, Horfes and Veffels, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken.

4 XLII. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Adi

*	appointed to be paid to the Conftables by the Officers demanding 4 such Carriages, may not, in many cases, be sufficient to answer the 4 Charge and Expence of providing the fame, whereby the said Con-4 stables may be frequently at great Charges over and above wbat is 4 received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burthen of the

*	Townlhips in which they are respectively Constables, or elfe the

4 Perfoox

. A.D.1813.	C-aj.

4 Persons fumifhing such Carriages may be grievouffy oppressed : to 4 prevent which, and that such Overplus Charge may be borne by 4 each County or Riding at the general Charge of such County 4 or Riding	Be it further enacted. That the Treasurer or Trea-

furers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Cdnftable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the laid Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Seffions assembled, within their respective Jurifdiftions, shall from time to time, during the Continuance of this Aft, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) ; Regard being always had to the Seafon of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel.

XLIII. And, in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purpofes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned, it is hereby further enacted, That tne said Jullices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Seffions, shall have Power from time to time to raise Monies upon the respective Counties or Ridings, in such manner as they now raise Monies for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Aft, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Aft, to carry above Twenty Hundred Weight 5 any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Royal Marine Forces quartered or marched in Scot» land, shall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of the Union, with regard to the furnidling Carriages for Land Forces.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Royal Marine Forces from time to time quartered or marching in Ireland, shall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of such Carriages shall be paid as was directed by the Laws in force in Ireland at the time of its Union with Great Britain.

XLVII. And, be it further enacted, That if any Officer Military or Civil, by this Aft authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houfes hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Marine, in any such Houfes against the Confent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Royal Marines, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipso faQo cashiered ; and if a Conliable, Tithingman or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Juitice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant

of

141

Treasurer of Countv to reply Con ft d Mefc extraordinary Charge.

Money for that Purpofe how raised.

What Wei^f Waggon, & c. liable to carry.

Carriages hi Scotland,

Ireland, hour provided.

Marines Wives* See. not quartered without Cou^ sent.

Penalty

Officer* or Marines destroying 6am*.

Peualtjj %e.

Cotiftablet, Set, may apprehend Deferter*, and carry them before a fuftice j

end transmit Account to Secretary of Admiralty.

pf such Judies by Diftrefs and Sale of hi* Good*f rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reasonable Charge* in taking the fame.

XLVIII. And, for the better Preservation of the Game in or near such Place where any Officers or Marine* shall at any time be

Suartered, be it enacted, That if, from and after the said Twenty fth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, any Officer or Marine shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal fir ft had and obtained, take, kill or dedroy any Hare, Coney, Pheafant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fidi, or His Majelty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnestes, convicted before any Judice or Judices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; that it to lay, every Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to De didributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed ; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid and didributed in manner afore-laid $ and if upon Con vision made by the Judices of the Peace, and JDemand thereof also made by the Condable or Overseers of the poor, such Officer shall refuse ornegleet, and not within Two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commidion is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIX. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found wandering, or otherwise abfent-ing themselves illegally from His Majedy’s Service; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Con-dable, Iieadborough or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deferter shall be found, or for any Marine Officer or Marine to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Judice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person ; and if, by his Conftffion, or the Tedimony of One or more Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Judice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such fufpcCled Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether such Company shall be employed on board any of Ri6 Majedy’s Ships or Veffels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Tranfport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Veflel, such Judice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found ; or to the House of Correction or other public Prifon in such Town or Place where such Deferter shall be apprehended ; or to the Savoy, in case such Deferter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or IVeJlminster, or Places adjacent ; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, to the end that such Person may be proceeded against accpsding to Law j and the Keeper of evey

AD.iSij.	53*	GEO.	HI.	G*j.	,145

Gad, House •£ Corrp&ioa or Piifoa, shall receive the full Sab- Gw4 Keeper te

fiftence of such Deferter, during the time he shall continue in his receive Subfif-Cuftody, for the Maintenance of such Deferter; but shall not be	e~

entitled te any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprifonmeut of any such Deferter; any Law, Ufage or Cuflom to the contrary not-withftanding.

L. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Perfona Reward for tsk-to secure or apprehend such Deferter, be it further euacted, That ioi such Juftice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Colle&or or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parifb or Townfhip in Great Britain, where such Deferter shall be appue-hended, or in Ireland to the Colle&or or Collectors of His Ma-jefty’s Revenue in the Diftrid where such Deferter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deferter from His Maje&y’*

Service, the Sum of Three Pounds, for every such Deferter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of Three Pounds shall be satisfied by such Calle&ar or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

LI. And be it further enacted. That any Person who shall volun- Ccmfefling them-tarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deferter from His Ma- selves Defer tern iefty’s Royal Marine Foroes, or who, upon being apprehended for de?med duly Defertion, or any other Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Magif-trate, confefs himself to be a Deferter from such Foroes, shall be deemed to have been duly mlisted, and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve, whether such Person shall have been ever aSually inlifted as a Marine or not.

LI I. And be k further enacted, That the Receipts taken from Rewards for the Person or Persons who shall have apprehended or cause to be taking Deferttrs apprehended any such Deferter or Deferters as aforesaid, together with repaid ty Pr0P*r Warrants in Writing of the Juftice or Jufttoes of the Peace to the 0®cer* Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax, or in Ireland to the Collector or Collectors of His M^jefty’s Revenue for Payment of tbf Sums therein mentioned, being produced, traufmkted to or delivered at the Pay Office of His Majefty’s Navy, if the Deferter belong* to one of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels, or at the Pay Office of His Majefty's Royal Marine Foroes, if the Marine be employed on Shore or in a Tranfport or Merchant Ship or Veflel, by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, or by the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall be immediately paid )nr the Treasurer of the Navy or Paymafter of the said Royal Marine forces or other proper Officer in that Behalf to the said Receiver General or Commissioners of the Revenue, as the case may be, qr to their respective Order, in Re-imburfement of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid by the said Collectors as aforesaid.

LIII- And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer of the Rewj^s t Navy, Paymafter of Royal Marines, or other proper Officer, shall charge on P«y immediately, or as soon as conveniently may be after such Payment and SuMiftence *nd Re-imburfement to the said Receiver General or Commissioners ot Deferters. of the Revenue as aforesaid, charge or cause to be charged again ft

the

Concealing DvUrt«rt, fcc.

faulty.

Receiving Arms Clothes, &c. of Deferters, Ice.

foualty.

Imprifjnment,

the Pay and Subfiftence of every such Marine, for whose Apprehen-fion such Reward or Sum of Three Pounds shall have been paid aa aforesaid, the Amount of such Reward or Rewards retpe&iveJy, and which Amount shall and may be Hopped and retained out of such Pay and SubfiHence accordingly ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deferter from His Majefty’s Royal Marine Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefsor Witneffes, before any of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Suffice of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deferter did belong; and in cale any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deferter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Convidion, then and in such case such Juftice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwi(e receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, from any Marine or Marine Deferter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any such Articles belonging to my Marine or Marine Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, according to the Cuftom of the Royal Marine Corps {being provided for tne Marine and paid for by the Dedudions out of his Pay), or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, every such rerfon so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; and upon Convidion, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace, the said Penalty shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hands of the said Juftice or Juffices of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and he other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Marine did or doth belong ; and in case any such Offender who shall be con-vided as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Articlet as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, or of having cau fed the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Ad, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs mayl>e made to the Value of the Penalty recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Convidion, then and in such case such Juftice or Judices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, for

11	the

JLD.1B13.	53*GEO.IU.	6.254

the Space of Three Months, or such Offender eaufe to he publicly or privately whipped, at the Difcretion of such Juftice or Justices.

LVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons /hall, in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, dire&y or indirectly, persuade or procure any Marine in the Service of His Majeliy, his Heirs or Succeffors, to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully conviCted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or to any other Person or Persons who /hall sue for the fame, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender so convicted as aforesaid hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and satisfy the fame, or if from the Circum-ftances and Heinoufneis of the Crime it /hall appear to the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, that any fqch Forfeiture is not a sufficient Punifhment for such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and ?lfo to /land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour, in some Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed in open Market there, or in the Market Town itself where the said Offence was committed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this ACfc imposed for persuading or procuring any Marine to desert within that Part of Great Britain called England, may and shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster ; and for such like Offences as (hail be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sued for and recoverable in His Ma-jetty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland ; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin ; and for any such like Offences as shall be committed in any of the Dominions of His Majesty, shall and may be sued for and recoverable in any Court pf Record of His Majesty, in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed; for such like Offence as shall have been committed within the Ifland of Guernsey, the fame shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey ; and for such Offences as shall be committed within the Ifland of Jerfey> the fame shall be sued for and recoverable in the Royal Court of Jersey ; any thing contained in an A& passed in the First Year of King George the Firff, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Ifles of Alderney and Sark, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey ; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Isle of Man* the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Istand, or in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deferter from Hia Ma-5J Gso. Ill,	L	jetty’s

Perfuading Ma-line* tu defer u

Penalty.

Im£rifonm*ut.

Penalties hoar recovered.

I G. 1. Stat. l. c. 47.

Penalties for Offences committed in Ireland, &c. trow sued far.

‘ Deferters fur-rendering deemed inlifted.

%4&	C.25.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8i3«

jetty's Royal Marine Foroes, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to fenre in His Ma-jefty's Royal Marine Foroes, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not.

LX. And, in order to prevent all Doubts which may arise in relation to punilhiog Offences committed against former Ads of Parliament made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Force* Offencci against while on Shore, be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences which quire^of and” have been c°mmitted against any of the former Ads in that behalf, puntfhed at an- shall and may, during the Continuance of this present Ad, be en-der this At\. quired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this present Ad, may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adfjodged and punished.

Not tried for LX I. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried JnUtedThrw" °r Pun^e<* ^or any Offence committed against any of the said former Years before Ads, which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Warrant issued Years before the issuing of the Commifiion or Warrant for such except for De- Trial; except only for the Offence of Defertion. i«rtion-	LXII. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent

Arrcils that may be made upon Marines, whereby His Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further No Volunteer enacted, That no Person whatsoever who is entered, or shall enter liable to procef* himself as a Volunteer in His Majefty's Service as a Marine, during? “"I**? so.r,J?me the Continuance of this Ad, shall be liable to be taken out of His rer*orforDebt Majefty's Service by any Procefs or Execution whatsoever, other than sf aoL	for ^ome Criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Caufe

of Adion, and unless before the taking out of such Procefs or Exe-cution (not being for a Criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs .	therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, (hall

make Affidavit before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Procefs or Execution Oath of debt ffiall or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in Made bafora a such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly Judge,	due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or

Defendants, in the Adion or Caufe of Adion on which such Procefs shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at least, over and above all Cofti of Suit in the fame Adion, or in any other Adion on Memorandum which the fame shall be grounded ; a Memorandum of which Oath lhe«of.m*Tl?d shall be marked on the Back of such Procefs or Writ, for which oeff otherwifr Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken ; and if any Person shall PriToner dif- nevertheless be arretted contrary to the Intent of this A6t, it shall and charged with may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Cofta.	Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his fuperior

Officer, to examine into the fame by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Marine so arretted contrary to the Intent of this Ad* without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them that such Marine so arretted was legally lifted as a Marine in His Majefty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Ad ; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Cofta, as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable; for the Recovery

14	whereof

M7

JLD.sSi3'

J3 GEO. HI.

whereof tie shall here the like Remedy that the Person who takes not the said Execution might have had for his Cods, or the Plaintiff in the like A&ion might hare had for the Recovery of his Cods, in case Judgment had been given for him, with Cods, again ft the Defendant in the said Adion.

LX III. And, to the end that honed Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines in His Majedy’s Service, may not be hindered from suing far the fame, but on the contrary may be aifided and forwarded in their Suits ; and inttead of an Arrtft, which may at once bnrt the piahnHTgivmg Service, and occasion a great Expence and Delay to themfehres, may Notice may file be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method, be it ■ Common farther enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any APPearaDC#» Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice fird given in Writing of theCauie of Adion to fach Person or Persons so entered, or left at his or their Place of Rcfidence before such entering, to tie a Common Appearance in any A&ton to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to and proceed to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other Judgment and than and against the Body or Bodies of him or them so entered as Eiecutioo. aforesaid; this Ad, or any thing herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from the palling of this Confined for Ad, no Marine, being arretted or confined for Debt in any Prifon, Gaol or other Place, fhaH be entitled to any Part of his Pay from c**t* ijr* the Day of such Arreft or Confinement until the Day of his Return to the Reg/ment or Company to which he shall belong.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom Notice to Secre-any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Cuftody for any Offence is a Marine, and liable to serve His Majesty, on the E*- ”0J*of pirstion of his Imprifonment, shall give One Month’s Notice to the fanmeat, ^ Secretary of the Admiralty before the Day on which the lmprifon-ment of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration of such Imprifonment.

LXV I. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable, Constables, *e» Con ft able, Beadle or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Ad, shall quarter or billet, or be employed <*uwl#r M™>* in quartering or billetting any Marine Officers or Private Men, shall neglect or refuse for the Space of Two Hours to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Ad directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces ; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree ta^. far any Sura or Sum9 of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or to ncufo any on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons Person from whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House quartering; w/Houses, any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Vi&uailer, Victuallers rackany other Person liable by this Ad to have any Officer or Marine fusing to receive 'billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or vi&ual Marines, thy such Officer or Marine so quartered or billetted upou him or her at-aforefaid ; or shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Dissections of this Ad, the several Things hereinbefore refpc&ively dtreded to be furnished or allowed to Non Commiffioued Officers or Marines so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the Ratt hereinbefore mentioned, and shall be thereof con tided, before

L a

any

Penalty. .

Justices may orHcr Constable s to |ive an Account of Number of Officers and Private Men, and where quarter*!.

Perfrnshaflily inliitmg them-ielves.

C.25.	53°GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, cither by his own Consession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes (which Oath the said Juftice or Justices ia and are hereby empowered to administer), every such High Coo-stable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings (as the said Juftice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Difcretion think fit) ; to be levied by Diftiefs and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Juftice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of-Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of such Parifh.

LXVII. And, for the better preventing .Abufes in quartering or billetting the Royal Marines in pursuance of this A&, be it further enacted. That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand 'and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of this A&, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Royal Marines in pursuance of this A A, to give an Account in ‘Writing unto the said Juftice or Justices reauiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Private Men who mail be quartered or bil-'letted by them, and also the Names of the Houfekeepers or Perfooa upon whom every such Officer or Private Man shall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Houftkeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses, to the end it may appear to the said Juftice or Justices where such Officers and Private Men are quartered or bib-letted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abufes in the quartering or billetting of them.

LXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hnndred and thirteen, when and as often as any Person or Perform shall be inlifted as a Marine or Marines in His Majefty’s Service, he and they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such Inlifting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non Cnmmiffioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be infilied, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlisted, before some Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, refiaing in or being next to or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been inlisted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, and before such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diffent to such Infilling; a$d

-	. 16	upon

149

A.D.i8i3’

53’ GEO. III.

upon £uch Declaration, and returning the InUfting Money, and also each Person so difienting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Perfoo8 so inlifted shall be forthwith discharged and fet at Liberty, in the Prefence of such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate 5 but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or negleet, within the Deemed iaiiiled Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay such Money as ln case, aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Affent thereto before the said Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himself or themselves, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons Certificate of is or are duly inlisted, setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and *uftice* Calling of him or them respectively (if known), and that the Second and Third Se&ions of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Seftion of the said Articles of War, and also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A& annexed, marked (A.); and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified as duly inlifted shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Juftice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Perfon9 until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Royal Marines Officers ofMi-that shall a& contrary hereto or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, fines *dling con-upon Oath made by Two Witneffes, before a General Court Mar- trary* tiai to be thereupon calied, shall, for such Offence, be forthwith caffiiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby PunUlimen:. utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty’s Service: Provided always, that every Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine who Non Coirmif-ihall inlift any Recruit, shall, at the time of such inlisting, inquire the °*?Scr# Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and ^kedown t0 either take the fame down in Writing or give the fame to the Non Namts of Men, Commiffioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party, to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily inlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Difient within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Diflent under this A6t, not-withftanding no Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magiftrate upon the Examination of such Re* cruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where such Recruit was inlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Commiffioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Juftice of the Peace; and the Difeharge.

Sam paid by such Recruit upon his Difeharge, shall be kept by the Juftice of the Peace and paid when demanded to auy Person belonging to the Recruiting Party, entitled thereto, demanding the fame : Pro- Provifo. vided always, that in every case wherein any Perlon shall have received Inliftiog Moneys and shall have abfeonded, or have abfented

himfelf

ReetMngTnlift-irg Money ab-fe. tiding, or re* filling to go before* Migif-rate, deemed inlifttd.

Apprentices taking Oath toned in Schedule (A) liable to be inapt Tontd, &c.

Matter claiming A >prentices to take Oath mentioned in Schedule (E) Ice.

himfelf from the Party at aforesaid, so that it shall not be poffibie immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Party, Shall produce to the Magistrate before whom the Recruit would regularly nave been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Person, and the Magistrate to whom the Certificate Shall be produced, shall, after Satisfying himself that the Person who had abfeonded cannot be found, and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Lords of the Admiralty or their Secretary, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deferter, the Fads of his having received Inlifting Money and having abfeonded may be ascertained before be be finally adjudged to be a Deferter as having been duly inlifted.

LX IX. Ana be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person* Shall receive the Inlifting Money from any Officer (knowing it to bo such), and Shall abfeond or refuse to go before fuen Juftice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Person having received any such Inlifting Money as aforesaid, Shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party with which he inlisted, or Person with whom he inlisted, and Snail not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person inlifting him, to go before some Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of thi* A d, within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Person Shall be deemed to be inlilted, and a Marine in His Majesty*t Service, at fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deferter, or for being absent without Leave under any Articles of War made for PuniShment of Mutiny and Defertion ; nor shall any such Person who Shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned an such Recruiting Party or Person inlifting him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration o? such Four Days as aforesaid, nnlefs it Shall be proved to the Satisfadion of such Juftice of the Peace that the true Name and Residence of the Person inlifted was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Person inlifted or left at his last usual Place of Abode of his having so inlifted.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly bound as an Apprentice Shall inlift as a Royal Marine in His Majefty’o Service, and Shall take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to thia Ad annexed marked (A), every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, Snail be and is hereby declared to be fubjett and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Corredion, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, and may be indided and puniSbed for obtaining Money under faUe Pretences, and Shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether such PerSon Shall have been lb convicted and ^uutfhed or not, be liable to serve as a Marine $ and if, on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, he Shall not-deliver himself to Some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be takes as a Deferter from His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces.

LXXI. And be it further enacted. That no Mafter Shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who Shall, after the passing of them Ad, inlift as a Royal Marine in His Majesty*6 Service, nnlefs fuck Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the Ml Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen

when

^

A.D.i8ij.

Sy GEO.HL

Ca5.

ithtm so bound, and tf in Ireland, for the fall Term of Five Yean at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and nAleft such Midler ffiall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded, or left tm Service, go before feme Juftiee of the Peace or Magidrate, ind before such Judice of the Peace or Mariftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B), and prodace the Certificate of fnch Judic* of the Peace or Magidrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Judice of the Peace or Magidrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Adi annexed iharked (C).

LXXlI. And whereat it may be expedient, in certain cases, particularly where a sufficient Number of Marine Officers cannot be Conveniently assembled, or in Matters wherein any of His Majedy'i Land Forces may be interected, that Officers of the Land Force* should be afibci&ted with the Royal Marine Officers for the Purpofe of holding Courts Martial; Be it enacted and declared, That when and as often at it shall be necessary, it diall and may be lawful for Officers of the Royal Marine and Land Forces to fit in Conjunction upon Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Marine Officer or Private Man, in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts Martial were composed of Marine Officers only; and the Officers of the Marine and Land Forces are in such cales to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commiifions in either Service.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all His Majedy's Royal Marine Foroes, as well Officers as Private Men, shall, from time to time, during their being respectively borne as Part of the Complement of any of His Majedy's Ships or VefTels, or as Supernumeraries on board the fame, be subject or liable, in like man-aer, in all rcfpests, as any Officers or Seamen employed in His Ma-jefty’s Sea Service are subject and liable to be governed, and proceeded ogatnfk, and punished, for Offences committed by them during the time they dull be borne as Part of the Complement of such Ships Of VefTels, or as Supernumeraries on board the fame, according to the Purport, Tenor, Effeft and true Intent and Meaning of an Aft of Parliament, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majedy King George the Second, intituled An AQ for amending, Captaining and reducing into One A9 of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of H'u Majejly’s Ships, VtJTcls and Forces by Sea $ this present Aft or any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted. That every Commiffion Officer, Storekeeper or Commiffary, or Deputy or Aflidant Commiffary, or other Person employed in the Commiflariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Didribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majedy's Royal Marine Foroes, or tor their Ufe, that shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ath-muokson or other Military or Royal Marine Stores, to be embezzled or fraudalentlv misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and rt (hail be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Person to be cnmfyorted tm a Felon for Life, or for any certain: Term qf Years,

L 4	or

Officers of

Marine and Land Forces fitting in Conjunction upon Courts Martial. Rank.

Marine Forces beine borne as Part of Complement of any Ship* of War, liable to Rules of 22 G. 2. C.33.

Employed in Commiftariat Department embezzling Stores tried by Courts Martial, fcc.

>5*

Penalty,

ImprffbBrnent.

f Sit.

Coniinoance of

Ait.

Afi !tered,&c.

G.25.	53°	GEO,	III.	AiD.181^

or to suffer such Punifhment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifonment, DifmifM from His Maje fly’s Service, and be incapable of Serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as any such Court fhaU think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Person fhaU forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person shall, in Addition to any other Punifhment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loft and Damage thereby fuftamed, to be ascertained by such Court Martial; which fhaU have Power to seize the Goods and Chattel! of the Person so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the Said Two hundred Pounds, and such Damage; and if Sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and Seized, then the Person so offending shall be committed to Prifon, or the Common Gaol, there to remain fin Addition to any other Punifhment or Imprifonment) for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and + until he Shall pay such Deficiency ; and after the Said Sum Shall be recovered and levied, the fame shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty Shall direct and appoint.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Ad and every thing herein contained shall be and continue in force within Great Britain, from the said Twenty fifth of March in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and Shall be and continue in force within Ireland\ from the Firfl Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Firfl Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and fhaU be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain or Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be Serving, and in the Wejl Indus and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and that this Ad to far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their Horfes, may be altered and varied by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Semoa of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Oath.

Ido make Oath, That I am by Trade a	and,	to	the	bed	of	my	Knowledge and

-Belief, was born in.the Parilh of	i;i

the County of	and	that	I	have	no	Rupture, nor

ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lamenefi or otherwise, but have the perfect Ufe of my Limbs; that I am not an Apprentice, and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty Service, or to His Majefty’s Navy or Royal

Marine!.

A+D.x8i3'	53#GEO.	HI.

Marines. As Witnefs my Hand at

C»2^j 26*

fS3

of and

Sworn before me at	this	1

Day of	One thouiand eight >

hundred and	.	j

Witnefs present.

the	Day

One thouiand eight hundred

I

do make Oath,

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Mafter*s Oath. of

That I am by Trade a	and	that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the laid Trade, by Indenture, dated the	Day	of	for

the Term of Seven Years; and that the faid

did on or about the	Day of	abfcond

and quit my Service without my Consent, and that, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, the faid	is	aged	about

Years. Witnefs my Hand, at	the

Day of	One	thouiand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at	this	1

Day of	One thouiand eight >	‘

hundred and	•	J

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Jufticc’s Certificate.

, It/ B. One of His Majefty’a Justices of the Peace of '• | 1 certify, That	of

To wit.

came before me at	on	the	Day	of

One thousand eight hundred and	and

made Oath that he was by Trade a	and	that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the (aid Trade, by Indenture dated the	Day	of

for the Term of Seven Years; and that the said Apprentice did, on or about the	Day of

abfcond and quit the Service of the faid

without his Consent, and that to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about	Years.

A* B»

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. [id April 1813.] u Treasury empowered to raise 5,000,0001. by Exchequer Bills, in 4€ manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — J 1, 2. Treasury to apply 11 Money raised. § 3. Principal of laid Bills charged on First Sup-plies of next Sernon, § 4. Intered thereon of 3 Jd. per Cent per " Diem. $5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April5, “ 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 5,000,0001. “ on Credit of Ad, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.—$ 7. •

CAP.

C.*7# at*

53'csani.

A-D.iti).

*J4

cap. xxvn.

An Ad for railing the Sum of One million five hundred thou-fand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain, for the Tear One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	[ift 1813.3

[On the like Term as under c. 26. of this

CAP. XXVIII.

jj o. 3. *.38.

*«»•

NpoM.

Yicmcict hew (upplitd.

51 0.3. c. 38.

I 4*.

An Ad to explain and amend an Aft, patted in the last Seflion of Parliament, for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.	[ift	April 1813.]

•	TT 7 HEREAS an Ad was patted in the Fifty second Year of Hia

•	\\ present Majetty, intituled An A& for amending the Laun 4 relating to the Local Militia in England: And whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the fame ttiould be explained and amended; * May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it tnafted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the said Aft as requires the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivifion Meetings, to ballot for Local Militia Men in the room of all those whose Terms of Service will expire on the Twentieth Day of November ensuing the holding such Meetings, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed ; and, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Deputy Lieutenants shall, and they tie hereby empowered and required, immediately after the Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, to proceed under the several Provifions of the Laws relating to the Local Militia, to the Ballot-

for Local Militia Men to supply all Deficiences and Vacancies which shall have arisen before the Fourteenth Day of November, and also all Deficiencies and Vacancies which will arise after such Fourteenth Day of November, and before the First Day of April in the next Year, by reafbn of any Men of the Local Militia being entitled to their Difcharge at any tame before such First Day of ApriU by the Expiration of the Terms of Service of such Men | mad tor thn Purpofc to appoint and hold Subdivifion Meetings on or as soon after the said Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, an the fame can conveniently be held, and to continue to hold such Meetings with as little Delay as pottible, until all such Vacancies and Deficiences shall be fuppfted ; and upoti the enrolling such Men, it shall bs lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and he is hereby required to discharge tne Men in whose Stead they shall be enrolied, as directed by the laid recited

Aft.

• iL Aohwfctctata OOftat* Weekly Allowance is payable to the 4 Wivsoaad Families: of Men fefving in the Local Militia, in certain

*	oafea in the faith Aft attd the (aid Afts relating to the Militia fpe-4 oifiad ; hot fctfh Allowance is not payable in any rateable Pro^ 4 portion for omf Period left than a Week 5 and it is therefore

*	rapadiant tba* the fame (houid be made payable for any fractional

♦	of * Waaii { lfe it therefore enacted, That the Allowance

made

*ss

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	UL	felt

made to the Wire* and Families of Mm farting in the Local Militia shall be payable and paid in a rateable Proportion of the frational Part of a Week, whenever the Period for which any Allowance ftiall be made under the said recited Aft, on account of the Aflembling of the Local Militia for any of the Purpofes therein mentioned mall make it requisite, in order to the giving such Allowance for the whole Period of the Men being so a (Tern bled at aforesaid.

• III. And whereat by the Provifions of the said recited Aft,

4 where tKe Number of Men raised in any County, Riding or Place,

4 it sufficient, the Local Militia thereof h to be formed into One 4 or more Regiments, confiding of not more than Twelve nor left 4 than Bight Companies; and it is expedient that Power should be 4 given to Hit Majesty to form the Local Militia of any County, 4 City or Place, into Battalions confiding of Six Companies, if 4 He thinks fitBe it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, whenever He shall think fit, to form the Local Militia of any County, City or Place, into Battalions confiding each of not less than Six Companies,

4 IV. And whereas by the said recited Aft, Power is given to A His Majesty to direct any Number of Officers, Non Commiffioned 4 Officers and Corporals, actually serving in any Regiment, Bat* 4 tali on or Corps of Local Militia, at the time of palling the said 4 Aft, to be retained for so long a time during the Continuance of 4 the present War, as Hjs Majesty should think tit; and although 4 Provifion is intended to be made in the said recited Aft, as to the 4 Pay, Emoluments and Advantages to which fueh Officers as well 4 as Non Commiffioned Officers and Corporals so retained are to be eo-4 titled, yet no sufficient Provifion is made for the Pay, Emoluments 4 and Advantages to Officers so retained Be it therefore enacted. That all such Officers so retained as aforesaid shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Officers are by Law entitled to.

V. Ahd be it further enacted, That no Drummer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, whether on permanent Pay or otherwise, shall be allowed to inlift into the Army, Navy or Mannas, or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Sobftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, unleft with the Confait in Writing of the Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, given for that Purpofe.

4 VI. And whereas in cases where the Local Militia of any County 4 shall have con fitted of Two or more Regiments, Battalions or

*	Corps, and One shall be reduced (in confecpieoce of the Reduction 4 of tne Quota of such Local Militia for such County, under the 4 said recited Aft), a Power is given to His Majesty to order that 4 any Number of Field Officers and Officers, together with the Ad-4 jutant and Quarter Matter who was (erring at the time of pa fling

*	the fai& recked Aft, might be appointed to aft in any other Regs-

*	ment> Battalion or Corps of Local Militia wkhin the said County, 4 and should succeed to Vacancies which might occur in such Regi*

*	ment. Battalion or Corps 5* Be it enacted, That all Supernumerary Adjutants and Quarter Matters, whether retained under she fad recited Provision, or » any other manner, shall succeed to any Vacancies which may occur in their mfpeftive Ranks, in any Regi-mentyJhsttalign sr€«y within the fame County* although they may

Wires rad

Families of Mb litia Men entitled to Allowance for frac-tional Parts of a Week.

S* O.3. c.38.

168.

Hb Majesty mey form Local Militia of County into Battalions of Six Companies JS 0.3. CjS, §69.

Pay to Officers retained.

Drummers not to inlift into Army,&c. without Confent.

St G. 3, c.38. St*.

Adjutants, Src. of Regiments reduced, to succeed to Vacancies oc-curing in any outer Regiment.

H G 3. c. 38. »9*-

Local M3itl» removed from England to Scotland or vice versa.

Returns not deemed irregular 00 account of Miftakes of Names*

Ixxral Militia apportioned where there are eftedive Yeomanry and Void uteert.

C.28.'	53*GEO.Lttv	A.D.1813.

have hot been before appointed as aforesaid, to aft with foch-Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

4 VII. And whereas by the laid recited Aft, a Power is given to 4 Persons enrolled in the Local Militia of England, being denrous of 4 removing from one County to another County, at any time during 4 the Period of their Service, so to do, under the Rules, Reftriftiom* 4 and Regulations therein contained, and it is reasonable that a like 4 Power should be given to remove from England to Scotland, > or 4 vice versa ;9 Be it therefore enacted. That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Private in the Local Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place, in England or Scotland respectively, shall be desirous of removing from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it shall be lawful for him to do so, upon giving such Notice and purfuiug all such Direftions, and in all rtipefta under and subject to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions -as are preformed in the said recited Aft for Persons removing from one County in England to another County in England.

:4 VIII- And whereas Miftakes oftentimes unavoidably occur in 4 the Christian Names of Persons returned as liable to serve in the 4 Local Militia, and Doubts have arisen, whether the Persons drawn 4 can in such cases be made to serve, or any Penalties can be levied 4 for Negleft of the Provifion of the said recited Aft ;* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted. That no Return or Lift or Ballot shall be deemed irregular, by reason of any Miftake in the Christian Name of the Person returned and ballot ted, and all the Penalties of the said recited Aft shall be enforced against the Person so returned and bal-lotted in like manner in every respect as if the Christian Name had been correctly returned; provided that Notice of the Person being ballotted shall have been given to the Person so ballotted according to the Provifion of the said recited Aft 2 Provided always, that every Person so returned and ballotted under any wrong Christian Name as aforesaid, shall be entitled to claim any Exemption to which he may be entitled after being so ballotted, and although the Days and Times for hearing Appeals mail have patted*

4 IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of appor?

4 tioning such Number of Men as may be ordered to be railed for 4 the Local Militia among the several Subdivifions and Parifhes of 4 each County, so far as relates to the regard to be had to the 4 Effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers then aftnally serving ;* Be it therefore declared and enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, in order to a due Apportionment thereof, the Number of Local Militia required to be raised in any County or Subdivifioo, shall be added to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry or Volunteers actually serving for such County or Subdivision, and duly returned as such in the manner required by the several Afta of Parliament relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers; and the total Number of Local Militia and Volunteers shall be apportioned over the Subdivifions and Parifhes of such County, and the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers actually serving in any Subdivifion or Parifh shall then be taken in Part of the Quota apportioned upon such Subdivifion or Parifh, so that the Number of Men to be raised by such Subdivifion or Parifh shall in no case exceed such Number as, in Addition to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers actually serving, will

amount

C.28.

*57

A.D. 1813.	530	GEO.	IH.

amount to the Quota apportioned upon such Subdivifion or Pari(h *

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to invalidate any Apportionment which may have been . made under the Proyifions of the said recited Aft, but every such Apportionment shall remain in full Force and Effest, and be acted upon as the proper Apportionment, until the Deputy Lieutenants shall fee fit to make any new Apportionment under the Provifions of this Aft.

* X. And whereas various Delays often occur in the completing *

* the Ballots for Men to serve in the Local Militia; and it, is ex-*■ pedient that Power should be given to remit Fines in such cases « where the Men have been actually enrolled before the period usually .* fixed for the Training and Exercifiog of the Local Militia Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Order Hb Majesty, ia of the Secretary of State made for that Purpose, to remit any Fine or Fines, or any Proportion of any Fine or Fines, incurred by any ^ -County, Hundred, Parifh or Place by reason of the full Number re-	.

. quired not having been enrolled within the Periods specified in the said recited Aft in respect of all Men actually enrolled before the First Day of April; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary .notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieu- Lieutenancy to tenants and Deputy Lieutenants at any General.Meeting, and they fix the Order for are hereby required to ascertain and fix by Ballot the Order in which supplying Va-the respective Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parilhes in their respective cane,€I* .Counties shall (land as to the supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies

,that may exist or arise therein by reason of the Appointment of any Person serving in the Local Militia of any such County to be a .Drummer, iq the fame manner as they may do where Vacancies arise by reason of the Appointment of Persons to be Serjeants and Corporals, and (hail in like manner, immediately after the fame shall be so ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parilhes respectively to be entered in such Order in a Lift to be prepared for that Purpose: and such Vacancies shall be supplied by fuch	-

Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parifties in the Order in which they shall have been entered in such Lift as aforesaid, and not by the Parifties for which the Men so promoted shall have ferved*

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the Fine or Penalty of Thirty Pounds for not appearing to be enrolled and sworn under ***' the said recited Aft shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, and levied before a Juftice of the Peace, in such and the like Penalties recomanner and by such and the like ways and means as any Fine or Pe- verin8 for Noo-nalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds may be sued and prosecuted aPPearance-for or levied and recovered under the Provifions of the laid recited

Aft.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 5*G. 3. c.38. ■Aft as directs the Reward for apprehending any Deferter from thp * I21*^

Local Militia to be paid out of the Contingent Fund of the Regimen*

to which the Deferter shall have belonged, and as authorizes any Justice, of the Peace to issue any Warrant for the Payment or such •Reward out of such Fund, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; repealed .and, from and after the passing of this Aft, every such Reward of Re'uar^l Twenty Shillings shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County to festers, ho*v to -the Local Militia of which such Deferter shall belong, out of any be paid.

Money

'

S*rjeaitts,&c. in Regular Forces or Militias, eligible to serve in Local Militia.

51 G.3. C.3I *36.

ft (fifing to b. mmined by Surgeon, rolled#

Money hi his Hands anfing from any County Rates 5 and such Payment ffiall be made npon the Warrant of any Juft ice of the Pence before whom any such Defertef fhaH be brought, who shall iffbe his Warrant to the Treasurer of the County for that Purpofe and as an Aathority for such Payment.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who has fenred as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, or in the Regular or Local Militia, shall be eligible to be enrolled and to serve as a Volunteer in the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place under the Provifions of the said recited Aa, although such Person may not be of the fame County, Riding or Place, or of any adjoining Parifli or Place as required by the said Aft in relation to Volunteers 5 any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary not with Handing : Provided always, that no such Serjeant or Corporal shall be more than Forty five Years of Age, or have more than Four Children under Fourteen Years of Age: Provided also, that no such Drummer shall be rejected in consequence of being under Eighteen Years of Age or under the Height of Five Feet Two Inches s Provided also, that no such Seneant, Corporal or Drummer shall be eligible as aforesaid, unless he (nail produce to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he is to be enrolled as such Volunteer as aforesaid, a Certificate from the Commandant of some Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia belonging to the County for which such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer is to be enrolled as a Volunteer, Hating that such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer is qualified for the Situation in which ne shall have so served as aforesaid, and that it is his Intention to appoint him when enrolled to be a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, as tne case may be, to the Regiment, Bat- , talion or Corps under his Command, for the Purpofe of aiding and afiiHing in the Training and Exercife thereof.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person baflotted to serve in the Local Militia, shall refuse to be examined by a Surgeon at directed by the said recited Aft, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Subdivifion Meeting, or any Deputy Lieutenant and One JuHice of the Peace so assembled, and they are hereby required to cause such Person to be enrolled as a Local Militia Man for the Patifli or Place for which he was so ballotted to serve; any thing contained in any Aft of Parliament to the contrary OOtwithftanding.

st

SJ*

CAP. XXIX.

An A& to explain and amend an Adi, passed in the lait Session of Parliament, intituled An Aft for amending the Law relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.	[id April 1813.]

*	XT rHEREAS an Aft was passed in tht Fifty second Year of 4 W His present Majesty, intituled An Ad Jhr amending Mr

*	Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland: And wheieas it k < expedient that the fame should be explained tad amended ;* May k therefore please Your MajeHy that it may be eoacted; and be k enacted hy the King’s Mbft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andConfentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commooa, In thisptefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of' the fame, TTiat so much of the find Aft as requires the Dcputy Lieutenants

AJD*iti3*

53® OIO. m.

C.2p*

l59

vmu at their Subdtofion Meetings to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the room of all those whole Term* of Service will expire on the Twentieth Day of November ew filing the holding fueh Meetings, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Deputy Lieutenants shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, immediately after the Fourteenth Dajr of No-vember in each Year, to proceed, under the several Provifions of the Laws relating to the Local Militia, to the ballotting for Local Militia Men to supply all Deficiencies and Vacancies which fha.ll have arisen before the Fourteenth Day of November, and also all Deficiencies and Vacancies which will arise after such Fourteenth Day of November and before the First Day of dpril in the next Year, by reason of any Men of the Local Militia being entitled to their Dit-ebarge at any time before such First Day of April* by the Expiration of the Terms of Service of such Men ; and for that Purpose, to appoint and hold Subdivifion Meetings, on or as soon after the said Fourteenth Day of November in each Year as the fame can conveniently be held, and to continue to hold such Meetings with as little Delay as possible, until all such Vacancies and Deficiences shall be supplied; and upon the enrolling such Men, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and he is hereby requited to discharge the Men in whose Stead they (hail be enrolied, as directed by the said recited Ad.

4 II. And whereas a certain Weekly Allowance is payable to the

•	Wives or Families of Men serving in the Local Militia, in certain 4 cases in the said Ad and the other Acts relating to the Militia fpe-

•	cified; but such Allowance is not payable in any rateable Propor-

•	tion, for any Period less than one Week ; and it is thererore

•	expedient that the fame should be made payable for any fradional

•	Part of a WeekBe it therefore enacted, That the Allowance made to the Wives and Families of Men serving in the Local Militia shall be payable and paid in a rateable Proportion for the fradional Part of a Week, whenever the Period for which any Allowance shall be made under the said recited Ad, on account of the assembling of the Local Militia for any of the Purpofes therein mentioned, mall make it requisite, in order to the giving such Allowance for the whole Period of the Men being so assembled as aforesaid.

* III. And whereas by the Provifions of the said recited Ad,

•	where the Number of Men raised in any County, Stewartry or « Place is sufficient, the Local Militia thereof is to be formed into

•	One or more Regiments, consisting of not more than Twelve nor

•	lefs than Eight Companies ; and it is expedient that Power should 4 be given to His Majesty to form the Local Militia of any County, 4 Stewartry or Place, into Battalions, consisting of Six Companies, if 4 He thinks fitBe it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, whenever He shall think fit, to form the. Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, into Battalions, confifb-ing each of not less than Six Companies.

‘ IV. And whereas by the said recited Ad, Power is given to 4 His Majesty to direct any Number of Officers, Non Cbmmiffloned 4 Officers and Corporals, actually fervmg in any Regiment; Battalion

•	or Corps of Local Militia at the time of palling the said Ad, to be

•	retained for so long a time d tiring the Continuance of the prefent

•	War, as His Majesty should think fit^ and although Ph>vi{ion fa

• intended

repealed.

Vaaocws 1 plied.

5* G. 3. c. 6L §4a

Wives and Families of Militia Men entitled ti Allowance for Fftftional Part of a Week.

51 O.3. c.6*. §6&

His Majesty empowered tW forra Loeal Militia of any County into Battalions, ms-fifting of Six Companies each. $% G. 3. c. 68.

$67.

i So

■Ci).

J3® GEO. HI.

AJ3.1813.

Pay and Emoluments to Officers r tained under the A&.

•rummers rolift-ing in the Army, Sc c. without Cenfent.

5aG. 3* c» 68*

S69.

Adjutant, Ice. of Regiments reduced, to succeed to Vacancies which occur in otljer Regiment n County.

S% G. 3. c. 68.

$ 90-

Men may re-more from a County in Scotland to one in England, and vicevcrfa.

4 intended to be made in the said recited A&, as to the Pay, Emolu-

*	men and Advantages to which such Officers, as well as Non Com-

*	miifioned Officers, and Corporals so retained are to be entitled, yet 4, no sufficient Provifion is made for the Pay, Emoluments and Ad-.' vantages to Officers so retained Be it therefore enacted, That all such Officers so retained as aforesaid shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Officers are by Law entitled to.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Drummer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, whether on permanent Pay or otherwise, shall be allowed to inlift into the Army, Navy or Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, unless with the Confent in Writing of the Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, given for that Purpofe.

4 VI. And whereas in cases where the Local Militia of any County € or Stewartry shall have confided of Two or more Regiments, Bat-

*	talion or Corps,1 and One shall be reduced fin consequence of the .* Redu&ion of the Quota of such Local Militia for such County 4 or Stewartry under the said recited A&), a Power is given to His 4 Majesty to order that any Number of Field Officers and Officers, 4 together with the Adjutant and Quarter Matter, who were serving 4 at the time of passing the said recited A&, might he appointed to 4 a& in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia 4 with the said County or Stewartry, and should succeed to Va-4 cancies which might occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps Be it enacted, That all supernumerary Adjutants and Quarter Matters, whether retained under the said recited Provision, or hi any other manner, shall succeed to any Vacancies which may occur in their refpc&ive Ranks, in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps within the fame County or Stewartry, although they may not have been before appointed as aforesaid to a& with such Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

4 VII. And whereas by the said recited A&, a Power is given to 4 Persons inrolled in the Local Militia of Scotland, being delirous of

*	removing from One County or Stewartry to another County or 4 Stewartry, at any time during the Period of their Service, so to 4 do, under the Rules, Reftri&ions and Regulations therein con-4 tained; and it is reasonable that a like Power should be given to 4 remove from Scotland to England, or vice versa ;* Be it therefore enacted, That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Private in the Local Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place, in England or Scotland respectively, shall be delirous of removing from Scotland to England, or from England to Scotland, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it shall be lawful for him to do so, upon giving such Notice, and pursuing all Directions, and in all respects under and subject to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, as are prescribed in the said recited A&, for Persons removing from one County or Stewartry in Scotland to another County or Stewartry in Scotland.

4 VIII. And whereas Miftakes oftentimes unavoidably occur in 9 the Christian Names of Persons returned as liable to serve in the 4 Local Militia, and Doubts have arisen whether the Persons drawn f can in such cases be made to serve, or any Penalties can be levied 4	for

AD.1813*	£3cGE0.IIL	C.	29.	t6i

4 for the Negleft of the Provifion of the said recited Aft 5* For

Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That no Return or Lift or Ballot Returns not

shall be deemed irregular by reason of any Miftake in the Christian deemed irreguU?

Name of the Ferfon returned and ballotted, and all the Penalties

of the said recited Aft shall be enforced against the Person so Nirots.

returned and ballotted in like manner in every respect as if the

Christian Name had been correctly returned ; provided that Notice

of the Person being ballotted shall have been given to the Perfon

so ballotted according to the Provifion of the said recited Aft :

Provided always, that every Person so returned and ballotted under any wrong Christian Name as aforesaid shall be entitled to claim any Exemption to which he may be entitled after being so ballotted, and although the Days and Times of hearing Appeals shall have pa(Ted.

4 IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of appor-4 tioning such Number of Men as may be ordered to be raised for 4 the Local Militia among the several Wards and Parifhes of each 4 County, Stewartry or Place, so far as relates to the Effeftivc Yeo-4 manry and Volunteers then actually fervingBe it therefore declared and enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, in Apportioning order to a due Apportionment thereof, the Number of Local Militia thenar* required to be raised in any County, Stewartry, Ward or other Divi-fion, shall be added to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry or Volun- manry and Vo-teers actually serving for such County, Stewartry, Ward or other luotaers. Division, and duly returned as such in the manner required by the several Afts of Parliament relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers, and the total Number of Local Militia and Volunteers shall be apportioned over the Wards or other Divifions and Pari(he9 of such County or Stewartry, and the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers aftunlly serving in any Ward, Divifion or Parifh, shall then be taken in Part of the Quota apportioned upon such Ward, Divifion or Parifh, so that the Number of Men to be raised by such Ward, Divifion or Parilh, shall in no case exceed such Number as, in Addition to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers actually serving, will amount to the Quota apportioned upon such Ward, Divifion or Parifn:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or Provifo. conft’rued to invalidate any Apportionment which may have been made under the Provifions of the said recited Aft 5 but every such Apportionment shall remain in full Force and Effest, and be acted upon as the proper Apportionment until the Deputy Lieutenants shall fee fit to make any new Apportionment under the Provifions of this Aft.

* X. And whereas various Delays often occur in the completing

*	the Ballots for Men to serve in the Local Militia, and it is ex.

4 pedient that Power should be given to remit Fines in such cases 4 where the Men have been actually enrolled before the Period ufually

•	fixed for the Training and Exercife of the Local Militia ;9 Be it

therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for Kis Majesty, by order His Majesty, In of the Secretary of State made for that Purpose, to remit any Fine certain cases may or Fines or any Proportion of any Fine or Fines incurred by any Iwail County, Stewartry, Parilh or Place, by reason of the full Number required not having been enrolled within the Periods specified in the said recited Aft, m respect of all Men actually enrolled before the First Day of April; any thing in the (aid recited Aft to the contrary apt with (landing.

53Gso.ni.	M	XL	And

Lieutenancy to fix the Order for fu( plying Vacancies.

51 O.3. c.68.

§4*.

How Penalty fhallbe recovered for Non. appearance.

Serjeants, &c in Regular Forces or Militias, eligible to serve in any Local Militia.

5a O.3. c. 68.

* *4.

Lieutenants Chief Command of Local Militia.

XI.	And be it Author eps&cd, That it shall bo lawful for tbr Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and nx by Ballot the Order in which the respective Subdivifions and Pariflie* in their respective Counties, Stewartries and Places shall Hand, as to the supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies that may exist or arise therein by reafbn of the Appointment of any Pcr{bn Serving in the Local Militia of any such County, Stewartry or Place to be a Drummer, in the fame manner as they may do where Vacancies arise by reason of the Appointment of Persons to be Serjeants and Corporals, and shall in like manner, immediately after the fame shall be so ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivifions and Parifhes respectively to be entered in fnch Order in a Lift to be prepared for that PurpoSr ; and such Vacancies shall be supplied by such Subdivifions and Pariihes, in the Order in which they shall have been entered in such Lifts as afore Said, and not by the Pariihes for which the Men so promoted shall have Served.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Fine or Penalty of Thirty Pounds for not appearing to be enrolled and sworn under the fgid recited Ad, shall and may be sued for, proSecuted and recovered and levied before a Juftice of the Peace, in such and the like manner, and by such and the like ways and means as any Fine or Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds may be sued and prosecuted for, or levied and recovered under the Provifions of the (aid recited Ad.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who has served as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, or in the Regular or Local Militia, shall be eligible to be enrolied, and to Serve as a Volunteer in the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, although such Person may not be of the fame County, Stew* artry or Place, or of any adjoining Pariih or Place, as required by the said Ad, in relation to Volunteers ; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no such Serjeant or Corporal shall be more than Forty five Years of Age, or nave more than Four Children under Fourteen Years of Age s Provided also, that no such Drummer shall be rejected iu consequence of being under Eighteen Years of Age, or under the Height of Five Feet Two Inches: Provided tub, that no such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be eligible as aforesaid, unless he shall produce to the Deputy Lieutenants, before whom he is to he enrolled as such Volunteer as aforesaid, a Certificate from the Commandant of some Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia belonging to the County, Stewartry or Place for which such Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer is to be enrolled as a Volunteer, dating that such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer is qualified for the Situation in which he shall have so served as aforesaid, and that it is his Intention to appoint him when enrolled to be a Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer, as the case may be, to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps under his Command, for the Purpofe of aiding and afiifttng in the Training and Exercife thereof*

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry or Place, shall have the Chief Command of the x Local Militia, witnin the County, Stewartry or Place to which he » ' appointed*

10	XV.	And

AJX1813.	j38GI0.IIl	C.39.

XV. And be k further enacted, That where the Local Militia of Two or more Counties or Stewart rks shall be joined together in order to form a Battalion, which shall he entitled only to one Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, and one Major, m entry such case the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place ftimifhmg the greeted Number of Private Men, and the Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place furnishing the next

St eft Number, provided such Nuinber shall be sufficient to form a ipany.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Defcriptions of Qualifications of Officers to be appointed in the Local Militia, which by the said recited Ad are diroded to be delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place for which they are to be appointed, shall no longer be delivered in to such Clerk of the Peace, but shall, from and after the passing of this Ad, be delivered in to the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry or Place, or fin the Abfence of the Clerk of Supply) to his Deputy 5 and such Clerk of Supply, or his Deputy, shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, a Copy of such Deicription, and shall enter the Qualifications transmitted to him upon a Roll to be provided for that Purpose; and shall cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Date9 of the Commissions, and the Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose room they are appointed$ and shall transmit to His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State, a Certificate in the Forin in Schedule (A.) annexed to the said recited Ad, that the Qualifications have been so left with him; all which things shall be done by the Clerk of Supply in the manner m which the Clerk of the Peace is directed to do the fame by the said recited Ad, and the Clerk of Supply shall be subject to the fame Penalties in case of Nonperformance.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Places, and they and each of them are and is respectively hereby required to quarter and biUet the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men serving in the Local Militia, at the times when they shall be called out to annual Exercife, in the fame way and manner as His Majesty** Regular Forces are so furnished and provided in Scotland, upon Application made to any such Jnftices of the Peace or Magistrates by His Ma'iefty’s Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia so called out to Exercife as aforesaid, or of any Divifion or Detachment thereof; and when the Local Militia is not embodied nor called out to Exercife as aforesaid, all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates aforesaid may, and they and each of them are and is hereby respectively required, to order and provide convenient Quarters in such manner as aforesaid for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia on permanent Pay.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, if the Magistrates and Council of any Royal Burgh shall provide and produce to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry or Place, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivifion Meeting for choosing the Local Militia by Bailot, any Volunteer or

M 2	Volunteers

163

Appointment of Officers in certain cases.

5* G.3. c.68.

Qualification of Officers Cent to Clerk of Supply*

Local Mttki* billetted at Regular Forces.

Magistrates and To*m Council of Royal Burghs to prov de Volunteers.

M riftrite* m»y

•fTci's for Bounties given to such Volunteer*.

49 G. 3. c. 90.

51 G.3. c.68.

5 34-

in p.rt repealed.

AfTelTmcntt for Bounties given to Volunteers by Heritors how made.

49G.3.C.90.

Qualificatfone of Officers for Glasgow*

Refufing to be •x^mbedbvSur* geon enrolled.

C. 29.	53*	GEO.	HI.	A.D. 1813.

Volunteers being of the Cune County, Stewartry or Place, or of.(bmt adjoining Pari(h or Place, who shall be examined and approved in the manner directed by the (aid recited Ad, such Volunteer or Vo* lunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there fwora in and enrolied, to serve for fucn Term, and on the fame Conditions as is by the said Ad provided in case of Persons chosen by Bailot; and the said Deputy Lieutenant shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for such Royal Burgh, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Royal Burgh.

XIX.	And be it further enadcd. That the Magistrates and Council of any such Royal Burgh shall and they are hereby autho* rized to levy from the Heritors, Burgefles and Inhabitants of any such Royal Bur^h, an Afleffment not exceeding at the Rate of Two Pounds Two Shillings for each Volunteer, which such Provoft, Magistrates and Council may agree to give to such Volunteers, in the manner in which the Magistrates of the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow are enabled to levy their Proportion of any Affeflinent made under an Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into aQual Service•

XX.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Ad, intituled An A3 for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland, as enables the Heritors of any Parifh to aftefs Sums equal to such Bounties as they shall agree to give to any Volunteer or Volunteers to serve in the Local Militia, upon the Heritors within such Parifti in Proportion to the valued Rent of every Heritor within the Paristi, and also so much of the said recited Ad as directs One Half of every such Sum so assessed, to be paid by the Tenant or Tenants of the Land upon which the fame (hail be assessed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that instead thereof, all Afleflments for railing any Sums agreed to be given by the Heritors of any Parifti to any Volunteer or Volunteers, to serve in the Local Militia pursuant to the said recited Ad, shall and may be made and levied in the manner directed by the said last recited Ad, intituled An A8 for providing Relief for the Wives and FamUies of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into a8ual Service : Provided always, that if any Afleflinent shall have already been made or levied under the Authority of so much of the said first recited A€t as is hereby repealed, an Afleflinent shall nevertheless be made and levied in the manner hereby directed, and all Parties shall be put in the fame Situation as if no AffefTment had been made under the (aid first recited Ad.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Glafgowf shall poifefs the fame Qualifications as is required under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, of all Persons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person ballot ted to serve in the Local Militia shall refuse to be examined by a Surgeon, as directed by the said recited Ad, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Subdivifion Meeting, or any Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace so assembled, and they are hereby required to cause such Person to be enrolled as a

16	Local

A.IX1813.	33*G®0.in.	C.	29,30,31.

Local Militia Man for the Parilh or Place for which he was so bah-lotted to serve; any thing contained in any A ft of Parliament to tht •ontrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Aft to allow a Bounty on the Exportation of the Manu* faftures of Refufe or Wade Silk.	[ift April 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient, for the further Encouragement

*	W of the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain that the Bounty

*	now allowed by Law on the Manufactures of Raw or Thrown Silk

*	fhould be extended to the Manufactures of Wafte Silk or Refufe

*	Silk, provided the Goods at the Port of Exportation are of the

*	Value mentioned in this Aft ? Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Bounty onEx-and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and portation of Ar-thirteen, the Bounty which is by Law payable upon the Exportation ticle* manufrc-from Great Britain of Articles manufactured from Raw or Thrown

Silk, /hail be allowed and paid on the like Defcription of Articles 53	*

manufactured either in the Whole or in Part from Silk called or known by the Denomination|of Refufe Silk or IVa/le Silk ; and such Bounty shall be paid and allowed in the fame manner, and subject to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are directed and provided by the Laws in force with respect to any other Bounty on Manufactures of Silk exported from Great Britain, so far as the fame are applicable and are not hereby altered : Provided always, that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed on any Manufactures of Silk whatever, unless the Value of the Goods at tne Port of Exportation is at least four Times the Amount of the Bounty claimed thereon.

CAP. XXXI.

An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.	[ift	April	1813.3

‘	HERE	AS an Aft passed in the Forty third Year of His 43 O.3. c.n.

*	W present Majesty, intituled An Aft for discontinuing certain 4 Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great

*	Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu 4 thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred

4 and four : And whereas an Aft palTed in the Forty fifth Year 45 G. 3 c. 93.

4 of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to amend Two ABs passed 4 in the Forty third and Forty fifth Tears of His present Majesty for 4 regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar 4 from Great Britain : And whereas Three other ACta passed in the 4 Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of His present 4 Majesty, for further continuing the laid Aft of the Forty third O- c. 10.

M3	‘	Year	470.3.

*	C.	20.

4$ 0.3* c. 16. 49 O.3. c, 11*

49 O.3. c.98.

50	G.3. c.18.

51	G.3. c.13.

52	G.3. c.15.

Dnwback* in Schedules of

49 0.3. c.98.

and Bounties in Schedule to

4^ O.3.C.93.

allowed.

Exception.

When Drawbacks allowed,

&c.

32 0.3 c. 43.

49 0*3« c.98. 450.3. c.93.

n •• •

*	Year of His present Majesty: And whereas soother Aft piaffed in

*	the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for 4 further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One than]and 4 eight hundred and tent certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Ex-

*	portation of Sugar from Great Britain ; andfor suspending the Coun-4 Urvaittng Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by 4 an AS of the Forty Jixth Tear of His present Majcfy shall be fuf-4 pended: And whereas an Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 several Duties of Cufoms chargeable in Great Britain, ana for grant-4 irtg other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by Three other Afts 4 passed in the Fiftieth, Fifty first and Fifty second Years of His 4 present Majesty, the Drawbacks allowed by the said recited Aft

*	paffed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, ana the Bounties allowed

*	by the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty were further continued ; and it is expedient that the

*	faid Drawbacks and Bounties so continued by the said Afts of the 4 Fiftieth, Fifty first and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty,

‘ should be further continued j’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said last recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, and fobject, to and under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft), as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before the pafling of this Aft.

II. And be it further eqafted. That if it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette published on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednefday in May> the First Wednefday in September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or the First Wednefday in January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, that the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Aft made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar ; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Illands in Foreign Ships, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednefday immediately preceding such Saturday aforesaid, (hail not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exdufive of the Duties of Cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited Afts passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette maU have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any cither Average shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any other of such Saturdays as before mentioned; and fach Drawback or Bounty fiiall be paid

or

A.D.i8i3*	53*	GEO. III.	C3t.

m allowed in like manner in every refoed, and subject and under and according to the like Rules ana Regulations, Reftridions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the said fir ft recited A 61 (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the laid recited Ads of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid).

4 III. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 30.98.

4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for repealing 4 the several Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Lord High Treasurer, or § 8.

4 the Lords Comraiffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three 4 or more of them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the 4 additional Duties of Cuftoms on Sugar, granted by the said last 4 recked Ad, either m the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average 4 Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Ad, and 4 by another Ad patted in the Forty ninth Year of His present 490*3. c. 4J»

4 Majesty, intituled An AB for regulating the Mode in which tbf 4 Average Price of Brown or Mufcovaao Sugar, exclusive of the 4 Duty thereon, is to be ascertained wider the rrovifions of an A$

4 Pwd ln tb* Forty fxth Tear of His present Mmefii, shall be below 4 the Prices mentioned iu the said first recited Ad of the Forty ninth 4 Year aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient, that during the 4 Period of such Sufpension, the Countervailing Duties on Refined 4 Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equiva-4 lent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined 4 Sugar of the Manufadure of Great Britain, and also the additional 4 Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain 4 other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last.recited 4 Ad, should in like manner be suspended ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Whso Tcedurj Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, fhaU ^fp«nd Payment exercise the Power veiled in them, and shall, according to the pj Su*ar Diredions of the said Ad, suspend the Payment of the whole or ^ q ** 9gt part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for they dull *lib them, and they are hereby authorized and required, in like manner suspend Coun-and for the like Period to suspend either the whole of the additional	I)tt"

Countervailing Duties of Cuftoms on Refined Sugar of the Manu»> ue,> facture of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufadure of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the laid last recited Ad, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so fufpenaed.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the said recited Ad of the ft c*,x* Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Pro- ** vilions. Authorities, Regulations, Clautes, Matters and Things in the said Ad contained, except as the fame are varied or altered by this Ad, shall be and the fame are hereby further continued from the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and shall be, and remain in full force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Port of London* and from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun-dred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

M 4.	thoufand

CjOO^Ic

l68

47 G. 3. fefl*. x.

C. 22.

§!• §8. f if.

486.3. c.x.

ar&j.feflr. x. C. 22. § t. 3.

So much of

47 G. 3. fcfT. x. e. 11. as rtlates to Bounties on Raw Sugars, ice. continued.

Bounty on Raw Sugar governed Sy Average Prices of Biown Sugar puhlifhed in London GiMtti.

C.31.	53* GEO. HI.

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for other Parti of Croat Britain•

1 V. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Forty seventh Year of

*	His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to allow for Two Tears* * 4 from and after the faffing of th'u A3, an additional Bounty on Double

4 Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar 4 to such as shall be founded, crajhed or broken ; and to allow for 4 One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar eso-4 ported\ a certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of 4 Double Refined Sugar, and also a Bounty was allowed upon the 4 Exportation of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted, that so much of

*	the said recited Adi as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon

*	Double Refined Sugar, Ihould continue in force for Two Year*

( from the palling of the said Adi, and so much thereof as related^ to

*	the allowing of a Bounty upon Raw Sugar, Ihould continue in force

*	for One Year from the paifing of that Adi: And whereas by

*	another Adi palled in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty,

*	intituled An A3 to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an A3 of 4 the Forty seventh Tear of His present MajeJly, as allows certain 4 Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar extorted, so much of the 4 said firll recited Ad as related to the laid Bounties upon Raw 4 Sugars was further continued with certain Alterations until the

*	Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 nine: And whereas so much of the said recited Adi of the Forty

*	feventh Year aforesaid, as relates to. the Bounties upon Raw 4 Sugar, as altered and continued by the said lad recited Ad, and 4 also the said lad recited Ad altering and continuing the fanoet

*	have been by subsequent Ads continued until the Twenty fifth

*	Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen: And

*	whereas so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year 4 aforesaid as relates to an additional Bounty on Double Refined 4 Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar 4 to such as lhali be pounded, crafhed or broken, was by an Ad

*	of the Fifty firll (<z) Year of His present Majesty continued until

*	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

*	thirteen, and it is expedient that the said Bounties Ihould be

*	further continued Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Ads, as likewise so much of the said Ad of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as relates to the Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as lhali be pounded, cralhed or broken, lhali be further continued, frpm the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, uutil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

(a) [52G-3.r. 15. $ 5.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of Briti/h Plantation Raw Sugar by the said last recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lhali be governed by the Average

Price*

L.

A.D.*6i3'	53*GB0.IIL	C.	31,32,33.	r<Jp

Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, computed end pubiifhed in

the Lon Jon Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times, and in the manner hereinbefore directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft maybe altered, Aanwybe amended or repealed by any A6t to be passed in this present Sefiioo •kersdl&* of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.	[ift April 1813.]

*	TI r HE RE AS the Aft hereinafter mentioned has by Experience

*	W been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the

*	fame should be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern*, poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by

the Authority of the fame. That an Aft made in the Forty seventh 47 0.3. StC 1. Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide c. 19. farther more effeSually for regulating the Drawbats and Bounties on the «*ntinu«d. Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing Britifb Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which, by an Aft made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth $»G.	•

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the (aid Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, except only so much of the said recited Aft of the Exception-Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as* relates to the allowing Britifb Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and which under the Pro-yifions of an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present 49. G 3. c.3* Majefly’s Reign for continuing the said Aft of the Forty leventh Year is directed to be warehoused under the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty'eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for 480.3.0.3* permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or lecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being fird paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Aft, and the Aft hereby Aft repealed continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by‘any Aft to be &c. palled in this Sefiiou of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Aft for granting certain additional Duties of Cuftoms imported into and exported from Great Britain.

[15th April 1813.

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	YT7E, Your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjests, theCom-1 W moQs of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 1 in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necefiary Supplies to

*	defray the Expences of the iud and necefiary War in which Your

*	Majedy is engaged, have freely and voluntarily refolded to give

« and

(^.

*?•

C.33*

530 GEO. IIL

AJ).i8t3.

/ ditionil Dudes on Goods imported and exported.

Goods for which Duties have not been paid (ex-

Goods ware* he tiled (except imported by E.LC.) liable.

4 auid gnat to Your Majesty the farerai new and additional Duties here-4 inifter mentioned ;f and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by tne King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, there shall be raised, levied, col-leded and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, the several new and additional Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are refpetiively inserted, described and (et forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.).

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective new and additional Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad granted, on Goods, !m	rted	Wares a°d Merchandize, shall be charged and payable on all Goods,

by^rS^liabls	Wares and Merchandize (other than and except such as shall have

though imported been or shall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of befar* Aft. England trading to the Eajt Indies ), which shall not have been entered, and on which the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon on or before the passing of this Ad shall not have been paid or iecured by Bond, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the palling oi this Ad.

IIL Provided always, and be k further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad on Goods, Wares and Merchandize (other than and except such as shall have been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies), shall be charged on all Goods, Warns and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, which shall have been warehoused and shall remain at the palling of this Ad in Warehoufes nader His Majefty’s Locks, in pursuance or by the Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or other fpectal Authority in force, on or immediately before the palling or this Ad, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the passing of this Ad; Provided always, that such Duties shall not be payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, unless ana until any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad upon Goods, Wares and tit Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants of 2? foid’at ,ne*, En&!an(l trading to the East Indies, shall be due and payable upon public Sales.	Goods,	Wares	and	Merchandize (Tea, Wines, Sugar,

Raw Silk and Cotton Wool excepted), as shall, from and after the passing of this Ad, be fold at the public Sales of the said Company, and shall be paid or secured in such manner and at such times, and subject to such Rules, Regulations and Reftridions as are prescribed and directed with respect to the Payment of any former Duties of Cuftoms upon such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively: Provided alio, that the bud new and additional Duties of Cuftoms

(hall

Duties paid on Goods imported by E. I. C. (ex-

AJD.il'tjk

53* GEO. III.

C.33.

«7«

Hull be die and payable on all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the laid United Company which Audi remain in the WarehouCes of the said Company at the passing of this Ad, and which shall not have been {old at the public Sales of the said Company, notwithftandiag such Goods, Wares and Merchandize vna^r haze been imported into Great Britain before the passing of this

V,	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Whole Duties Bonded, or any Part of the Duties of Cnftoms due on the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, are permitted to be Secured by Bond by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force at the time of such Importation or Exportation, the new aad additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad may in like manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions, be permitted to be Secured by Bond.

{Duties in what case not payable on Landing, c. 105. § 2. post.~\ vl. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Pdd ims new and additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad (the Excheqestb necefiary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted)

shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the -faid Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies anting from the (aid respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered

S>arate and apart from all other Monies due and payable to His ajefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon any Account whatever.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies anting by AppKcstion of the new and additional Duties of Cuftoms imposed by this Ad (the Dude* necefiary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted)

shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer; and such of the said Duties as are particulaiiy described and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), under the Title and Description of u Permanent Duties,0 shall be carried to and made Pfert of the Consolidated Fond of Great Britain, and shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpofe of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Ad passed or to be palled in the present Semon of Parlia-ment, for appropriating certain Monies to the Sinking Fund of Great Britain ; and such of the (aid Duties as are particularly described end let forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked

iA.) and (B.), under the Title and Defcription of u Temporary or Var Duties,” shall be issued and applied to such Services as may have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the 1 Service of the Year One thoutimd eight hundred and thirteen, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of the fame or any fubSequent Year; and the Comraiffioners of His Majesty*s Trealury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the name accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Ad of Partiameut Formst AA* in force on or immediately before the passing of this Ad, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Reftridious were made,

eftablifhed

C- 3>

GEO. m.

A»Di 181 j»

When Wtf DutistOutt

eftabh(hed or directed for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for the better securing the Revenue of Coftoms, or for the regular (hipping of any Goods, Wares or Mer* chandize whatever, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effe&, and shall be applied to the Subied of this Ad, and for carrying the fame into Execution as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and which are particularly described and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed marked (A.) and (B.)t under the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Dudes levied as X. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties refpec-former Duties of tively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Tables ^ ^	'hereunto	annexed marked (A.) and (B.), as the new and additional

Duties of Cuftoms, may and shall respectively be ascertained, managed, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways or methods as former Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general; and also by any such special means, ways or methods respectively, as former Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the fame Sorts or Kinds were or might be ascertained, managed, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon Duties of Cuftoms are by this Aft charged upon the Importation thereof into, or the Exportation hereof from Great Britain, shall be and the fame are hereby made fubied and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions, Seizures and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures Tefpedively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force, on or immediately before tne passing of this Ad, refoe&ing the Revenue of Cuftoms, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Ad, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or tor the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, Provifions and Diredions contained in any such Ad or Ads shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied> pradifcd and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the (aid Ads, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Ad, and made Part thereof.

XI* And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Suit (haB be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Ad, such Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed,

Lhnitatioa ef

AJXi8i3*	j3#GEO.IIL	173.

mitted, and not afterward*, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such A&ion or Suit may plead the Otaerallflfc* General I flue, and give this A& and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such A&ion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their A&ion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared. Titbit Cefe or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mail have Treble CofU, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in any other cases to recover Cofta by Law.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That such of the new and addi- IMesiiiiddP tional Duties of Cuftoms as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain Commiffiooew called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners °* Cufton** of Cuftoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as (hall

arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall WarDutk* be lawful for His Majesty, at any time when Parliament shall not be suspended. fitting, by His Order in Council to suspend the Operation of this

A& as to any Duties or any Proportion or Part of any Duties granted by this A& under the Title or Defcription of Temporary or War Duties, for such Time as His Majesty mall think fit.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That this A&, or any of the A & repeals*, Provifions thereof, may be altered, amended or repealed by any A& *c.

or Ads to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described.

Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Wine and Silk excepted) being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Person or Persons exercising the Power of Sovereignty iu France, for every Hundred'Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Wine, Raw Silk, Sugar, Tea and Cotton Wool excepted) not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ui France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under

Permanent	Temporary or

Duty.	War Duty. .

£ t.	£ t.d.

m m	66 13 4

th#

*74

53* GEO. la

TABLE ( A.) —

AJX1813

C*33-

	Permanent	Temporary or

	Duty.	War Duty.

the Dominion of the Person or Pfcrfons	£ /. J.	6 t. d.

exercifmg the Power of Sovereignty in France, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon (0)	O  0  **	

Silk (except Raw Silk) being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Person or Persons excrciling the Power of Sovereignty in France, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon	0  0  N	

(a; \Barilla Imported, additional Duty repealed, c. 105. f 6* pofi. Deals and Fir Timber, imported, and used in Mines in Cornwalland Droony Drawback, c. 105. § 7.	Iron,	imported,t in what

ea/e not liable to this additional Duty, c. 105. $ 3.	Pearls

imported, additional Duty repealed, oji</ on valorem Duty im pofedy c* 105. § 5./^*]

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described.

	Temporary or

Hides, Foreign, of all Sorts, in the Hair, not tanned,	War Duty. « t. d.

tawed, curried, or in any way dracted, exported to  France, or any Country or Place, or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Person or Persons exercising the Power of Sovereignty in France (a) - -	094

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce or Manufa6ture of Great Britain, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon -	0  0  O  «/>

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon - -	50 0 0

■'v

i[Ds/jr onJIides charged on the Hundred Weighty c. 105. § rawhack of 9/. l\d. for every Hundred Weight of Carrot Tobacco exported\ c. 105. § 4. /><?/?.]

CAP.

AJD.iStg.

53° GKX HI*

C»J4*

x75

CAP. XXXIV.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Tobacco and Snuff, and on FrenchWiries.

[15th Jpril 1813.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 XT7E Your Majefty’s moll dutiful And loyal Subjests, the 4 VV Couunons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary 4 Supplies to defray Your Majefty’s Public Expences, and making a 4 Permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have free1 '

4 voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the 4 additional Rates and Duties of Excife herein refpcfttvely men*

4 tioned ;* and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That there shall be raised, levied. Additional

collected and paid, throughout Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of Static*.

His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon the several Goods,

Wares, Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) respectively hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excife as they are respectively inserted, described and let forth in the laid Schedules; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any additional Duty of Excife is f by this Aft imposed shall f MU. have been paid, the several Drawbacks of Excife as the fame are also respectively inserted, described and fet forth in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed ; and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Aft or Aft# of Parliament in force, at and immeaiately before the paffinj; of this Aft, and the fame refpec-tively shall commence and^take Effeft from the respective Day or Dave mentioned in the (aid Schedule, in cases where any special Date or Dates is or are in(ierted therein, and in cases where mo Date is inserted, from and after the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further eoafted. That such of the Duties of Excife Durfet under by this Aft imposed, aa shall arise in that Part of Great Britain Commiffi«icr called England, mall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Exafe* of Excife in England for the time being ; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time facing.

m. Provided always, and be it further eoacted, That the new charged 00 and additional Duties of Excife granted by this Aft on Tobacco Tobacco and Ond French Wines, shall be charged on all Tobacoo and French Wine French Wine imported into Great Britain, which shall have been warehoused, and shall have remained on the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand 30, eight hundred and thirteen in Warehoufes under His MajeAy’s Locks, *	3#

ia purfuaace or by the Authority of any Aft or Afta of Parliament or other special Authority in force on or immediately before the (aid. uirtiath Day of March, although such Tobacco or Frmth Wince

may

L-ooOLe

C. 34.

53* geo. in.

A.D.1813.

Accounted far •nd paid as Corner Dudes.

Dudes on fp^> cific Quantifies to apply to greater or lei* Quantity.

Dealers allowed to charge additional Duty.

Duties levied end Drawbacks allowed asformer Dudes and Drawbacks.

may have been imported before the said Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be payable on any such Tobacco or French Winer unless and until any such Tobacco or French Wines shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe for the Purpofe of being used or con-fumed in Great Britain.

IV,	And be it further enacted, That the several and refoedlive Duties by this Adi imposed shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied and discharged by the Person or Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction or Difcharge thereof, at such time and times, and in such manner as the Duties of Excife chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities refpediively, or upon any Person for or in respect thereof, were by any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Adi to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied or discharged.

V.	And be it further enadied, That in all cases where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Adi on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the fame shall in every case be underiiood and deemed and taken to apply in the fame Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity.

. * VI. And whereas Contradis or Agreements may have been

*	made before the palling of this Adfc by Dealers in the refpective

*	Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, upon which addi-' tional Duties are by this Adi imposed, for such Goods, Wares,

*	Merchandize or Commodities refpediively, to be delivered after the

*	Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thir-

*	teen ;* Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Tobacco or Snuff, or French Wine, after the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight and hundred thirteen, in pursuance of such Contradis or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this A dt imposed, for or in respect of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpediively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Adi to be paid for the fame accordingly.

VII. And be it further enadied, That the said Several Sums of Money refpediively inserted, described and fet forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) refpediively, as the Duties of Excife, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excife fet forth in the said Schedule marked (C.), upon the several and re-fpedtive Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities inserted therein, mail and may be respectively raised, levied, colledied, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways or methods, by which the former Duties refpediively, and Drawbacks of the Duties of Excife refpediively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, of the fame Sort or Kind refpediively, were or might be raised, levied, colledied, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed ; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by this Adi respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excife, or entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, as refpediively inserted, described and let forth in the laid Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be and the

fa

A.D.1813.

$3* GEO. Iff.

C.34.	177

feme trtt hereby rtmfle fnbjeft to all and e^ery the Conditions, ReguTi-tions, Rules, Reflridions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares,

Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the facial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpefiively, were ftibjeft and liable by any A6t or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Adi relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, made for fecnrmg the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, ani the several Clauses, Powers aud Diredions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and Ihall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excife, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excife hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the said Ads, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines,

Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reloaded in the Body of this Ad.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That m estimating the said How Stock of additional Duties hereby imposed on French Wine, as being found upon the first actual Survey, by the proper Officer or Officers of J^ Excife as hereinafter mentioned, in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffelfion y ** of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine which fheH be in Bottles, Five repnted Quart Bottles shall be reckoned to the Galion, and Two hundred and fifty two of such Gallons to the Tan ; and the said additional Duties payable oh jFrench Wine, as being in the Stock, Cuftody or PoffeffioQ of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine as afore-said, (halt be paid m manner following; that is to Cay, One Fourth Part thereof on the Tenth Day of OBoher One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; one other Fourth Part thereof on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen 5 ohe other FoWfth Part thereof on the Tenth Day of OBoher One thousand eight hundred And fourteen ; and the remaining Fourth Part thereof M the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen*

IX.	Provided always, arid be it further enacted. That nothing Not to charts hr tlii& Ad contained frail extend or be deemed or construed to Dutyunltf* extend to charge with any Doty, by virtue of this A&, any French Stock on Sumy Wine in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffefllon of any Dealer or Dealers ^jer ?°^n ift, or Sefler or SeflerB of Foreign Wine, for which the additional

D*ty by this A a imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof, nor any French Wine in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeflion of Itrf Drtrfer or Dealers in, or Seiler or Sellers of Foreign Wine, uqlefr fwth Dealer or Dealers m, or Seiler or Seller*, Ihall have in his> her dr the$r Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion, on such actual Survey as afore-said, after the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, a Quantity or Quantities of French Wine exceeding Sixty three Galions, reckoning Five ipputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon for af! such Wide as frail be in Bottles.

X.	ProtHed also, and be it further eriafled, That etfery fucli Payment at Deafer or Dealert or Setter or Sellers rf Foreign Wine^ who shall. Duty by oA to.

53 Geo. Ill*

N

on tSs.t, All***

•nee to Dfala/.

178

C-34-

53* GEO. UI.

A.D.1813.

raudoWotlj n-novimWine.

Penalty.

Notice of Stock mhaoil

’entity.

Prise French Wine, Tobacco nd Snuff* liable.

t Tv ; k*. 4T •	•.	te	**fc>

% .' ■ . B s 1

Application of Duties.'

on or before the laid Tenth Dar of OHoher One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, hare a&uafly paid in Advance the whole of the said additional Duties by this Act imposed on any French Wine which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, after the laid Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance equal to One Third of such additional Duties so paid in Advance as aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine shall, for the Purjpofe of preventing the fame being found in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, upon the first actual Survey of fuck Officer or Officers after the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, clandestinely remove or carry away,, or cause or suffer to be refnoved or carried away, any French Wine, of shall for the Purpofe aforesaid, fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause or suffer to be hidden or concealed any such French Wine, then and in every such case the Dealer or Dealers so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and 'the French Wine so removed, conveyed away, hidden or concealed, shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Person or Persons in whose Cuftody or Pofleffion any such French Wine shall be found, who shall not, before the Difcovery thereof by an Officer or Officers of Excife, give Notice at the next Office of Excife of the Quantity of French Wine, To in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty** Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr, or in the Court of Exchequer at 'Edinburgh; and that one Moiety thereof shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them, who (h*ll dffeover, inform or sue for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all French Wine, Tobacco ind Snuff, respectively taken and condemned as Prize, and fold by the Captors or their Agents, and which shall, from or after the (aid Thirtieth Day of March One thoufaad eight hundred and thirteen, be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the fame shall have been secured to be consumed in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of French Wine, Tobacco or Snuff, as the case may require, respectively imported, and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by (pjch “Perfons and in such manner as the Duties are payable by Law.

‘XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies anting by tne new and additional Duties of Excife imposed by this A& (the

datpd Fund of Great Britain ; and such of the said Monies as shall aAfefrom Duties on Wines shall be deemed to be an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpofe of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any A& passed or to be passed in the present Seffion

•: ■	•. • - nr	of

179

A.D.i8i3‘	53*GEO.	III.	C.34.

of Parliament for appropriating certain Monies to the Sinking Fund of Great Britain; and such of the said Monies as shall arile from Duties on Tobacco shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Loans made for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this A& may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain* 6rT\)r-tugal, imported into Great Britain	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Produdion of His Majefty’s Coionics, Plantations, Iflauds or Territories in America, or ot the United States of America, imported into Great Britain	-

For evenr Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Ruflia, or of the Ottoman or Turkifh Empire, imported into Great Britain

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies	-	-	-

Eor every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eall Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanifh West Indies	•	-

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other Place, not being IVifh-manufactured Snuff imported directly from Ireland	-	-

The said additional Dpties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Tobacco and Snuff which shall have been imported, and for which the Duties chargeable on Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall not have been paid on or before the Thirtieth Day of.March One thousand eight bundled and thirteen, or which shall be imported, and which (whether the fame shall have been or shall be imported) shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, diredUv from the Ware-houfes in which the uune shall have been lodged, under the Rules and Regulations in that case made and provided.

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or

N 3

A& repeal*1, Sec.

Duties.

£ s. d. 004}

002

002 0 0 2 O O si 0 0 2$ o o sl

before

L,ooQie

18*9

53'GEO. III.

AJL1813

C.34.

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.

WINE.	Duties.

before the Thirtieth Day of March Ooe thousand eight hundrtd and thirteen, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of	63 0 0

For every Tun of French Wine which fhali have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, after the said Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in the Stock, Cuflody or Poffeffion of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers* a Duty of	63 O Q

SCHEDULE (B.)

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound height of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce 0? Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain	-

For every Pound Weight of Iriih-manufadured Short-cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanifh, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufatiured Shag Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Roll Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Carrot Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irifh-manufadured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain	...

For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Rappee SnuiF, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Scotch Snuff, imported froth Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Brown Scotch Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Tobacco Stalk Flower, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irifh-manufadured Snuff or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain

Duties.

£ s. d<

0 0 2

OO3

OO3

OOJ

003

OOJ

O O 2{ 0 o 3i 0 0 2’ O O }i

o o

SCHE-

A*D'i8i3<

tt'GEO.UL

C-34*3f

III

SCHEDULE (C.)

TOBACCO.

For every Pound Weight of Short-cut Tobacco, manufe&ured any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tofoccp For which the Dirties imposed in respect thereof ft*]] b*ve be**1 paid, and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof, From such Ports to Foreign Parts	-

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco Co manijfaftyred aq4 exported	-	f.	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufadora) pud exported	-	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufa&ured and exported	-

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into QmX Britain, for which all the Duties iropoled in respect thereof &41 have been paid and which shall be duly exported as}Merchan4i*e frog* or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers ip, qf Seller or Sellers of French Wine, and so in Proportion for *oy greater or less Quantity	 •	f________r________-

Drawbacks.

* r. d.

O O 1$ O O li o o ti

63 o

CAP. XXXV.

An Aft to alter and amend several Afts passed in His present Majesty*s Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt 5 and for making further Provifion in respect thereof.

[15th April 1813.]

*	TXTHEREAS the Total Capital of the Funded Debt of Great 4 W Britain in perpetual redeemable Annuities, existing on the

*	Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix,

4 amounted to the Sum of Two hundred thirty eight millions two 4 hundred thirty one thousand two hundred forty eight Pounds Five

*	Shillings and Two nence Three Farthings: And whereas by several 4 Afts passed in the Reign of His present Majesty ; videlicet* an Aft

*	paffed in the Twenty uxth Year of His Majesty, intituled An Aft o$G. 3. c.$t* 4 for vefling certain Sums in Cemmifiotters at the End cf every Quarter

*	of a Tear, to be by them	to the RtduSion of the National

*	Debt ; an Aft passed in the Twenty leventh Year ot His Majesty, 47	& 3.	c*

*	intituled An AS for repealing the several Duties of Cufimne and

*	Excife, and grunting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the

*	feud Duties, together with the other Duties compofng top Public

*	Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandise, the Produce or ManufaBure of (bo European Do~

<	minions of the French King into thu Kingdom i and for applying

*	certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment

*	of Annuities on Lives, to the Redudion of the National Debt; an

<	A& passed in the Thirty second Year of {ii* Majesty, intituled	a	3.	c. ss-

N j	<	An

4 An AS to render more ejfeSual an AS made in the Twenty Jinth Tear 4 of H'u present Majejly's Reign, intituled An AS for vejting certain 4 Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to he 4 by them applied to the ReduSion of the National Debt; and to dire9 4 the Application of an additional Sum to the ReduSion of the said Debt. 42 O.3. Ljt. 4 in case of future Loans ; and an Aft pa (Ted in the Forty second * Year of His Majesty, intituled An AS to amend and render more f ejfeSual Two ASs passed in the Twenty Jixtb and Thirty second Tears 4 of the Reign of Hit present Majesty, for the ReduSion of the National 4 Debt; various Provifions were made for the gradual Reduftion of 4 the said Debt exifting'on the Fifth Day of January One thousand 4 seven hundred and eighty fix, and of the public Debt fmce con-4 trafted : And whereas by virtue of the said several Afts, the Sum 4 oF Two hundred thirty eight millions three tiundfed and fifty 4 thousand one hundred forty three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and 4 One Penny of Funded Capital of the said Debt had, on or before 4 the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, 4 been actually purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduftion of 4 the National Debt, or had been transferred to the said Commissioners \ for the Redemption of Land* Tax, or the Purchafe of Life An-4 nuities; and which said Sum so purchased or transferred to the 4 said Commissioners as aforesaid, exceeds the Total Capital of the 4 perpetual redeemable Annuities of the Funded Debt of Great 4 Britain, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand 4 seven hundred and eighty fix, by the Sum of One hundred and 4 eighteen thousand eight hundred ninety five Pounds Twelve 4 Shillings and. Ten pence Farthing: And whereas the Public ;	4 Burthens may at this Period be greatly alleviated, and the whole

4 of the National Debt now existing may nevertheless be redeemed 4 within Forty* five Years from the Periods of their respective Loans 4 by which the fame was created ; and the Reduftion thereof may be 4 accelerated, if the Provifions of the said recited Afts were altered, 4 varied and amended, in the manner hereinafter expressed Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conferit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and pnkrUnn°k ky the Authority of the fame, That, for the Purpofes of this Aft, an t	Amount	of Public Debt equal to the whole Capital of the Public

Debt existing on	in	perpetual redeemable Annuities, existing on the said Fifth

Jan. 5,1786, Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, (haH deemed satisfied, be deemed to be fatished and discharged ; and so much of the and so much Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as aforesaid, and (landing i V h *n the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor rnncelk^to de- an<* Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament, by an Aft ot fray Charge of Afts to be patted in the present Session, shall or may direct, shall be I oao.	cancelied, in like manner as if the fame had been transferred to the

said Commissioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provifions of the several Afts thereunto relating*, in order to make Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other When further manner, for the Service of the present Year; and when and so food A mount of Debt as such a further Amount of tne Capital Funded Debt of Great di certain	(hall	have been purchased by the said Commissioners, or

Dividend, Com- transferred to them for the Redemption of Land Tax, or the

Purchafe

'S

A.D.1813.

53« GEO. III.

C-35-

Purcbafe of Life Annuities, as, together with the Amount so already purchased or transferred as aforesaid, shall have produced an Intereft or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, the said Commifiioners shall thereupon certify and declare the lame to the Lord High Treasurer, or Com-miilioners of the Treasury for the time being, who shall cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament shall be then fitting), but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then withii} Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and so from time, to time whenever such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain shall have been purchased or transferred as aforesaid, as shall be equal to the whole Capital, and shall have produced an Intereft or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in* perpetual redeemable Annuities, of each Loan contracted since the laid Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix ; the said Commifiioners shall from time to time thereupon in like manner certify and declare the fame to the Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, wno shall in like manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration shall have been so made, published and laid before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debt to which such Certificate and Declaration shall relate, shall from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock (lauding in the Names of the said Commifiioners, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or of the South Sea Company, shall be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Adt or Adis of Parliament to be palled for that Purpose, in order to make Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other manner 5 any thing in the said recited Adi of the Forty fecona Year of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withstanding: Provided nevertheless, that out of any Capital Stock to be cancelled as aforesaid, shall always be reserved such Sum or Sums as shall produce a yearly Intereft or Dividend adequate to make Provifion for the Payment of all Lite Annuities which may then be payable out of the Sinking Fund of Great Britain, in case no sufficient Refervation of Stock shall at anytime theretofore have been made for this Purpofe.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case and whenever any such Capital Stock which may have been declared to be satisfied and discharged as aforesaid, or any Part of such Capital Stock, shall not be actually cancelled in virtue of any Adi or* Adis of Parliament to be passed for such Purpose, then and in every such case the Dividends of all such Capital Stock as may not have been cancelled, shall in the mean time and until the fame shall be so actually cancelled, continue to be ifiued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, ana be placed to the Account of the said Commifiioners for the Re-

N 4	dudioa

183

mtflSooert to certify lime to Treasury,&c.

Whereupon ft ‘ much Stock lh&l be cancelled as may be adfe-' quite to Charge of Loan, Sec.

Dividends of Capital Stock declared satisfied but hot actually cancelled, shall continue to be allied to Reduction of National Debt.

C-3S«

S30 GEO. III.

A.D1813.

prevent entire Redemption in 45 Years*

Pn.Trrerly Sums j'. filed from Exchequer for Re-d.

io jlfued*

duftion of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, and shall be applied by them in the Redemption of the National Debt, in such and the fame manner in all respects as the Dividends of any other Capital Stock (landing in their Names are applicable for that Purpofe.

$t<vk not cm- III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any such Capital celled k inch an Stock as aforesaid shall never be deemed to be satisfied or discharged. Extent as to or bc cancelled by Parliament, in fucli a manner or to any mch Extent, as might not leave in the Hands of the said Commiffiouers a Spin sufficient, together with the other Funds or Sums of Money appropriated to them, to redeem or purchase an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities, equal to such Part of the whole of the redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, as existed previous to the Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the said Twenty second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; nor to redeem or purchase an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities, equal to such Part thereof as hath been or shall be created subsequent to the said Twenty second Day of June Oue thousand eight hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the respective Periods of the Creation of such redeemable Public Annuities respectively.

IV And, in order to make more effectual Provifion for the Redemption of the Public Debt within the Period of Forty five Years from the time of its Creation, conformably to the Intent and ttornTDebt	Meaning of the said recited Atts and of this Aft, be it further

continue to be	enacted, That all and every the quarterly Sum and Sums which, by

virtue of the said recited Afts ot the Twenty sixth, Twenty seventh. Thirty second and Forty second Years of His present Majefly’s Reign, or any of them, are directed to be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, shall from time to time continue to be so issued, and shall be applied by the said Commiflioners pursuant to the Direftions, and under and according to the Reftriftions and Pro-vifions of the said recited Afts, either in Payment for the Redemption or in the Purchafe of the several redeemable Public Annuities of Great Britain, until the whole of the perpetual redeemable Annuities, now, or which during the present War may hereafter become charged upon the Public Funds of Great Britain, shall have been completely redeemed or purchased within Forty five Years from the Creation thereof as aforesaid ; any thing in the said recited Afts of the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of His said Majefty’s Reign, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner, which may create an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the present or any future Year, shall exceed the Sum which on the First Day of February shall have been or shall he estimated to be applicable in the fame Year to the Reduftion of the National Debt, then and in every such case an annual Sum, amounting to One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by so much only of the Monies raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner as aforesaid* in the Year, as shall be eaual to the Sum so estimated to be applicable to the Reduftion of the National Debt, within the fame Year, shall be

When Sum* rail d by Loan 01 wt erwife for Service of any Year I all ex -rc-td a certain Amount, a ne* Fund mail be 5 r vided.

be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Account of the said Commissioners, in the manner directed by the said recited A61 of the Thirty second Year of His present Majefty} and with respect to the Excels of the Monies which may be so railed in any Year by way pf Loan, or in any other manner as aforesaid, above the estimated Sum applicable to the Redu&ion of the National Debt, within the fame Year, such an annual Sum as shall be equal to One-half of the Intereft of such Excess, shall be fet apart out of the Monies com. posing the Confolidated Fund, and shall in like manner be issued, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

* VI. And whereas Provifion was made by Parliament, in the € Forty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for paying out of the Confolidated Fonu of Great Britain, the Intereft and Charges of the Capital Stock created in respect of several Loans, railed by virtue of divers A6ts passed in the Thirty eighth, Thirty ninth, Thirty ninth and Fortietn and Forty second Years of His said Majesty, amounting to the Sum of Eighty six millions fevea hundred and ninety fix thousand three hundred Pounds; but no Provifion was then made for the Iffue of an annual Sum equal to One hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock, for the Redemptiou

thereof: And whereas it is expedient now to make Provifion for 1 that Purpofe Be it therefore enacted, That in Addition to any Sums which by virtue of the said recited Ads and of this Ad, shall be fet apart out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Redemption of the National Debt, the further annual Sum of Eight hundred and sixty seven thousand nine hundred and sixty three Pounds shall from time to time be fet apart and issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said Confolidated Fund by equal Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commissioners; the First of the said Quarterly Payments to be issued on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

VII. And be it further ena6ted, That the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt shall from time to time apply all such respective annual Sums as shall by virtue of this A6t be issued or granted, and be placed to their Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith, in the Redemption or Purchafe of any such redeemable Public Annuities, as they may from time to time judge most expedient, in such and the like manner a9 by virtue of the said recited A6ts and this Ad any other Sums issued to them, or placed to their Account for the Redemption of the National Debt, are applicable ; and all.and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provifions contained in any such Ads, respecting the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be valid and eifedual, with respect to the Monies issued to them, or placed to their Account, by virtue of this Ad (in so far as the fame are applicable, and except where the fame are herein expressly varied), as fully as if the fame Were particularly re-enaded therein.

[Sec C. 95. poJ}.~\

CAP.

Sum to he issued from Exchequer a . an Addition to Sinking Fuad.

How Commif-fioner* to apply Monies issued to them by virtue of Aft, to Reduftion of National Debt.

A.D.1813.

53* GEO. III.

4JO.J. c.j6.

in.

V«ffel« idmca-fured in case of Doubt as to Toning*.

43 Gj. c.j6.

*11.

VtffcbofHud-Coo’i Bay Com-paoy exempted, not carrying more than Twenty Paf-fcngen.

CAP. XXXVI.

An A St to amend an A&, patted in the Forty third Year of

His present Majesty, for regulating the Veffels carrying

Paffengers to His Majefty’s Plantations and Settlements

Abroad.	[15th	April 1813.]

*	YT7HEREAS an A6t was pafTed in the Forty third Year of 4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for rr-, 4 gulating the Vejfels carrying Pajerigers from the United Kingdom 4 to His Majefty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad\ or to Foreign\ 4 Parts, with respect to the Number of such Pajfengers : And whereat 4 it is enacted by the said A&, that every Ship or Veffel other than 4 a British Ship or Veffel, owned, navigated, and registered according 4 to Law, shall be deemed and taken to be of iuch Tonnage or 4 Burthen as shall be ascertained by the Oath of the Mafter or other 4 Person having or taking the Command thereof, taken before thq 4 Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port front 4 whence such Ship or Veffel shall be cleared out: And whereas it 4 is expedient to provide a further Remedy for ascertaining the 4 Tonnage of any such Ship or Veffel May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena&cd ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That if the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at such Port, shall have any Doubt as to the Tonnage of any such Ship or Veffel as fwom to by such Mafter or other Person, or shall be required by any Person or Persons having such Doubt, it shall and may be lawful for such Colle&or or other Chief Officer, and he is hereby directed to cause such Ship or Veffel to be admeafured in the manner in which a British Ship is admeafured for the Purpofe of being registered, and such Ship or Veffel, upon being so admeasured, shall be deemed and taken to be of the Tonnage or Burthen afeer-tained by such Admeasurement, notwithstanding the Oath of any such Mafter or other Person.

4 II. And whereas it is provided by the said A&, that nothing 4 therein contained should extend or be deemed or construed to 4 extend to Ships or Veffels in the Service of His Majesty, or of His

*	Majefty’s Poftmafter General, or of the Cuftoms or Excife in Great 4 Britain and Ireland respectively, or of the East India Company, and 4 it is expedient that this Provifion should be extended to Ships or 4 Veffels in the Service of the Governor and Company of Ad-4 venturers of England trading into Hudfon's Bay under certain 4 RegulationsBe it therefore enacted. That, from and after the palling of this A&, nothing in the said recited A£t contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to any Ship or Veffel in the Service of the Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson's Bay> provided such Ship or Veffel shall not carry more than Twenty raflengers besides the Crew ; and if any such Ship or Veffel shall carry more than Twenty Paffengers, provided a Licence shall be granted by His Majesty iu Council in manner herein directed for such Ship or Veffel to carry more than Twenty Paffengers, specifying the Number and Defcription of such Paffengers: Provided neverthelefr, that it shall and may be lawful

for

*»7

A.D. 1813

53* GEO. QL

C.36, 37.

for any Ship or Veffel in the Service of the said Governor and

Company to fail without such Licence, fubjeA to the Provifions of the laid recited AA, if the said Governor and Company shall think fit.

III. And be it enaAed, That when it is intended that any such iffuchVeiTelsb* Ship or VefTel shall carry a greater Number than Twenty Paffengers, intended to cany it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of a 5rc*ter Num-Ad venturers trading into Hudfon's Bay, and they are hereby required to lay before His Majesty in Council a Plan of the Interior of fuch	Majefty

Ship or Veffel, with a Statement specifying the Dimenfions of that in Couneil, fcc. Part of such Ship or Veffel which is to be allotted to the Ufe of the Paffengers, and the manner in which it has been fitted up for their Accommodation, as also the Number and Defcription of Paffengers to be received on board, and thereupon a Licence by His Majesty in Council shall be granted for the Purpofe of enabling the said Governor and Company of Adventurers trading into Hudfon's Bay, to put on board and to convey to their Settlements adjoining to Hudfon's Bay the specified Number of Paffengers so described : Provided that such Paffengers being full grown Men do not exceed the Number of Infantry usually conveyed in His Maiefty’s Tranfport Service, for a similar Voyage on board of a Veff 1	** r tnilar Accommodations;

or provided that Inch Paffengers	grown Men are of fuch

a Defcription that the specified Number of (uch Paffengers may be equaTy well accommodated in the Space which would be required for such Number of Infantry as aforesaid ; and upon such Licence being granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company to put on board such Ship or Veffel, and to convey therein such Paffengers to the Settlements of the said Governor and Company adjoining to Hudfon's Bay without being fubjeA to the Regulations of the said recited AA; any thing in the said recited AA to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty eight Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Wejl Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty.	[15th April 1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS it is expedient to amend an AA passed in the *go. t.c.*o.

4 VV Twenty eight Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,	J

4 intituled Hn HQ to allow the Importation of Rumor other Spiritsfrom

*	His Majefiy's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies into the 4 Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Con-

4 ditions and RefiriaionsBe it enaAed by the King's Moft How Valuations Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the ofRumandCai-Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- goe* under re. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Clted and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and comlwte thirteen, the Value of the Rum or other Spirits admitted to an Entry under the said AA, and the Value of the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horfes or Neat Cattle loaded in the said Province under the said A A, shall refpeAively be estimated and computed according to the Valuations contained in the Schedule annexed to this AA.

cap. xxxvn.

II. Pro.

188

Privy Council may alter such Valuations.

•37-

S30 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, by Order or Orders to be ifTued and published from time to time, to alter the Valuations and Articles contained in the said Schedule whenever it shall appear necessary or proper upon any Reprefentation or Report made by the Governor and Council of the said Province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this Aft.

Flour, t ft Sort Ditto, 2d Sort Bifcuit Wheat Peafe -Oats Barley Flax Seed Potatoes Indian Corn Salted Beef Ditto

Salted Pork Ditto Butter Soap

Mould Candles Dipped Ditto Salmon Ditto

Herrings and Allwives Shad Fifh Dry Cod Fifh Seal, Porpoifc and Cod Oil Canadian Porter Ditto	Burton Ale

Ditto	Mild Ditto

Onions	.

EfTcnce of Spruce Oak Timber squared Ditto Plank 3 to 4 Inches thick Ditto	ik	to	2	Inches	thick

Puncheon Staves 3^ Feet long 4 Inches 7 broad and t Inch thick	-3

Puncheon Heading z\ Feet long 5 to ) 6 Inches broad and I Inch thick -3 Pine Timber squared Pine Boards 12 Feet long and upwards 7 and 1 Inch thick	-	-j

Ditto 10 Feet long and 1 Inch thick Ditto - - Ditto 2 Inches thick Z

Sterling. £ j. d.

1 17 ^

4

*3

6

4

5

4

2

3

5 1

4

10

15

10

—1

6

j

per Barrel of 1 cwt. 3 qrs.

Ditto, per Cwt.

per Bufhel.

10

7

per Bufhel.

per Tierce, per Barrel, per Tierce, per Barrel, per lb.

=: :i	* per lb.

2 IO —	per Barrel.

3 *5 —	per Tierce.

	per Barrel.

	per Ditto.

1 6 ~~	per Cwt.

I ill	per Hhd. of 63 Galls.  |

s-d	I per Ditto.

3			)  per Thoufand.

— 1 3	per lb.

	per Cubic Foot.

_ — 5	per Superficial Foot.

	3	per Ditto.

IO		per 1,200 Pieces.

10		per Thoufand.

— — 4	per Cubic Foot,*

* i> ~	per Thoufand Superficial

Feet.	

25 —	per Hundred Boards.

3 7 6	Ditto.

	Woodeu

A.D. i6ij.

$3*GEO. HL	C.37,381

SCHEDULE —continued.

189

Wooden Hoops 12 Feet long Ditto	14 Ditto

Ditto	10 Ditto

Ditto	7 Ditto

Shingles

Puncheon Packs Bar Iron Horfes

Homed Cattle -

Sheep

Turkeys

Sterling.

* /. d.

5 — — per Thonfand !

5 10 — Ditto.

4 — — Ditto*

2 10 — Ditto.

—	15 — perThoufand.

—	12 — each.

x 10 — per Cwt.

per Thonfand Hoops*

Ditto.

Ditto*

Windward and Leeward Ifland Rum

Rum - — 1 9 per GaHoi. Do. - — 2 — Ditto.

Jamaica

CAP. XXXVIIL

An A€k for regulating the Exportation of Corn and othef Articles to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur, and the Coaft of Labrador.	[15th	April 1813.]

4 "TlfTHEREAS by an Aft palled in the Thirty first Year of His G.3. c.30* * VV present Majefty's Reign, intituled An Ad for regulating the 4 Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty 4 on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on Britim Corn ex-4 ported; the Exportation of Corn and other Articles is allowed to 4 Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur and the Coaft of 4 Labrador, from certain Ports in certain Quantities as described in

*	the Table marked C. in the said Aft, at the time when the general TaMe C 4 Exportation of Corn and other Articles is prohibited by the Aid

*	Aft 2 And whereas it is now judged that such Supply of Com and

*	other Articles might be more conveniently provided, if instead of

*	the certain Ports and certain Quantities specified in the said Table,

4 the Exportation thereof was allowed from such Ports and in such 4 Quantities from each Port as shall from time to time be dlrefted 4 by the Lords of His Majefty's Privy Council appointed for the 4 Confideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Planta-

4 tions 1* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Molt Excellent Articles fpedfad Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual *nd allowed to and Temporal, and Commons, ip this present Parliament assembled, **	t0,

2nd by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling &c?to°blTex* of this Aft, the whole Quantity of Com and other Articles allowed ported as Privy T>y the said Aft according to the said Table marked (C.) to be ex- Council Audi ' ported to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur and the direct.

Coaft of Labrador, shall be exported from such Ports and in such Quantities from each Port as shall be directed by the Lords of His Majefty’s Privy Council appointed for the Confideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations and not other-wife ; any thing in the said Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A P.

C-39> 40

A. D. 18.13,

190

41' GEO. in.

ljO.J.t.74-

§i, a.

G. 3. Sc<r. a. €.56. § 6.

•ootimied.

*jG. 3. c.46.

14.

continued.

Aft altered, &c.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Tranfportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

[15th April 1813.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned hare by 4 W Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is 4 expedient that the fame should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by the King's Moll Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of an Aft made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majelty, intituled An A8 to explain and amend the Law relating to the Tranfportation, Imprifonment and other Punifhment of certain Offenders, as relates to Tranfportation beyond the Seas; and also so much of an Aft made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majelty, intituled An AS for the effeSual Tranfportation of Felons and other Offender/, and to authorise the Removal of Prifoners in certain cases ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement; which Afts were amended and continued by Five other Afts, of the Tweuty eighth, Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty second and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majelty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight huudred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That so much of an Aft made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Maielty, intituled An AS for the more effeSual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prifoners in certain cases, as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to continue in force until the Firlt Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was revived and continued by Four Afts of the Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty second and Forty sixth Years of His present Majelly's Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

III.	Ana be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be passed in this Seffioa of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.i8i3«

C.40, 41.

530GEO. ID.'

191

CAP. XL.

An A£l to repeal so much of fereral A£b pa fled in England and Scotland refpefliTely, as empowers Justices of the Peace to rate Wages, or fet Prices of Work, for Artificers,

Labourers or Craftfmen.

[15th April 1813.]

Scotch Alb, a 2d Parliament, Jac 1.

xit Parliament Car. a.

WHEREAS an Aft palled in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 EBi-c-4-I ij, of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AS containing divers Orders for Artificers9 Labourers, Servants of Hujbandry or Apprentices : And whereas another Aft pafTed in the 1 Jac.i.c.6. $ g. First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King James the First, intituled An AS made for the Explanation of the Statute made in the Fifth Tear of the late Queen Elizabeth’s Reign, concerning Labourers And whereas an Aft palled in Scotland, in the Twenty second Parliament of His Majesty King James the First in England and the Sixth of Scotland, intituled Anent the Justices for keeping His Majesty*s Peace, and their Conftables : And whereas another Aft palled in Scotland, in the First Parliament of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled Commiffton and In-ftruSion to the Justices of the Peace and Conftables : And whereas it is expedient, that the Powers given by the said Afts, and by various other Afts pasted in the Parliaments of Scotland, to Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Cities and Boroughs, to rate Wages or fix Prices for Work, for Artificers, Labourers and Craftfmen, should be repealed :’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Maieftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the said recited Afts, and of each ot them, or of any other Aft of Parliament in force in Scotland, as authorizes and empowers any Justices of the Peace or Magistrates of Cities and Burghs to rate Wages or fix Prices of Work ffor Artificers, Labourers and Craftfmen, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and all Orders heretofore made by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, hr England or Scotland respectively, under the Authority of the said recited Afts, or any or either of them, for or in relation to the rating any Wages, or settling or fixing any Prices of Work to b* done or performed by any Artificers, Labourers or Craftfmen, or Servants, mall be and the fame are hereby declared to be void and of none Effest; any thing in the said Afts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.	[&r	5	EL	c.4.	f	16—19.]

CAP. XLI.

An Aft for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer * Bills ; and for railing a Sum of Money by Debentures for the ; Service of Great Britain.	[ift May	1813.J

%foft Gracious Sovereign,

Empowering Magistrates to fix Wages, re-l>ealed.

Order? made by M agi(l rates under such Afts repealed.

• contained in certain Exchequer Bills now outftandiog, to the

• Amount

*	Amount of Twelve MfiXont Bfci&g, have resolved, that all

*	Perfons interested ia or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills

*	(bomld be entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums contained

*	therein, to such Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter 4 mentioned, and fhoula also be entitled to Debentures on the Terms 4 and Conditions hereinafter expressed ;9 We, Your Majesty*s mod faithful Commons, do therefore mod humbly beseech Your Mrieflf that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and. with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

bolder* of cer- assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That every Perfoa in-tun	tereded	in	or entitled unto any Exchequer BiH or Bills dated

fen* dae between the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and quer shall receive twel*et and the Thirty fird Day of March One thousand eight Certificates to hundred and thirteen, who shall between the Seventh Day of April the Bank enti- One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and the Tenth Day of April Ciopthwn to cer- Qne thousand eight hundred and thirteen, both indnftve, have carried nn tnmnies. ^ fame to the	of	the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, unless

the said Principal Sum of Twclve Millions Sterling fliaH have beea sooner subscribed at the said Office in such Exchequer Bills, shall be paid the Intereft that shall have become due thereupon to the Twenty sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen inclusive, in Money, as (bon after the said Twenty sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, as can conveniently be done, and shall have in Exchange for such Exchequer Bills, from such Paymaders, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressing the Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and fifteen Pounds Ten Sliillings Capital Stock in An* nuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen for each One hundred Pounds contained in such lad mentioned Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum ; and that all Persons interested in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by having delivered the fame between the respective Days aforesaid, into the laid Office of Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which said An* nuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the times Provifo.	and	in the manner herein mentioned; Provided always, that the

Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bilb, to be exchanged for Certificates in porfuance of this Ad, shall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Millions Sterling,

Guardians may II. And be it further enacted. That if any Infant or Infants shall deliver up Bills have become entitled to any of the said Bills, in such case the for Benefit of Guardian or Guardians,* Truftee or Trustees, of such la fart at iAfaartt b” enrkled°to * OT TnJ* md be, (he or they is or are hereby empowered* far the Annuity. Benefit of such Infant or Infants, to deliver up the fame to such Paymafter of Exchequer Bills; and such Infant or Infants, upon such Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Trustees, delivering up such Bill dr Bilb, shall be entitled to such Certificates 88 aforesaid, aid shall also be entitled to the Annuities as aforesaid, as fully as any other Perfou or Persons whatever; and the said Guardian or Guardians, Troftee ot Trustees, shall be discharged from the ferae, so a# the Marne

103

A.D.t8i3.

530 GEO. III.

C.4i*

of such Infant or Infants be expressed in such Certificate or Certificates; •ny thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers, at the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, interfiled in, or entitled unto any such Exchequer Bills, all the said Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Twelve Millions Sterling, as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, between the respective Days aforesaid, have delivered to such Officer or Officers; and the said Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intereft that shall have become due thereupon to the laid Twenty sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and to make forth ana sign the Certificates herein directed to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in the said Bilk, and to deliver the fame to the Parties entitled thereto as soon after the passing of this Aft as conveniently can be done; and the said Pay-mailers of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of such Certificates.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said Paymafters of Exchequer Bills in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained therein, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be in lieu of such Exchequer Bills, and the Annuities thereon shall be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; the First Payment to become due on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their f Ad-miniftrators, Succeflors and Affigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Eftates and Interefts in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Adi, until the Redemption thereof, in the manner herein directed; and shall be pofTeffed thereof as of a Perfonal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Cuftom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V* And be it further enacted. That all the Annuities hereby granted shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Gnat Britain, after paying or referring fuf-ficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Aft or Adis of Parliament 5 and (hail be subject to Redemption by Parliament, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Certificates as shall bf delivered in manner hereinbefore mentoned, shall be assignable by Iadorfement thereupon, made at any time before the First Day of Si Gao. UI.	O	Augujl

Exchequer Othce to receive

and (<tnce! such Exchequer Bills on ki .tntiiiji such Certificate*.

Certificates to entitle to certain. Annuities.

f SU.

Foreign Attachment. -

Annuities pay able out of CoD-folidated Fund.

Certificates may he arguable before August ij 1813.

*»4

Bank, ©n receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for Capital Stock therein mentioned ; which St< ck may be transferred.

Holders of Bills defiiou* of fuh-feribing 50I. for every iocl. nuj make a Depofit •f 1 cl perCent by April 17, 1813, end pay Remainder by laftalments.

C.41.	$3°	QEO. HI.	A.D.y8y	y.

Augvft One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and no longer, and no such Certificate or Alignment thereupon Oiali be charged with *ny Stamp Duties whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their SuccefTors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively author rized ana required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as ?foresaid, in pprfuancc of the Directions of this AS, and upon the Receipt of every fuels Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in refpcdk of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in such {Certificates so brought to hin? or them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpose, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, jn the said Annuities of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and the .Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whose Credit such Capital ■ Stock shall be entered in the fajd Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Adminifirators or Aftigns, shall and may have Power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpofe ; and the said Governor and Company for the time being fl?all aifo, on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, transmit an atteiied Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books first hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and majr be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have delivered in any such r Exchequer Bill or Bills, and who shall bp desirous of subscribing or contributing the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pound* • Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills fqr the Purchafe of Debentures, to make a Depofit on or befpre the Seventeenth Day of April One thousand fight hundred and thirteen, of Ten Pounds per Centnm on such Sum as he or (he shall fp choose to fubfpribe, with the Chief Ca(hier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; which Cafbier or Cafbiprs is and are hereby appointed the Receiver ar.d Receivers of such Sufifcriptions or Contribution* (without any other Warrant tp be bad on tbfit Behalf), as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or times, ana in the Proportions hereinafter limited and appointed• in that Behalf; that is to fay, the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on qr before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty first Day of May then next following ; the further Sun of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of June (*) then next following; the further Sum of Twenty Pounds per Ce9tum$ on or before the Sixteenth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum» on or before the Twenty seventh Day of Augufi then next following; the further Sum pf^Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of September then next following; and the remaining Sum of Twenty Pound* far Centum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of OSaber then next following.	(«)	[1	Btb June, c.$3. § 39. poj,]

IX.	And

L.

*9$

A-P-J?i3-	53*	GEO.	III.	C«4*»

f X. A*<i be it further ena,&ed, That it shall sn<} may be lawful Guardians may for any Guardian or Truftee, having the Difpofition of the Money c mtribute for of any Infant, to contribute and pay for or towards the Purchafc ln 4Dts* of the (aid Debentures; and such Infant, upon the Payment of fuel*

Sura or Sum6 subscribed by such Guardian or Trullee, shall become U Contributor within the Meaning of this A6k, and be entitled to have receive the Debentures, Advantages and Payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other Contributor; and the said Guardian and Truftee, a$ to the said Sum or Sums so advaneed, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be ex-pjrefled in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

X.	And he it further enacted, That every Contributor, paying in Contributors the Whole of the Sums by them respectively subscribed as aforesaid, wholVsubfcrip-for the Purchafc of Debentures, at any time on or before the Twenty ll0n°* or bS# third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, s^t. 23,1813, Aall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Intereft allowed Dif-pf each Sum so paid in Advance for cQmpleting his, her or their Con- count, tribution respectively shall amount unto, after the Rate of Four Pounds

fer Centum per Annum) from the Day of completing the feme to the Twenty ninth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and thii teen, which Allowance is to be paid by the said Caftiier or Cafhiers out of the Money so contributed in pursuance of this A 61, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Adminillrators, Succeffors and Afsigns, /hall have completed such Payment.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Treasury may to and for any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majeftyfe >ffueDebentures. Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time

being, to cause to be prepared or made and issued at the Receipt of His Mgtjefty's Exchequer, any Number of Debentures, entitling the Person or Persons therein named, their Executors, Adminiffrutors and Afligns, to the Sum or Sums to be respectively specified therein, not exceeding in the whole the Amount hereby authorized.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Debentures to be ma^e Debentures to fqrtb under the Authority of this Ad shall be prepared and made be of luchForm out at the Receipt of His Majeftyfe Exchequer, in such Method

aud Form as any Three or more of the Commissioners of His M.a-jpfty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time beipg, shall think mod fete and convenient; and may contain oue common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies: Provided always, that every such Debenture shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the feme, with the Approbation of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majefty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, in Writing under their or life Hands; and tha£ every such Authority shall be duly registered in the Office from which such Debentures are to be issued, and Notice thereof published ip the London Gaaette, before any Debenture (igned by virtue of such Authority shall be put into Circulation.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Contributor IbaJl for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid at the Bank of England* on producing a Certificate from the Ca(hier or Cafiuers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Auditor

the Receipt qf His Majefty's Exchequer, that such Payment hath

Oi	been

Contributors entitled to receive Debentures bearing an Inte-reftofi per Cent.

19 6	C.4i*

53'GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

When Debentures shall l>e y.iid off.

Manner of dif-1 barging l)e-•btuturea.

As loon as Sub* : iptions are

c mpleted they may be transferred.

been completed, be entitled to have and receive from the said Auditor a Debenture for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, bearing Date on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, transferable by Indorfement, and carrying an Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum payable to the Bearer thereof Half-yearly, at the Bank of England, on the Tenth Day of OBober and Fifth Day of April in every Year, the first Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and the principal Sums contained in such Debentures shall be payable in Money at the Office of the said Auditor, and Intereft thereon shall cease on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or on the Fifth Day of April in any succeeding Year during the Continuance of the War, on the Parties entitled to the fame, giving Three Calendar Months' previous Notice in Writing to the Chief Cafhier of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, of their Intention to receive such Money, or shall »be paid in Money, and the Intereft shall cease on the Fifth Day of April next succeeding Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace: Provided always, that the Persons pofteiled of or entitled to any such Debentures, shall and may in either or any of the cases before mentioned have the Option (on giving Three Calendar Months' Notice in Writing as aforesaid) of receiving for each One hundred Pounds contained in such Debentures, either the Sum of One hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds peV Centum per Annum 1 ereinbefore mentioned 5 or the Sum of One hundred and Twenty Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Foufr Pounds per Centum per Annum ; or the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum ; which said respective Annuities shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by even and equal Portions; that is to fay, the said Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Tenth Day of OBober and the Fifth Day of April in every Year 5 the First Payment upon the said refpec-tive Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum (hail become due on the Tenth Day of OBober next after the time that such Debentures shall become payable as aforesaid; and the First Payment upon the said Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall become due on the Fifth Day of July next after the time the said Debentures shall hecome payable as aforesaid.

XIV,	And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such Persons shall have declared their Intention of accepting any Capital Stock in either of the Annuities aforesaid in lieu of the said Debentures, the respective Principal Sums or Annuities shall forthwith be in the Books of the Bank of England placed to the Credit of such refpec-tive Persons, their Ex:cotor6, Adminiftrators, Succtffors and Afligns; and the Persons to whole Credit such Principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors, and Afligns, shall and may have Power to ailign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Pcrfoti or

16	Perfons,

c^

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

C. 41*

m

Person*, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such Option shall have been declared, to prepare proper Books for the Purpofe of entering the Names of all such rer-ions, and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums contained in such Debentures respectively 5 and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the -Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof, in the Books of the said Bank of England; and such Sums shall carry the respective Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum9 as the case may be, redeemable by Parliament 5 and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be Stoclc transferrable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, until Redemption thereof, in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XV.	And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities Exchequer to established by this A&, it is hereby further enacted, That the said ifru* MoreY Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, of^An^* shall from time to time appoint and employ One or more sufficient n

Person or Persons within their Office, in the City ol Londont to be their Chief or Firfl Cafhier or Cafhiers, and One other Person or Persons within the fame Office to be their Accountant General, and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Confolidated Fund by this A 61 made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall by Order of the Commiflionera of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time beinjr, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the relpettive Days of Payment in this A& appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the said Governor and Company ot the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, for the time being, by way of Impreft and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that fuen Cafhier or Cafhiers, to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued,

shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Courfe of the Exchequer.

XVI.	And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant Accountant Ge-

General for the time being shall from time to time inspect and exa-	exaroint

mine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cafhier or Cafhiers, and	C’

the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the Cafhfer or Caflrers of Cifliier to give the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have k«c<*jpt *or Sub-received or shall receive any Part of the said Contributions for De-

bentures as aforesaid, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to b^e^Scp?."^, every such Contributor for ail such Sums ; and that the Receipts to 1813. be given shall be assignable at any time before the Twenty fourth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer:

Provided always, that such Cafhier or Cafhiers shall give Security to Cafhier to give the good liking of any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Security for pay-Treafury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, Money ini?

O O 3	for	Exchequer.

198

C.4i-

$3® GEO. fit.

A.t>.t8t3-

A Book to bt kept in Accountant General's Office for entering Contributor** Name*.

Duplicate tranf-lnitteH to Auditor of Exchequer.

SuKfcripiion* p i id in Fart and n t Completed, foi feited.

Annukie*

P rfonal Eslate,

P'reign Attach, ment.

Treifury may a( pK Money p.id into • chequer.

for duly answering and paying info the Receipt of His Maje'fty^s Exchequer in Great Britain as after mentioned, for the Public Ufe, all the Monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the Sum to arise from the Purchafe of the said Debentures, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Truft hereby in them re-posed, and shall from time to time pay all such Monies as soon a* he or they shall receive the fame, or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the fame, in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Courfe thereof, deducting thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in puifuance of this Ad; for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

XVIII.	And be it enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the said Contributors shall be fairly entered 5 which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors and Afligns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and infpe6t without any Fee or Charge ; and that the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, transmit an attcfled Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said Cafhier or Cafhiers any Sum or Sums of Money at the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors or Afligns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cafhier or Cafhiers, the Refldue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Cafhier or Cafhiers, shall be forfeited for the Bei.efit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Debentures in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in aoy wife notwith-(landing.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be pi flefted thereof as of a Per-fonal Eslate, which shall not be dtfcendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Cuflom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Cuflom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treasury, or tfie High T reafurcr of Great Britain for the time being, to ifTuc and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into ^he Reciipt of His Majcfly’s Exchequer of Great Britain, by the said Cafhier or Cafhiers, to such Services as shall then havfc been Voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Scffion of Parliament.

10	XXII.	And

AJ3.i$i3»	53°	GEO. HI.	C.41.	199

XXII.	And be it further enacted, Thit all the Eiftiequer BiHt Exchequer Bill* and Debenture* converted into Annuities after the Rite of Five and Annuities Pound* per Centum per Annum, by virtue of this Aft, or intended pjvepercent £d to be, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Annuities to be Joint Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock added to Joint of Annuities with and shall be redeemable at the fame time and in like Stock of Five manner a* the Annuities carrying an Intereft after the Rate of

Five Pounds per Centum per Annum% established by the Afts of the * *G* f V Twenty fourth. Twenty fifth. Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth, Thirty c. 39. sixth, Thirty seventh, Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fiftieth, Fifty aj G. 3. c. 3*. first and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, 34 0-3-for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling and 35 0.3.^31. Transport Bills, Ordnance Debentures and Exchequer Bills ; and -7G 3 that all and every Person or Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, hi <3.3. c. 38. Proportion to the Money to which he, (he or they (hill become 49 G. 3. c.ai. entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Aft, shall have or bfe deerined 50G-3-c«*3-to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the said Stock of An- 5*0.3.c.i6. nuities at the Rate aforesaid.	52O.3.C.14.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Debenture* Ctin- Four per Cents. Verted into Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds/rr Centum per added to Four Annum, by virtue of this Aft, or intended so to be, shall be deemed, P« Cents, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added

to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the

Bank of England, into which the several Sums cariying an Intereft

after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum ter Annum were, by Two

Afts made in the Twentieth and Twenty nrft Years of the Reign of wO. 3.0.16.

Hi* present Majesty, and by several fublequent Afts, converted, and 21 c **

shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, fubjeft

Ueverthelefs to Redemption by Parliament, in filch manner, and upon

such Notice, as in the laid Afts are directed in respect of the Annuities

redeemable by virtue of the said Afts; and that all and every Perfon

or Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money

to which he, (he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid, by virtue

of this Aft, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft

and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforefaidL

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Debentures con- Three per Cents, verted into Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds pir Reduced added Centum per Annum by virtue of this Aft, or intended so to be, mall t0 Thn* per be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank q*

of England, which by an Aft made in the Twenty third Year of 3 the Reign of His late Majesty were reduced from Four Pounds pit Centum per Annum to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and (nidi be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject never-thelefs to Redemption by Parliament, in such manner and upon fudi Notice as in the several Afts by which the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pound* per Centum per Annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, (he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Aft, fit all have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the laid Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

. XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Capital or Mode oftrane-Joipt Stock, or any Share or Intereft therein, and the* proportional ferring Stock.

O 4	Annuities

loo

Stamp Duty.

Counterfeiting Certificates,&c.

Doth.

Counterfeiting Receipts for Co trii utions for Purchafe of Debentures.

C.41.	53 GEO.III.	A.D.1S13.

Annuities attending the fame, shall be aiTignable and transferable at this Aft dirests, and not otherwise ; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Arguments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties he ablent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be atteiled by Two or more credible Witneffes; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his. her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of affi^ning or transferring the said Capital or Joint Stock, and the Annuities attending the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Interell therein, shall he good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them : Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Intereft in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, may devise the fame by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witncfles, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interect, be entered in the said Office ; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devife as aforesaid, such Share, Eftate or Interect, shall go to the Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors and Affigns.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly aft or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, directed to be made out by this Aft, or any Affignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word, in any such Certificate or Debenture, or in any Affignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, or Affignment or Affignments thereof, or Indorfement or Indorfements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publi(hing, as aforesaid, being thereof conviftcd in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perlbna shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly aft or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Receipt or Receipts, for the whole of or any Part or Parts of the faia Contributions* for the Purchafe of Debentures, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein, as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Paver or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or (hall

alter

A.D.i8i3-

53° GEO. III.

aoi

alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or utter or publiffi as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the £^ank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging ox counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or affiffing in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convitked in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty o? Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benerrt of Clergy.	Death.

XXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enadked, That Bank to continue the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their a Corporation Succeffors, not with fkandirg the Redemption of all or any of their own Purpofeof Funds, in pursuance of the Adks for eftabliffiing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purpofes of this Adk, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid, and the laud Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Difability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing xh pursuance of this Adi.

XXIX.	And be it further enadked, That no Fee, Reward or Fee taking. Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of

any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Adk, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Adk, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieyed, to be re- Penalty, covered with full Co(ks of Suit, by Adkion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr, whereifi no Effoin, Protedkion, Privilege or Wager of Law, Injundkion or Order of Reftraint, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enadked, That the said Treasury to re-Commiffioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the ward Persons High Treasurer for the time being, shall have Power, and they are for Services, hereby authorized, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies in the

Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Adk for their Service, Pains and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enadked, That it shall be lawful to and Bank to retain a for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain certain Sum for out of the said Contributions at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds their Services, for every Million thereof, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and

Labour of the said Caffiier or Caffiiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the fame, and also for the Service, Pains and Laboor of the (aid Accountant General, for performing the Trull reposed in him by this Adk ; which Allowance, in refpedk of the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Caffiier or Caffiiers and Accountant Geoeral of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Ufe of the (aid Governor and Company, and at their Difpofal only.

XXXII.	And be it further enadked, That if any Person or Per- General Iflue. (bos shall at any time or times be sued, moleffed or prosecuted, for

any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Adk, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Perlon or Persons shall and may plead the General Ifsue, and give the Special Matter in

Evidence

C.4i>42> 43*	53’GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Evidence for bit or their Defence ; and if a Verdict (half pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Aftion, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given again ft him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Treble Colb. Defendants shall have Treble Cods to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Ad repealed,	XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered*

amended or repealed by any A ft or Afts to be made in this present Sfcffion of Parliament.

CAP. XLH.

An Aft to enable the Commiffioner* of His Majefty’s Treaftny to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Sup* plies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	[ift	May	1813.]

r< TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed 44 by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — § 1. Clauses, &c. in recited Aft relating to 44 Exchequer Bills extended to this Aft. § 2. Provifo as to issuing “ Exchequer Bills on Credit of 53 G. 3. c. 15. iu any other manner 44 than they are authorized by that Aft, See. § 3. Intered of af per 44 Cent, per Diem. $ 4. Exchequer Bills may at Expiratiou of Four 44 Months after Date, be taken in Payment of Revenue. § 5. Bank 44 of England authorized to advance 6,ooo,oool. on Credit of this u Aft not with Handing 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — § 6.

CAP. XLIII.

An Aft for increasing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[id May 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Aft passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punching Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the • better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are 4 established in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britmm 4 and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Tows • of Bertmck upon Tweedy for the Payment of Innholders and others 4 on whom Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Soldiers are 4 quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small 4 Beer at their Quarters ; and an Option is given to such Innholders 4 and others, to fumiffi certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and 4 Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Rules pre-1 feribed for fumiffiin^ Soldiers with Neceffaries are, in many In dances,

4 become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are pro-4 duftive of Di(lref8 to such Innholders and othersMay it there- * fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Non Commiffioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be far-ni(hed with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such No»» ' TOmiffioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and

billetted

C* 17. amt.

I 63.

Kan Commif-fioaed Officers, Stc. to allow 8d till June 24, i8xj,aad after

203

A.t).i8l3*	$3*GEO.	III.	C.43.

biUetted by virtue of the said Afl, shall pay and allow for the fame that Day iod. the Sum of Eight pence ter Diem, until the Twenty fourth Day of per Diem for June One thousand eighthundred and thirteen incluflve, and from and Beer In Quartern after that Day the Sum of Ten pence per Diem ; and that for such jn England ; Allowances of Eight pence and Ten pence, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non Commiffioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer at shall be (pecified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from lime to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a

Suarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, ne Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper ; and that the Accounts of the fame shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the fapd Aft now in force touching the former Rates of Seven pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and Five pence per Diem for the Infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other and for Article Persons on whom any Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Men which hire been shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, furoifhedgr^ shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Aft, furnish such Non OnVHalfr Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned p*r in lieu of furnifhihg Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by allowed, this Aft, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Com* taiffioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Confideration thereof, Oue Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier, infteaa of furnishing the fame gratis, as required by the said Aft; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the ForHorfe^quar-Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United tered is. ad. per Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His Majelly’s Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Aft, for Hay and Straw, traw*

shall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse, instead of Six pence per Diem as directed in the said Aft. [See c. 17. § 64.]

* IV. And whereas the Provi(ions contained in the said recited Aft* C. 17. § 63.

€ with respect to the manner of dieting within the aforesaid Parts of ante relating to 9 the United Kingdom, Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers on a ftjfniihing with * March or employed in Recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them ^j^one^ Qf_m’ * railed, have been produfiive of much Inconvenience as well to the ficer*,fcc.on 9 Troops as the Innholders Be it further enacted. That so much March, &c. re-Af the said recited Aft as relates to the manner of furnishing Non pealed. Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in Recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers Regulation with and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer refpefl to dieting from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates here- ^ soldiers ou inbefore prescribed while on the March, as alio on and for the Day of March, their Arrival at the Place of their final Deftinatioo, and on the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days, shall be

a Market

Faying Money to Non Cora-miflioned Officer*, See. on March in lieu of furnidling Diet, Sc c.

Penalty.

When halted oil a March, Diet and Small Beer at after arriving at Deftination.

If such Halting be only for a Day after Arrival and that a Market Day, Diet and Small Beer not dif-eontinued.

Regulation* re-fpetting Recruit* mg Parties and Recruits on March.

C.43.	53eGEO. III.	A.D.1813-

a Market Day ift ar\d for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Diftance of Two Miles thereof$ in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to difeoutinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furniffi in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited A€t specified, and at the Rate hereinbefore pre-feribed.

VI.	Provided always, That if any Vi&ualler or other Person liable by the said recited Adi to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furuilhing in Kind, the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Adi, every such Vidualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had rerufed to furniffi or allow, according to the Diredtions of the said recited Adt, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-fons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Deftination according to this Adi.

VIII.	Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment when on their March shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, shall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soidlers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers (nail be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered : Provided also, nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the lame Place, they

'	—	A

ao5

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.	C.43,44.

and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer tor such Two Days as afore (aid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty eight Days.

X.	And be it further enacted, That this A d shall have Continuance Continuance of from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred Ad.

and thirteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March Oue thousand eight hundred and fourteen 5 and that all Payments which have been made, and all Ads, Matters and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provifions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had patTed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Ad Ad alters< i.c. may be altered and varied by any Ad to be made in this Seflion of Parliament.

Allowance increased for Diet furnished to Soldiers on a March, c. 83*

P°f-1

CAP. XLIV.

An Ad for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Wines consumed by Officers of the Royal Marines serving on board His Majefty’s Ships.	[21ft	May 1813.]

*	TT7 HE REAS it is expedient that a Drawback of the Whole of

*	VV the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife should be allowed on Wine 1 shipped for the Ufe and Confumption of Commifiioned Officers of

*	the Royal Marines serving on board His Majefty’s Ships, in the fame

*	manner as Drawbacks are allowed on .Wine shipped for the Ufe and

*	Confumption of the Officers belonging to His Majefty’s Navy ;’ Be

it therefore enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the whole Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, Dnwbackof paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain, shall be allowed Duties on Wine on any Sort of Wine shipped for the Ufe of Commifiioned Officers	for	Vf*

of the Royal Marines, or of Persons acting as such, for their Ufe and Marines* Comfumption on board such of His Majefty’s Ships as they shall ferve

in, subject nevertheless to the Conditions, Limitations, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, of an Ad pafied in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 33 ^*3*c 4*-jin AS to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife upon IVincs consumed by Admirals, Captains and other Commi/ftoned Officers on hoard Ships of IVar in aSual Service, and to allow such bhips to be supplied with Tobacco, Duty free, with respect to the Drawbacks allowed by the said Ad on Wine shipped for the Ufe of Commifiioned Officers employed in His Majefty’s Naval Service; pro- umitation of vided that no greater Quantity of Wine shall be shipped in any One Quantity of Year for the Ufe of any Marine Officer or Person serving as such Wine, under the Authority of this Ad, than is allowed to a Lieutenant employed in His Majefty’s Naval Service under the said recited Ad 5 but any less Quantity of Wine than Half a Tun may be shipped for the Ufe 0? such Officer of the Royal Marines, or Person ading

as

lofi	c. 44,45,46.	530 GEO, III. 4.®* 1813^

such, and the Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms and Excif* may be allowed thereon, provided the fame is duly and regularly Hupped according to the Direftions of the said Ad of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefeat Majesty.

CAP. XLV.

An Aft for repealing Two Afts which prohibit the Exporta* tion of Brafs and other Metal from England.

[3,1ft May 1813-]

*	TT7HEREAS it appears no longer necefiary or proper to coo-4 YV tinue the Prohibition on the Exportation of Brafs,’Copper

l* H.8. c7.	* and °*her Metals contained in an Ad parted in the Thirty third

0	#	* Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AQ for

4 Conveyance of Brafs, Latten and Bell Metal over the Sea ; and in an %k 3E.6.C.37 .4 Ad pafTed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of King 4 Edward the Sixth, intituled An A3 agalnjl the carrying of Bell ‘ Metal out of the Realm ; and therefore that the said Ads fhojuld 4 be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, sspstUd.	and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pa fling of

this Ad, the said Two Ads, and every thing therein contained, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

[&* 5 8c 6 IV. & M. c. 17. §2. as to Exportation of Mundsck Metal.']

CAP. XL VI.

/An Aft for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade of Ireland.	[21ft May 1813.]

5*G. j. 1.134* 4 *TTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the last Session of Parliament, * X4‘	• W intituled An AS for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade

4 in Ireland, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that no Person 4 shall fell or expole to Sale any Cafk or Caiks within any Cities or

*	Liberties thereof. Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market 4 Town, for packing of Butter for Sale or Export, or shall make up 4 or pack any Butter in any Cafk or Caiks to be exposed to Sale, 4 or for Export in such City, Town Corporate or Market Town, 4 or Place of Export, unless such Caik or Cafks be made of good 4 seasoned white Oik or Afh, Sycamore or Beech (whereof no Part 4 to be of Bog Timber!, and shall be full bound and made tight, so f th?jt each Calk shall hold Pickle, with Head and Bottom eqiudly 4 dopled* and fet to the Cross with good and fufficieni Hoops on each ,4 Calk s And whereas the said Provi(ion hath not been found fully

*	(ufficient for the Purpofes thereby intended ;’ Be it therefore enacted ky the Ring’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cojifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Ijp'ateL present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That (0 much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame New Regulation* hereby repealed ; and that, from and after the parting of this Aft, for making C^lks	no Pcrfoji shall fell or expose to Sale any Caik or Caiks within any

or^packmgof	City Qr Ljbertjeg thereof.	Town, Corporate, Place of Export or

e ’	Market Town# in Ireland*	for packing of Butter for Sale or Export

or shall make up or pack	any Butter in any Caik or Cafks to be

expofed

C^

expofed to Sale, or for Export, in such City, Town Corporate or Market Town or Place of Export, unless fnch Cafk or Ca/ks be made of good seasoned Oak or Afh, Sycamore or Beech (whereof no Part to be of Bog Timber), and shall be full bound and made tight, so that each Calk shall hold Pickle, with Head and Bottom equally dooled and fet to the Cross, with good and sufficient Hoops on each Calk, all well twigged with good fresh Ofier Twigs; and that every Person who shall (ell or expose to Sale any Cade or Cafks for packing x>f Butter for Sale or Export, within any City or Liberties thereof.

Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town in Ireland, made otherwise than as herein directed, or who shall make up or pack any Butter to be exposed to Sale, or for Export, within any such City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town^ in any Ca(k or Caflo made otherwise than as herein directed, being thereof duly convicted in manner required by the said recited Ad,

shall forfeit and incur such Penalties as by the said recited Act are in Aided and imposed upon Persons so felling or exposing to Sale any Cafk or Ca(ks for packing Butter made otherwise than as in the said recited Ad is directed, or so making up or packing any Butter to be exposed to Sale or for Export, in any Ca(k or Calks made other-wife than as in the said recited Ad is directed, and as if the said .Calks had in and by the said recited Ad been directed to be made is such manner as is directed by this present Ad.

* II. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Ad of the last 5*	$•	c.

9 Scffion of Parliament, enacted, that whenever any Butter, made ip §3*-

*	Ireland, shall at any time, after the Commencement of the said re<-•cited Ad, be imported into any Port of Great Britain, it shall and •may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms of such Port of Importation, to learcli and examine the Cafks in which fuch

4 Butter shall be paeked; and in case any Butter so imported shall be 4 packed in any Calk or Cafks not authorized by the said Ad, or in

*	auy manner contrary to the Diredions of the said Ad, such Butter

*	and Calks in which the fame shall be imported shall be forfeited, and 4 may be seized by such Officer of the Cuftoms, and he is by the faid

*	Ad authorized and empowered to seize the fame accordingly ; and

*	One Half of the Value of the Butter so forfeited and seized shall 4 go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Half

*	to the OJScer to feiziog the fame ; and such Forfeiture shall and may 4 be recovered by all such ways and means in like manner as any For-4 feiture may be recovered under any Ad or Ads relating to the Cuf-

*	toms in force in Great Britain : And whereas the Execution of the

*	(iud recited Provifion may in certain cases become very inconvenient 4 and prejudicialBe it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing ol this Ad, so much of the said Ad as is immediately hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and shall be of repealed, so Force or Effed whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Ad notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any former Butter conveyed Ad contained shall extend to oblige the Proprietor of any Butter con- to Waterford for veyed by Inland Navigation to the Port of Waterford, for Shipment Shipment, in there, to subject such Butter to Infpedion and Branding at the fLJ{e^le °a Weigh-houfe of the City of Waterford; provided always, that such Butter shall have already undergone Examination, and been duly proved and branded according to Law, at some other of the Weigh-houfes

legally

ProvifioDs of re-

citedAd refped-ng Shipment of Calks not to commence till 5th July.

Ad repealed,

Icc.

legally established in the Market Town where the said Butter was first exposed to Sale, and that the Brand so affixed and defignating the Quality and Quantity thereof and Place of Branding ftiil remains, without being effaced or obliterated, at the time of Shipment of such Butter from the Port of Waterford.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Provifions of the herenibefore recited Ad of the last Seflion of Parliament, as reaped the Shipment of Butter except in Caflcs of the Size and De-(cription therein specified from any of the Ports of Ireland, shall not commence their Operation or take Effed until the Fifth Day of July next ensuing after the palling of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be passed in this present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XL VI I.

An Aft to empower the Officers of His Majefly’s Cuftoms to take Bonds from Persons under Twenty one Years of Age, serving as Mates on board of Merchant Veflels.

[21ft May 1813.]

'	• YY7HEREAS it is expedient to allow the Officers of His Ma-

1 VV jetty’s Cuftoms to take Bonds from Persons appointed to 1 serve as Mates on board of British Vefleis, although such Perfons

•	may not have attained the Age of Twenty one Years, in order to

*	enable Owners of Veflels to employ any Persons fully competent to

•	the Duty of Mates although under Twenty one Years of Age,

*	who cannot now be so employed on board Britifb Veflels May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Bonds taken	the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it shall be

from Perfons	lawful for the Colledor or other principal Officer of the Cuftoms in

<»1bw?ofIlte# any P°rt	Great Britain, and they are nereby required to take fuch

Merchant . and the like 'Bonds as have heretofore been given and executed by Veflels if they	Mates of Britifb Merchant Vefleis, from any Person appointed to ferve

have attained	as Mate on board of any Britifb Merchant Veflel who shall have at-

ihe Age of *8. tained the Age of Eighteen Years, and all such Bonds shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofesin Law and Equity, as if the Persons executing the fame had attained the full Age of Twenty one Years 5 any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Ulage or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Aft to amend the Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.	[21ft May .1813.]

49 0.3 c. xao.

125-

•	YT7 HEREAS by an Ad patted in the Forty ninth Year of ‘ VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for amending

• and reducing into One A8 of Parliament, the Laws for raising and 4 training the Militia of Ireland; it was, amongst other things, enacted,

1 that no Person who after the Commencement of the said Ad should 4 be appointed Paymafter in the (aid Militia, should be capable of 4 holding any Commiffion in the laid Militia, save the Commiffion of

« Pay-

A.D'i8i3*

530 GEO. m.

C.48.

209

4 Paymafter ; and that no Officer holding any Commiffion in the 4 said Militia fhculd be capable of being appointed Paymaster: And 4 whereas the said Provilions have been found inconvenient Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, after the passing of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Paymafter in the said Militia to hold the Commiffion of a Subaltern Officer in the said Militia together with the Commiffion of Paymaster, and that any Officer holding the Commiffion of a Subaltern Officer in the said Militia shall be capable of being appointed Paymafter therein ; any thing in the said recited Ad or any other Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And whereas by the said recited Adit is also, amongst other things, provided, that if it shall happen in any case that the Number of Militia Men duly appointed, or to be appointed to be raised for any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, shall not be raised within Three Calendar Months from and after the time when the fame ought to be raised by Bailot, or within Four Months from the Date of the Order for railing the fame by enrolling Volunteers, then and in every such case the County or County of a City or Town, in which such Number of Militia Men ought to be raised, shall be charged with the Payment of the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man so deficient; and upon Proof on Oath first laid by any Governor or Deputy Governor of such Deficiency before the Judge of Afsize, or in the County or City of Dublin, before the Court of King’s Bench, it shall be lawful for such Judge of Affize and such Court, and they are thereby re-fpedively required, to fine the County or County of a City or Town, or such Diftrid, Baronies or Barony, or Parilh or Parfthes thereof, in which such Negled shall happen, in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Private Man so deficient, and to repeat the fame Fine annually so long as the said Deficiency shall continue; which Fine or Fine^Jhall be eftreated into His Maiefty’s Exchequer, and issued in the Process, and shall be duly levied by the Sheriff or other Officers respectively, to whom such Procefs shall be diredea respectively 5 and it shall not be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of Reducement, on any account, to take off, release or reduce such Fine or Fines, or any Parts thereof s And whereas the said Mode of railing the Amount of the said Fines is inconvenient;’ Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad as relates to the eftreating of such Fines, and issuing of such Process, and levying the fame, (nail, as to all such Fines to be imposed after the passing of this Ad, (land and be repealed ; and that, from and after the passing of this Ad, all Fines so to be imposed shall be levied by and under the Warrant of the Treasurer of the County, in the fame manner in all respects as County Preferments are or shall from time to time be levied in Ireland, and every Rich Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to issue such Warrant for the feme accoraingly 2 Provided always nevertheless, that such Fines when so levied (hail be paid and disposed of in all respects in manner by the said recited Ad directed.

III. And whereas Doubts may be entertained as to the Amount of the Bounty payable in certain cases on railing Volunteers for the 53 Gso. III.	P	Militia

Paymailen may hold Subalterns Commiflkras.

49 G. 3 c. I as. §141.

repealed. Such Fines levied under Warrant of Treasurer of County as County Prt-fentmsnu

C. 48.

JfiWJ'1

, 1

I !Sw

2 Ip

Amount of Bounty to Militia Men; and hy whom to be p.:iJ.

49 G. 3. f.UO. < raj.

53'GEO. III.

A.D.1813;

In what case Fine* not to extend to Deficiencies in Volunteering for originally augmenting Regiments, or for supplying Vacancies in augmented Numbers.

Colonels may , apply Bourn v tor U o of Mil.la Men, under Older* of Lord Lieutenant.

Militia in Ireland\ and by whom and in what Proportions such Bounty ought by Law to be paid ; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That in all cases where any Man or Men shall be raised in Ireland for the Mibtia, by volunteering, whether at the forming of any Regiment or augmenting the fame, or for supplying any Vacancies in any Regiment, whether augmented or not, the Bounty for every such Volunteer shall be such Sum not exceeding the average Price of a Subfiitute, to be ascertained respectively in manner in the said Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His Majelly’s Reign directed, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall from time to time direct, and such Sums shall be advanced and paid respectively in manner here following; that is to fay, the Bounty on the original Augmentation of any Regiment shall be paid altogether out of His Majefty’i Treasury in Ireland; the Bounty on volunteering to supply Vacancies in augmented Regiments shall be advanced out of the said Treafuiy, and Seven Tenths thereof be repaid by the respective Comities, and the Refidue (hail be charged to the Confolidated Fund ; in all other cases, the whole Bounty shall be advanced out of the said Treasury, and repaid by the respective Counties; all which Sums are to be over and above and distinct from the Marching Guinea, and the further Sums to be advanced for the procuring and enrolling such Volunteers as in the said Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign is directed ; Provided always, that when the Militia Men in any augmented Regiment shall have been apportioned in manner di reded by the said last recited Ad, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct, that the original Efiablifhment of such Regiment shall be filled up by Bailot, then the County for tilling up the augmented Number shall be paid altogether out of His Majelly’s Treasury in Ireland.

IV. Provided aifo, and be it further enacted, That the Fines of Ten Pounds annually to be imposed on the respective Counties for Men remaining deficient as aforesaid, shall not extend, nor be con-ftrued to extend to, nor be imposed for any Deficiency in volunteering for th? original Augmentation of any Regiment, nor for the supplying of any Vacancies in the augmented Numbers of any Regiment where the original Quota of such Regiment shall have been or shall be apportioned among the several Parilhes and Difirids iu manner directed by the said recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct that the Vacancies in such original E(labli(hment (hail be supplied by Bailot, but shall extend and be con-ftrued to extend to Deficiencies in railing Men by volunteering for 0$ upon any other of the Purpofes or Occafions aforesaid.

- ? V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Colonel* or Commanding Officers of Militia to pay or apply the Bounty of each Volunteer, or to cause the fame to be paid or applied to the Ufe of every such Volunteer, at such times and Places, and in such Proportions, as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such manner, and under and subject to such Regulations * and Reftri&ions, as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall, by any Order of his or their Chief Secretary, by any Regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pleased to order or direct.

‘ VI. Aud

~v

AJ).i8i3"	$3* GEO. HI.	C. 48,49.	ill

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors empowered to of Ireland, whenever he or they shall think proper so to do, to order	[mems"1*

that any augmented Regiment or Regiments of the said Militia, e cSiroen s* raised or to be railed in Ireland, shall be reduced to its original Eftablifoment ; and thereupon such Regiment shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be and remain as if the fame had never been augmented, unless and until the fame shall be again augmented according to Law ; and from the Date of such Order, all and every Officer, Non Com-miffioned Officer and Private in any such Regiment, over and above the original EllablHhment thereof, foall be Supernumeraries, and shall succeed, according to their Order and respective Ranks, to the first Vacancies that foall occur in such Regiments respectively.

CAP. XLIX.

An A£t to explain and amend an A&, pafied in the Seventh and Eight Years of the Reign of the late King William, as far as relates to the splitting and dividing the Intereft in Houfes and Lands among several Persons to enable them to vote at Ele&ions of Members to serve in Parliament.

[2lft May 1813.]

*	\T7HEREAS by an A& of Parliament made in the Seventh 7*8 W>.c.25.

*	W Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William	J

*	the Third, intituled Ah AH for the further regulating Eledions of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing irregular Pro-

1 ceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such 4 Members, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That all Convey- $ 7*

4 ance* of any Mefiuages, Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments, in

4 any County, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Port or Place, in

4 order to multiply Voices, or to split and divide the Intereft in any

4 Houfes or Lands amongst several Perfuns to enable them to vote

4 at Eledions of Members to serve in Parliament, foall be void and

4 of none Effed : And whereas Doubts have been entertained

4 whether Devifes by Will made in such cases, and for such Pur-

4 poles, are within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Ad

Be it enacted and declared by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty,

by and .with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer.t Parliament afTembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That all Devifes by Will made in Devifes by Will

Inch cases and for such Purposes as by the said Ad are hereinbefore for fplitting

described, are and foall be taken to be Conveyances within the true Vole**

Intent and Meaning of the said Ad, as if the fame had been therein specially mentioned : Provided always, that this Ad fodll not revoke or defeat or be construed to revoke or defeat any Part of any Will iu which is comprised any Devife or Devifes which is or are hereby declared void, other than or beyond the Devife or Devifes made void By this Ad.	x

1 II. And whereas divers Freehold Eftates may have been here- Certain Devifes 4 tofore acquired under such Devifes as are hereby declared to be not affected.

' toid, the Poffeffion of which Freehold Eftates it may nevertheless * be expedient to quiet and protect Be it therefore further enacted,

P 2	That

212

5»G. j. t. 7,

Articles allowed to be imported into and exported from Saint George In lerrauda, may he imported into and exported from Port Hamilton.

28 G. 3. e.6.

No Stamp Duty piyable on Receipts for Peo-fions to Widows ef Officers.

C.49, 50, 51.	53°	GEO.ID.	A.D.i8i3.

That nothing herein declared shall extend to or affect any Devife made by any Teftator or Teftatrix whose Death took place Twenty Year* before the palling of this Ad.

CAP. L.

An AGt for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles at the Ifland of Bermuda.

[21ft May 1813 ]

*	YT7HEREAS it appears expedient, that the Trade which is c VV permitted to be carried on at the Port of Saint George in

*	the Ifland of Bermuda by an Ad palled in the lad Seflion of Par-

*	liament, intituled An Ad to allow British Plantation Sugar and 4 Coffee imported into Bermuda in British Ships to he exported to the 4 Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or 4 Veffels, and to permit Articles the Produdion of the said United States f to be imported into the said Ifland in Foreign Ships or Veffels, Ihould 1 be permitted at the Port of Hamilton in the said Ifland Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aHembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all such Article* as may be imported into the Port of Saint George in the Ifland of Bermuda, and all such Articles as may be exported from the said Port by virtue of the said A61, shall and may be refpe£lively imported into and exported from the Port of Hamilton in the said Istand, in like manner, and in none other, as is permitted by the said A£l; any thing in the Ad passed in the Twenty eighth Year of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An Ad for regulating the Trade between the Suljeds of His Majejly9s Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India IJlandsy and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majejly9s said Suhjeds, and the Foreign IJlands in the West Indies, or m any other Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LI.

An Ad to relieve the Widows of Military Officers from the Payment of Stamp Duties on the Receipt of their Penfions in Ireland.	[21ft	May	1813.]

* \ T7HEREAS the Penlions of the Widow* of Officer* of Hi* 4 V V Majefty’s Land Foroes, payable in Ireland, are barely fuffi-4 cient for their decent Maintenance;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the lame. That, from and after the pafling of this Ad, no Stamp Duty Audi be payable on any Receipts for any Sum of Money paid for or on account of any such Penfion, notwithstanding any Ad or Ads of Parliament heretofore made, or any Ad or Ads which shall be hereafter made, unless the contrary Ihall be expressly provided therein.

CAP.

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

C. 52.

*13

CAP. LII.

An AQ. to encourage the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, and to permit the Warehoufmg of such Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon.

[21ft May 1813.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Diilillation of 4 W Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, and to permit the fame to 4 be warehoused without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable 4 on such Spirits;' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Mode of charg-and after the Monday Week next after the puffing of this Adt, in »nt5 Wa,h> &c. lieu and inltead of the Charges under any Act or Acts in force in Proc^uce<* fronJ Ireland, at the time of the palling of this Act, on any Decreafe of “'us*r Walh produced from Sugar, or on any Decreafe of Low Wines or Singlings produced from such Walh, the Officer of Excife keeping an Account of Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in the Diftillery of any Diltiller in Ireland, shall, on any Decreafe of Walh produced from Sugar, charge the Diltiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Walh so decreased, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Walh ; and upon any Decreafe of Low Wines or Singlings produced from any such Walh, such Officer shall charge the Diltiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Four Gallons of Low Wines or Singlings so decreased, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings, and such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantity of Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Diltiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Diltiller in Ireland shall Spirits exceeding make, diltil, extract or produce any Quantity of Spirits, exceeding Proportion here-the Proportion of Eighteen Gallons and a Half for every One ,j"^aennExcIret,> hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh brewed or made from Sugar as Duty of 3s. 8d. aforesaid, or exceeding the Proportion of Two Gallons of Spirits per Gallon for for every Four Gallons of Low Wines or Singlings decreased, every Exief<* such Diltiller shall be charged with and shall pay the Excife Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid ; that is to fay, at and after the Rate of Three Shillings and Eight pence for every Gallon of such Excess; and such Excefs shall be charged, and the Duty thereon paid, in like manner and under the like Rules and Regulations as the Duties of Excife on all Spirits made by any Dittiller, or for which any Diltiller is by Law chargeable, are charged and paid; Provided always, that no such Excefs shall be Pro\ifo. charged with any higher or greater Rate of Duty of Excife in the whole, than after the Rate of Three Shillings and Eight pence for

every UaJlon ot lucti bpmts.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any Diltiller in Ire- Notice given to land shall receive or take into his Cultody or Polfeflion any Sugar Officer Wore for Diilillation into Spirits, such Diltiller shall give to the Surveyor Sugar received or Guager in Charge of the Diltillery of such Diltiller, Twenty or delivered out. four Hours Notice in Writing, specifying the true Quantity of Sugar

P 3	intended

Gock,

,J2.

53’ GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Penalty.

Notice siren by Diftillci ofln-tention to break down S igar for Diftillation.

Penalty.

Mode (i charging Dili iller, and Allowance to be made Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of Diftillery.

intended to be so received or takefi in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Person* from whom such Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be so received or taken in ; and if any Diftiller shall have Occafion to fell or fend out any Sugar, every such Diftiller shall in like manner give to the Surveyor or Gauger of his Diftillery Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, of his Intention to fend out such Sugar, and shall specify in every such Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be sent out, and the time when such Sugar is intended to be sent out or delivered, and the Name of the Person to whom and the Place to which such Sugar is intended to be sent; and if any Diftiller shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall take or receive into or fend or deliver out of his Cuftody or Poffeffion any Sugar, without having given such previous Notice in Writing as aforesaid, every such Diftiller shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Diftiller shall intend to break down any Sugar for the Purpofe of Diftillation, such Diftiller shall, Four Hours at least before so breaking down such Sugar, give Notice to the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery of such Diitiller (by an Entry to be made in a Book to be provided by such Officer for such Distiller, and to be carefully kept in such Diftillery) of the Day and Hour when such Diftiller so intends to break down such Sugar, and the Quantity of Sugar intended to be then broken down, and also the time when the breaking down of such Sugar will be completed; and if any such Diftiller shall intend to make any second Ufe of the fame Materials with any Addition thereto of any further Quantity of Sugar, such Diftiller shall give a like Notice, and such Book shall be carefully kept by such Distiller, and shall, within Forty eight Hours after the Expiration of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, be delivered with the Entries thereon by such Diftiller to such Officer; and in case any Sugar shall be broken down by any Diftiller for the Purpofe of Diftillation, without such Notice being given by Entry to be made in such Book, all such Wafh made from such Sugar shall be forfeited and may lie seized, and such Diftiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

V.	And be it further ena£ted, That whenever any Diftiller in Ireland over and above the respective Quantities of Spirits for which such Diftiller is chargeable by Law, in respect of each and every Still according to the Content thereof, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each such Still, for any Period Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, shall also be charged with and shall pay the full Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates eftablidted by Law from all Pot Ale, Wa(h, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Diftiller shall have actually diftilied within fuen Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, then and in such case it shall ami may be lawful for the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Diftillery of such Distiller, kor otheri Officer of Excife making such Charge on such Distiller, to be paid and allowed and to receive as a Recompence far the Performance of their Duty, any such Sum being a Proportion of such Duty, for such further Quantity of Spirits charged on and paid by such Diftiller as the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes shall by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord

High

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, think proper to order and direct; and such Sum shall be paid to such Officers, or any of them, at such time and in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Cora-miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, by and with such Content as aforesaid, shall from time to time order, direct and appoint.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Diftiller shall, at any time after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, have been charged with Duty for any Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Sugar Wafh decreased, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland (by and with the Content and Approbation, and according to the Directions of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer), to make such. Allowance to (uch Diftiller as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable in respect of any such Charge, in such manner and ui der such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall think fit: Provided always, that no such Allowance shall be granted so as to make any Diftiller chargeable with less than Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh so decreased, nor to affect or prevent the Payment of the full Duty payable on all Spirits actually distilled by fudh Diftiller.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That, frorti and after the passing of this Ad it shall and may be lawful for every Diftiller or Maker of Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, who is or shall be licenced to keep a StiH of any* Content whatever, to warehonfe such Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, in any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores in any Port in Ireland in which, or inf tbeDlftrid therein such Port shall be (ituated, such Still shall be licenced by the Commissioners of Inland Excite and Taxes in hekssid, or in any of His MajeftyV Warehoufes or Stores at such dther Places in Ireland a* the Commiffioners'of 1 bland Excife and Taxes, by and With the Content of the Lord High Treasurer of /Hrtakd or the Commissioners for executing th£ said Office of Lord Higb Treasurer, (h&H difed and appoint 5 under abd subject neverthe-kfc to all the Rules and Regulations, Reftridions, Provilions, Petal ties and Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof provided, mentioned ahd contained in an Ad made in the last Session or Partiamfeto, intituled dn A3 to provide fot regulating the Warehoufing Spirits drilled from Corn /b lrelartd fot Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, and to transfer the Cu/hdy of Spirits so vourehoufed from the Commissioners of Cu/loms and Port Duties in Ireland and their Officers, to the Commissioners oj Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland and their Officers, or in arty other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, at or immediately before the paffiog of this Ad, with respect to the warehoufing of any Spirits, and to the Exportation of the fame, or to the taking of the fame out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption ; and that all such Rules, Regulations, Reftridion9, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be applied and put in practice, with respect to the warehoufing of Spirits distilled from Sugar in Ireland in Stills of any Content whatever, and to the Exportation thereof, and to the taking thereof

P 4	om

Allowance made Diltillers in certain case*.

Provilo.

Spirit* ware-houfed without Payment of Duty.

S2 G. 3. c. 30.

A\6

C.j*.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.i8i3»

51G.3-c.61,

§5.

A& nst to sflfeA former AOs unleu where hereby altered.

out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been expressly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland of such Spirits which shall be so warehoused in Ireland, and exported from Warehouse, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two pence, as is mentioned and expressed, in such case, in an Adi made in the last Seflion of Parlia xnent, intituled An Aft to grant an Exeife Duty on Spirits mads or dijlilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Diliillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Exeife Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof \ under the Regulations and Provifions in the said recited Adi contained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be deemed or coniirued to extend, to repeal or alter any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Adi, relating to the distilling or making Spirits in Ireland, or any of the Claufes or Provifoes therein, save and except so far as any such Ad or Adis, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted are expressly repealed, revoked or altered by this present Ad, or are repugnant to any of the Provifions therein contained$ but that all and singular the said former Adis, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed pr provided, for any Breach or Non-obfervance of the fame (except as atorefaidj, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effed as if this Aa had not been made; any thing herein to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Adi shall be lued for, recovered and applied in the fame manner, and under such Powers and Authorities as are appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Adi made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for the settling of the Exctfe or new ImpoR upon His Maiefy, bis Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Irelaad% relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Exeife, or either of them# as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame # where herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal 4 to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second^ or any other Ad or Ads as aforesaid is provided.

AA literal, &c. IX. And be it further enacted, That this Ad maybe altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Selfion of Parliament.

14 A15 Car. *. (I.) Sett*. 4. c. 8.

Appeal.

CAP.

CAP. LIII.

An AGt for raising a further Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain, and for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, and for amending an A Gt of this DefCon of Parliament for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Debentures.	[21ft	May	1813.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 IT/’E, Your Majedy's moil dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the 4 * * Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament afiembled,

4 being desirous to raise the neceflfary Supplies which we have cheer-4 fully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, and

*	making Provifion to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in

*	certain Exchequer Bills, now outstanding, not exceeding the

*	Amount of Six Millions Sterling, have resolved, that a Sum

*	not exceeding Three Millions be raised by Debentures, and that

*	all Persons interelted in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills,

4 fhcmld be entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein,

4 to fnch Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, 4 fubfedk to the Provifions of this A&We Your Majefty's mod faithful Commons, do therefore mod humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Three Millions, who fhaB on or before the Sixth Day of May One thouSand eight hundred and thirteen have made a Depofit of Fifteen Pounds per Ceniwm on such Sum as he or (he shall choose to subscribe with the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to a Debenture of the Description hereinafter mentioned.

IL And be it further enacted, That every Person intended in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bills, dated between the Fird Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve and the Thirty fird Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, both xodufive, who shall on or before the Sixth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen have made a Depofit of Fifteen Pounds ter Cenhm as aforesaid, shall for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid be entitled to a like Debenture, and shall receive from the Chief Cafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England a Certificate to the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, which Certificate shall date numerically the Order in which such Subfcrip-tioos shall be made, and the Amount thereof, which shall entitle such Person to deliver in such Bills to the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, oa the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in the like Order, to the Amount of Double the Sum subscribed by such Person for such Debentures.

HI. And be it further enacted. That the several Persons who, in porfuance of a Resolution of the House of Commous of the Fird Day of Afril One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bilk to the Amount of

Twelve

Contributors making Depofit entitled to Debenture*

Entitled to Exchequer Bilk to have Debentures in like manner.

Further time allowed for fub-feribin* Exchequer Bilk.

2 l8

t’ jflTefTed of Debentures may deliver in Exchequer Bills to Double the Amount.

After a certain Period other Persons may deliver in Exchequer Bills.

Delivering in Exchequer Bills entitled to certain Stock and Intsraft

wifo.

Guardians may deliver up Bills so Benefit of Infants, who fh H be entitled to Annuities.

C.53.	53° GEO. III.	A.D.r8i3.

Twelve Millions, applied to the said Paymafters to subscribe their Exchequer Bill* and received Tickets from the said Paymasters, bnt who were not at that time permitted to subscribe the fame, in confe-quence of the Sum authorized to be funded by the said Refolution having been completed, /hall and may be permitted to deliver in to the said Paymasters, on the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Exchequer Bills of the Defcription before mentioned, not exceeding the Amount then proposed to have been subscribed by such Persons respectively.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who fhali be po/Te/Ted of Debentures or Receipts for Debentures subscribed for as aforesaid, under the said Resolution of the House of Commons of the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, /hall and may deliver in to the said Paymasters, on the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Exchequer BiRs of the Defcriptions before mentioned* to Double the Amount of the Sums contained in such Debentures or Receipts for Debenture* at aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case Exchequer Bills, dated within the Periods before mentioned, to the Amount of Six Millions, /hall not be delivered in to the said Paymafters by the different Defcriptions of Persons before mentioned, on the Seventh and Eighth Day of May as aforesaid, any other Persons /hall and may, on the Eleventh Day of the said Month, deliver in any Exchequer Bills of the Defcriptions before mentioned, to complete the said Sum of Six Millions.

VL And be it further enacted, That every Person so delivering in such Exchequer Bills /hall be paid the Intereft that /hall have become due thereupon to the Twenty sixth Day of May One tboo-fand eight hundred and thirteen, in Money, as soon thereafter as can conveniently be done, and shall have in Exchange for such Exchequer Bills, from such Paymasters, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expreflmg the Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bittt, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and thirty nine Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, for each One hundred Pounds contained in foeh last mentioned Certificates, and so in Proportion for anjr greater Sum; and that all Persons interested in or entitled urtto tuch Exchequer Bills as aforesaid /hall, by having delivered the farfte on the respective Days aforesaid into the said Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills* be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Term*; which said Annuities /hall be {paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Att, /haH not exceed the Sum of Six Millions Sterling.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Infant or Itifantsihall have become entitled to any of the said Bills, in such case the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Trustees, of such Infant or Infants shall or may, and he, /he or they is or are hereby empowered, for the Benefit of such Infant or Infants, to deliver up the

fame

A.Dii8ij»

53° GECX HI,

219

fame to such Paymafter of Exchequer Bills; and facb Infant or Infants* upon such Guardian or Guardians* Truftee or Trustees debveriag up such Bill or Bdls, shall be entitled to such Certificates as, aforesaid, and shall alfb be entitled to the Annuities as aforesaid, as fully as any other Person or Persons whatever; and the said Guardian or Guardians* Truftee or Trustees, shall be discharged from the fame, so as the Name of such Infant or Infants be expressed in such Certificate or Certificates ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Exchequer ^ to and for the proper Officer or Officers* at the Office of the Pay-traders of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive chem^e/lHls^n from all and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies granting Certi-Pafitkror Corporate, who is, are or shall be possessed of, interested in ficates. or entitled unto any such Exchequer Bills, all the said Exchequer Bids, to the Amount of Six Millions Sterling, as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, on the respective Days aforesaid, have delivered to such Officer or Officers; and the said Paymaftera of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intered that shall have become dm thereupon to the said Twenty sixth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and to make forth and (ign the Certificates herein dine&ed to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained m the said Bills, and to deliver the fame to the Parties entitled thereto as (bon after the passing of this A& as conveniently can be done; and the said Pavmaftcrs of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of such Certificates.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Certificate* to Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered any *nt,tk t0 certain such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such nnu,uc#* Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the Principal Sums con-

.taioed in such Bill or Bills, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pbands contained therein, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum, hare and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned which shall be in lieu of such Exchequer Bills, and the Annuities thereon shall be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on the Tenth Day of* 0Bober and Fifth Day of ^dpril in every Year; the First Payment to become due on the Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

X.	And be it farther enacted. That all Persons and Corporations Annuities deera-

enthled to anyiof the Annuities hereby granted, and his, her and	ona

their f Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Afligns refpc&ively, and all

Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them,

shall have good, lure, abfolnte and indefeasible Eftates and Interefts in * t

the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this

Ad, until the Redemption thereof in the manner herein directed;

sod shall be poffitfled thereof as of a Pcrfonal Estate, which shall not Foreign Ausch-

be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by menu

the Cuftom of London, or otherwise ; any< Law, Cuftom or Ufage to

the cootrary notwithstanding.

XI. And

220

Annuities payable out of Con-foliduted Fund.

Certificates af-(ignable before Aug. i, 1^13.

B.ir.k on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for Capital Stock therein mentioned; which Stock may ke transfer red.

Dtpofit m ade.

Times of Payment of Sub-fcription.

XT. And be it farther enacted, That all the Annuities hereby granted shall he charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or refenringr sufficient to pay all fach Sums of Money as have been directed b jr any former AA or A6U of Parliament; and shall be subject to Re-demption by Parliament, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all such Certificates as

be delivered in manner hereinbefore mentioned, shall be assignable by lndorfement thereupon, made at any time before the First Day oF August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and no longer; and no such Certificate or Aflignment thereupon shall be charged witH any Stamp Duties whatever.

XIII.	And he it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England'* and their SuccefTors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the X)ire£tions of this AA 5 and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in refae& of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in Pro* portion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpose, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, in the said Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whole Credit such Capital Stock shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and the said Governor and Company for the time being shall also, on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books first hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Hi» Majefty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV.	And he it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have subscribed for Debentures as aforesaid, to make a DcpoGt of Fifteen Pounds per Centum in manner hereinbefore mentioned, on such Sum as he or (he shall so choose to subscribe, with the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cafhier or Cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Subfcriptions or Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had on that behalf), as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times, and in the Proportions hereinafter limited and appointed in that behalf; that is to fay. Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the Twenty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; the further Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the Eighteenth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum* on or before the Sixteenth Day of July then next following;

the

221

AJX1813.

53 GEO. III.

the further Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty seventh Day of Augufl then next following; the further Sucn of Ten Pounds ter Centum, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of September tnen next following 5 and the remaining Si*m of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of OSober then next following.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Guardian* may for any Guardian or Truflee having the Difpofition of the Money of contribute fa any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards the Purchafe of ,n an$" ,

the laid Debentures; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Truilee, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Adi, and be entitled to have and receive the said Debentures, Advantages and Payments in rcfpe& thereof, in such and the like manner as any other Contributor; ana the said Guardian and Truilee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advaneed, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be exprefied in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Contributor, paying Contributors

ia the Whole of the Sums by them respectively subscribed as aforefaia, paying Subfcriy.

for the Purchafe of Debentures, at any time on or before the Twenty tions on or be-

third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall fore Sept.

be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Intered of each

Sum so paid in Advance for completing his, her or their Contribution

refpedlively shall amount unto, after the Rate of Four Pounds per

Centum per Annum, from the Day of completing the fame to the

Twenty ninth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and

thirteen, which Allowance is to be paid by the said Caffiier or Cafhiers

out of the Money so contributed in pursuance of this Ad, as foon

as such rcfpe&ive Contributors, their Executors, Adminiflrators,

SuccelTors and Afsigns, shall have completed such Payment.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Debentures to be made Debentures t« forth under the Authority of this Ad or of any other Ad or Ads be of such Form made and passed, or to be made and palled during the present Sefiion of as Treasury Parliament, shall be prepared and made out at the Receipt of His

Majedy’s Exchequer, in such Method and Form as any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall think mod sese and convenient; and may contain one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies: Provided always, that every such Debenture which shall have been or may be ligned by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majedy’s Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person who shall have been or may be duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame, with the Approbation of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majedy’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, in Writing under their or his Hands; and that every such Authority shall be duly regidered in the Office from which such Debentures are to be issued, tad Notice thereof publiffied in the London Ganette before any Debenture Ggned by virtue of such Authority shall be put into Circulation.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every such Contributor AntejC>4X. under this Adi, or under the Adi passed in the present Session of Contributors en-Parbament, intituled An AS for granting Annuities to Jatisfy certain ritled to receive Exchequer Bills ; and for raising a Sum of Money by Debentures for Debentures

)ogle

rest of 5 per Cent.

When De '. n ture.. ; --'i oft

Manner of dif-chargieg Debentures.

As Toon as Subfir ijtious com-

C.53.	53*GEO. HI.	A.D.iSij*

the Service of Great Britain, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftra-tors or Amgns,. shall for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid at the Bank of England, on producing a Certificate from the Cafhier or Carriers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, that such Payment hath been completed, be entitled to have and receive from the. said Auditor a Debenture for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, bearing Date on the Fifth Day of April One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen, transferable by Indorfement, and carrying an Intereft at the Rate of Five pounds per Centum per Annum> payable to the Bearer thereof Half-yearly, at the Bank of England, on the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fifth Day of April in every Year, the First Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and the Principal Sums contained in such Debentures shall be payable in Money at the Office of the said Auditor, and Intereft thereon shall cease on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or on the Fifth Day of April in any fncceeding Year during the Continuance of the War, on the Parties entitled to the fame giving Three Calendar Months previous Notice in Writing at the Office of the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, of their Intention to receive such Money, or shall be paid in Money, and the Intereft shall cease on the Fifth Day of April next succeeding Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace : Provided always, that the Persons possessed of or entitled to any such Debentures, or any Debenture made out or to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Afct, shall and may have the Option at the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of OSober in any Year until the fame shall be payable, on giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Chief Cafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of receiving for each One hundred Pounds Principal Money contained in such Debentures, either the Sum of One hundred Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; or the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum ; or the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum ; which said rcfpe&ive Annuities shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by even and equal Portions; that is to fay, the said Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum and of Three Pounds per Centum, on the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fifth Day of April in every Year; the First Payment upon the said respective Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum and of Three Pounds per Centum shall become due on the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of OSober next after the time that such Debentures shall have been so converted into Stock; and the First Payment on the said Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall become due on the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July next before the time the said Debentures shall have been converted into Stock as aforesaid.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That as soon as any such Persons shall have declared their Intention of accepting any Capital

15	Stock

A.D.j8j3-	53°GEO.III.	C.	53.

Stock io either of the Annuities aforesaid in lieu of the said Debentures, fitch Capita] Stock shall forthwith be in the Books of the Bank of England placed to the Credit of such respective Persons ; and the Persons to whose Credit such Capital Stock shall be so pbced, their respective Executors, Adminiltrators, Succeflors and Afligns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Person.*, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, a9 soon as conveniently may be after such Option shall have been declared, to prepare proper Books for the Purpofe of entering the Names of all such Persons, ami of placing to their Credit the respective Capital Stocks as aforesaid ; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Stock to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof, in the Books of the said Bank of England ; and such Stocks shall carry the respective Annuities after the Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum ter Annum, as the case may be, redeemable by Parliament; asd shall respectively be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, until Redemption thereof, in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all Debentures to be made forth by virtue of the said recited A& and this A&, and all Aflign* meats thereof, shall be free from all Stamp Duties whatsoever,

XXJ. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this A&, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, shall from time to time appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office, in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cafhier or Cafliiers, and One other Person or Persons within the fame Office to be their Accountant General 5 and that so mqch of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Confolidatcd Fund, by this A& made * applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpe&jve Days of payment in this A& appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Caihier or Caftuers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, for the time being, by way of Impreft and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cafhier or Cafhiers, to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Courfe of the Exchequer.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant Genera) for the time being shall from time to time infpe& and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cafhier or Cafhiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence •t Delay.

XXIII.	And

223

pletci may bt transferred.

Debentures fret from Stamp Duty.

Exchequer to ifrue Money to Bank for Payment of Annuities.

Accountant General to examine Cafhiers* Accounts.

Cafhier to give Receipt for Subscriptions, •flignahle before Sept. 24> 1813.

Cafhier to give Security for paying Money into Exchequer.

A Book to be kept in Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributor* * Names. Duplicate transmitted to Auditor of Exchequer.

Annuities Tax free.

Subscriptions paid in Part and not received, forfeited.

C. 53.	530	GEO.	in.	A.D.1813.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall have received or shall receive* any Part of the said Contributions for Debentures as aforesaid, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums ; and that the Receipts to be given shall be assignable at any time before the Twenty fourth. Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer: Provided always, that such Cafhier or Cafhiers shall give Security to the good liking of any Three or more of the Com-miffioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain as after mentioned, for the Public Ufe, all the Monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time in respect of the said Debentures, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Tmft hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay-all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the fame, or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the fame, in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Courfe thereof, dedu&ing thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this K€t ; for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in the Office of Use Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books (kail be provided ana kept, in which the Names of the said Contributors shall be fairly entered; which Book or Books the said respective Con* tributors, their respective Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors and Afsigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and infped without any Fee or Cham; and that the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Annuities by the said Ad and this Ad granted shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impofitions whatsoever.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said Cafhier or Cafhiers any Sum or Sums of Money at the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors or Afsigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cafhier or Cafhiers the Refidue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Cafhier or Cafhiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Debentures in respect thereof shall be extmguifhed ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVII. And

t25

A.D.1813.

530 GEO. III.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tretfury may Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treaiury, or the High apply Money Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, to issue and apply &‘Jdhmt0 from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into xc e^tt#r’ the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Great Britain, by the

laid Cafluer or Cafhiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Debentures Exchequer Bills converted into Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum and Annuities far Annum, by virtue of this Ad, or intended so to be, shall be converted into deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and ^lve p.cf

shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities to Five per Cent, with and shall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner already eftab-as the Annuities carrying an Intereil after the Rate of Five Pounds liOied. per Centum per Annum, eltabliftied by the Ads of the Twenty fourth, 24 q , Scfl* ^ Twenty fiftn, Thirty fourth, and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of c.39.

His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Ads,'for granting 25 G. 3. c.3». Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Vidualling and Tranfport Bills, 34^.3.0.21. Ordnance Debentures and Exchequer Bills 5 and that all and every 33 G*3*c*3»» Person or Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Stock to which he, (he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Ad, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional Iotercft and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Debentures and Four per Cents. Exchequer Bills converted into Annuities after the Rate of Four added to the Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue of this Ad, or intended Four P*r Cents, so to be, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or

Joist Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, into which the several Sums carrying an Intereft after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were, by Two Ada made in the Twentieth and 20 G. 3. c.id. Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by »lG-3 c-*4* several subsequent Ads, converted, and shall be deemed Part of the (aid Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such manner and upon such Notice as in the Ind Ads are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Ads ; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Stock to which be, (he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Ad, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Debentures con- Three perCems. verted into Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Reduced added Centum per Annum by virtue of this Ad, or intended so to be, shall t0 Three per

be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank Ce^t. Reduced, •f England, which by an Ad made in the Twenty third Year of the 13	*c’

Reign of His late Majesty were reduced from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Pounds ter Centum per Annum, and (nail

be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject neterthe-leCi to Redemption by Parliament, in such manner and upon such Notice as in the several Ads by which the said Annuities after the Rate of Foar Pounds per Centum per Annum were respectively granted, are directed in (tfped of the Annuities redeemable by vittue

53 Geo. III.

Q

thereof |

i^

22 6

Mode of trim-ftniog Stock.

J7;rgirg Cfitifi-.tes, Stc.

C*jib.

Fcrymg Rcttij-u r Ccmtribmiofis

k

C53.	53*	GEO. IIL	A.D.1813.

thereof; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Stock to which hef (he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this A£t, shall hare and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That the said Capital or Joint Stocks, or any Share or Intereft therein, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, shall be affignablc and trans-ferrable as this A& directs, and not otherwise ; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Affignmcnts or Transfers of the said Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and regifterrd, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witncfles; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Capital or Joint Stock, and the Annuities attending the lame or any Part thereof, or any Intereft therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatfover shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Persons pof-fefled of any Share or Iutereft in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, may devise the fame by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witneffes, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devife until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interect, be entered is the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devife as aforesaid, such Share, Eftate or Intereft shall go to the Executors, Adminiftrators, SucceiTors and Affign6.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, directed to be made out by this A&, or any Aflignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or (hail alter any Number, Figure or Word in any such Certificate or Debenture, or in any Affignment thereof or Indorfemeut thereon, or utter or publilh as true any such false, forged, counter* feited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, or Affignment or Affignments thereof, or Indorsement or lndorfementa thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, or the Governor and Company of the Baak of England» or any Body Politic or Corporal^ or any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person. or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited# or willingly atling or amfting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering# uttering or publishing, as aforesaid, being thereof convi&cd in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or. counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or

15	counter*

A.D. 1813.	53#GEO.	III.	C.53.	%tj

counterfeited, or shall willingly a d or assist in the forging or counter- far Purchafe ef

feiting any Receipt or Receipts, for the Whole of or any Part or Debeoru*®**

Parts of the said Contributions for the Purchafe of Debentures,	*	,

either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Perfons

being inserted therein, as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or

Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter

any Number, Figure or Word therein, or utter or pubiiffi as true any

such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Receipt or Receipts, with

Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of tne Bank of England,

or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatfo*

ever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or

caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ading

or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or

publifhing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law,

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon ^ without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIV.	Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That Banktocon-the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their tinu-» Corpo-Succeflors, not with (landing the Redemption of all or any of their

own Funds, in pursuance of the Ads for establishing the fame, or any *° c 0 of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purpofes of this Ad, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid, and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall,not incur any Difability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Ad.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Fee ukinf. Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of

any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Ad, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Ad, (nail, for every such Offence,

•forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieyed, to be re* Pena-t3r-covered with full Cofts of Suit, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft-minjler, wherein no Effoin, Protedion, Privilege or Wager of Law,

Injundion or Order of Reftraint, or more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tre?fpHor^r

said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or ]?**.	**

the High Treasurer for the time being, shall have Power, and they are ie

hereby authorized, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majtfly’s Exchequer, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Ad, for their Service, Pains and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to Bank to retain a and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain ^ir^rvicej01 out of the-faid Contributions at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds

for every Million thereof, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Ca(hier or Cafhiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the fame, and also tor the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Accountant General, for performing the Trufl reposed in him by this Ad; which Allowance, in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of the (aid Caffiier or Caffiiers and Accountant General of the (aid Governor and Company, shall be

Q a	for

v^.

328

C-53*

53* GEO. Ill*

A*D« i S i

TiobleCoflf.

53 G. 3.C-4I.

for the Ufe of the said Governor and Company, and at their Dif-pofal only.

Gtntral Iflue. XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perform or Per-font shall at any time or thnea be sued, molcfted or prosecuted, for any-thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this A6t, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, fiuch Person or Pcrfons shall and may plead the General Iflue, and give the Special Matter m Evidence tor his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail difcon-timie his or their Adi on, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given agaiuft him or them upon Demurrer or other wife, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cods to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

4 XXXIX. And whereas by an Ad made in this present Seffion

•	of Parliament, intituled An A3 for granting Annuities to satisfy 4 certain Exchequer Bills ; and for raising a Sum of Money by Debin-

13.	4 turest for the Service of Great Britain, it is enacted, that it ftiould

•	be lawful for every Person who should have delivered in any Es-4 chequer Bill or Bills therein described, and who should be dtffroiii 4 of fubferibing for the Purchafe of Debentures to make a Depofit 4 of Ten Pounds Oer Centum, as a Security for making the future

•	Payments on or oefore the Days therein mentioned : And whereas 4 one of the said Payments of Ten Pounds per Centum was by Mif-4 take directed to be made on the Twenty fifth Day of June One 4 thousand eight hundred and thirteen, instead of the Eighteenth

on 4 Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen Be it June i8y instead therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every of Juue 25. Person who shall have made such Depont as aforesaid, to pay Tea Pounds per Centum on the Sums subscribed for the Purchafe of Debentures, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, inffead of the laid Twenty fifth Day of Jum One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and shall be deemed to have made good his Payment in such and the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen had been inserted in the said A&.

Debentures loft XL. And whereas, if it shall so happen that any of the Dcben-or destroyed, dec. tures made out, or to be made by virtue of this A&, or of any other Vfurdo fcr. A& of fa present Seflion of Parliament shall be burnt, loft or otber-wife destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated or incumbered with Afiignments thereon ; then in all or any of the (aid cases it shall and may be lawful for the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majtfty's Exchequer to cause new Debentures to be made forth ia his Office, to be signed by him, or by any Person authorized by him, according to the Dire&ions contained in this A&, upon the Person or Persons entitled to such Debentures loft, burnt or otherwise destroyed, making Oath (if required) before any Magiftrate duly authorized to administer the fame, or to produce other full and sufficient Proof to the Satisfa&ion of the said Auditor that such Debentures have been burnt, loft or otherwise destroyed, provided that the Person or Persons do give Security to the King to the liking of the (aid Auditor, for redelivering such new Debentures into his Office to be cancelled if the Debenture or Debentures certified to have been loft* burnt or otherwise destroyed be thereafter produced 5 or in case that new Debentures be made out in lieu of Debentures defaced, obliterated

V

A.D.iSi3>	53°GEO. HI.	**?

rated or otherwise incumbered as aforesaid, then such Debentures or Debenture shall be delivered up and cancelled, and the new Debentures or Debenture made out in lieu thereof shall be made payable to the Person or Persons who fhaU appear at that time to be lawfully entitled to the (aid Debentures or Debenture so to be delivered up and cancelled, and the laid Auditor shall always take Care that such Entries or Memorandums be made upon the said new Debentures as may denote their being made in lieu of such Debentures or Debenture as may have been loll, burnt, destroyed, defaced, obliterated or incumbered as aforesaid, as the case may be, in order to secure the Publio against any double Payments for or by reason of the making out new Debenture* in the manner aforesaid.

XL1. And be it further enacted, That this Ad maybe altered, A£l repealed, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled iu this present ftc#

SeffioQ of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An ASl for the further Prevention of the Sale ana Brokerage of Offices.	[a ill May 1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS an Ad was passed in the Forty ninth Year of

•	VV His Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS for the further Pre* 49 G.^.ciaS.

•	txntion of the Sale and Brokerage of Officer : And whereas it was § 7.

•	by the laid Ad, smongft other things, provided, that nothing

•	therein contained Ihould extend or be conilrued to extend to any

•	Purchases, Sales or Exchanges of any Coromiffione or Appomt-1* meats in His Majefty’s Yeoman Guard ; And whereas no mention

•	is made in (aid Ad of His Majefty’s Battle Axe Guards in Ire~

•	land, and it is reasonable that the said Battle Axe Guards should 4 be also excepted from the Operation of the said AdBe it therew fore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflembtrd, and by the Authority of the fame. That nothing in the said Ad contained, for pre- Not to extend «s venting the Purchase, Sale, Exchange or Brokerage of Offices, shall His Majefty'e extend or be construed to extend to any Purchases, Sales or Ex-

changes of any Commiffions or Appointments in His Majefty's Battle ^^rTJ in Axe Guards m Ireland; any thing in the said Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwtthftanding.

CAP. LV.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend, several Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland / and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland•	[jd June 1813.]

Q 3	4	Moft

230

AS G. 3- c.18.

46 O. 3. t. 62.

47 G. 3. Self. 1. c.31.

47 G. 3. Seff.». c. 16.

47 G. 3. Seff. 1. c. 18.

46	O. 3. cc. 1 a. 110.

47	G. 3. Seff.».

c. 1.

48	G. 3. c. 80.

49	G. 3. c.74.

50	G. 3.C.97.

31 G. 3. c.58.

51	G. 3. c.86.

$% G. 3. c.69.

I I.

e.55.	53® GEO. ni.

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty fifth Year of Hit present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting unto * Hit Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain 4 Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, IVares and Merchandise im-* ported into and exhorted from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and 4 Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties : And whereas an Ad was made ‘ in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 4 A3 for granting unto Hit Majesty until the Twenty ninth Day of 4 September One thousand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the 4 Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the 4 Exhortation of certain Sorts of lronf Sugar and Teat into and from 4 Ireland: And whereas an Ad was made in the Forty seventh 4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to repeal Part of the Duties 4 on the Importation of Unmanufactured Tobacco in Ireland: And • whereas another A d was made in the Forty seventh Year of His ‘ present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majesty 4 until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight,

* certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks * on the Exhortation of certain Goods, IVares and Merchandises into 4 and from Ireland: And whereas another Ad was made in the Forty • seventh Year of His present Majefty’a Reign, to provide for the * Decreafe and Sufpenfion in certain cases of Part of the Counter-4 vailing Duty on Briti/b Refined Sugar imported into Ireland : And 4 whereas such of the said recited Ads as were temporary have been * from time to time continued by several Ads, palled in the Forty • sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majefty’s Reign $

4 and by an Ad patted in the Forty eighth Year of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign, the laid recited Ads were amended and cond-< nued ; and by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent	^

« Majefty’s Reign, the said recited Ada were further condnued 5 and 9 4 by an Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign,

4 the said recited Ads were continued and further amended ; And 4 whereas by an Ad made in the Fifty first Year of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign, certain Dudes were granted on Cocoa Nuts im-4 ported into Ireland: And whereas an Ad was made in the Fifty 4 first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, indtuled An A3 4 to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred 4 and twelmti and to amend several ABs for granting certain Rates and 4 Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goodsy 4 IVares and Merchandise^ imported into and exported from Ireland ;

• and to grant to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thou-4 sand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on 4 the Importation9 and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of cer-4 tain Goods, IVares and Merchandises into and from Ireland : And ‘ whereas by an Ad of the last Session of Parliament, all the several 4 Ads hereinbefore recited were condnued and are in force until 4 and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 4 thirteen ; and it is expedient that all th« said recited Ad6 and also • the several Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and 4 Boundes allowed by them or any of them, Ihould be further con-4 tinued in manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted * by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Confent

231

iSi^t

53* GEO. III.

£•55*

Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Rates and Duties granted, and tiie Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred aod thirteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen (except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks, upon the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks are by any of the (aid Ads or by this Ad granted, imposed or allowed, and except such Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and on Refined Sugar, under the said recited Adsy or any of them, as are provided for by an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty18 Reign, intituled An Ad to provide more effectually f” rtgvlati" the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to le ware* hauled in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand aght hundred and eight; which said last recited Ad by an Ad passed ia this present Semon of Parliament, is continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen), and that the said recited Ads (except as aforesaid, and except alio as they are altered or repealed by each other or by t.his Ad, or by any other Ad), and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in the said recited Ads, or any of them, shall be oblerved and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawbacks acd Bounties, and the said Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Blatters and Things, had been by the said recited Ads, or any of them, extended to the Term hcreoy granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part of the said recited Ads, or any of them; and that the several Articles, in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or imposed or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except as afore-fud) allowed in respect thereof, under the Regulations and Provifions of the (aid recited Ads, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July Ooe thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

* II. Andwhereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

*	Britain and Ireland in Parliament alsembled, towards railing the < necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support

*	of Your Majefty’s Government, have resolved to grant to Your

*	Majefty the Several new Duties hereinafter mentioned, upon certain

*	Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into IrelandAnd do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, aad duriog the Continuance of this Ad, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs

Q 4	and

R^tes and Duties further continued, &c.

47 G. j. Seif i. c. 19.

53 G. 3-34-

Exception.

Additional Duties specified in Sclteduie paid oti Importation of Goods, «rc.

232	C.55.	53 GEO. III.	A.D.1813;

and SuccefFors, in Ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon the Importation of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, imported into Ireland, the several Duties inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that there also shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties as the fame are respectively inserted, de-fenbed and fet forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that the said Duties in the said Schedule specified shall be in addition to ail Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and. Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft.

391 & 40 G. 3.	* XII. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of

lo O 1 riv *9 * Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect 40	J «	Qf the Duties by former Afts and this Aft imposed on Hemp

4 imported into Ireland, new and increased Countervailing Duties 4 should be charged on Cordage being the Manufafture of Great 4 Britain and imported from t fie nee into Ireland, sufficient to coon-Counrsrvai’ing 4 tervail all the said DutiesBe it therefore enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, there shall be charged on all Cordage, the Manufafture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lieu and full Satisfaftion of all Countervailing Duties whatever payable on such Cordage under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft* the several Countervailing Duties following; that is to fay,

On all Cordage to be used as Standing Rigging or other Cordage made from topt Hemp, the Ton containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Two pence:

On all Cordage of any other Sort, Cable Yam, Packthread and Twine, the Ton containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sam of Five Pounds One Penny Three Farthings:

And that upon the Exportation of any Cordage manufaftnred in Ireland from Hemp which shall have paid the Duties by this Aft imposed, and which shall be exported to Great Britain or elsewhere there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amotmt to the said Countervailing Duties respectively.

Drawback on JV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Exportation Cocoa NiJts and from jrejatJj Qf Cocoa Nuts, on which the additional Duties imposed oco te‘ by this Aft shall have been paid, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence Three Farthings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of any Chocolate made in Ireland from Cocoa Nuts which shall have been imported into Ireland, and for which the additional Duty imposed .	by this Aft shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported

to Foreign Parts, there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty in the Nature of a Drawback, of Two Shillings and Four pence Halfpenny British Currency for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of any fnch Chocolate.

Doties and	V. And be it further enacted. That all the Duties and Drawbacks

Drawbacks in	in and by this Aft and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and

AkniihCuirency. allowed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof

in

Duties on Cordage.

Duties on Cordage.

Drawback.

L,ooq le

*33

A.D.i8i3«	539GEO. IIL	C.55.

in Brtitjb Currency, and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the said Duties and all Drawbacks in and by this A61 and the said Schedule granted and allowed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Measure, Gauge or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity or Meafure of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties payablt

Duties by this Ad granted on the Importation into Ireland of on G™d* ‘J.01 the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in this ??***	*0™.

Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable y 7>

on ail such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall not have been entered on or before the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, not-withftanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or before the palling of this Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties and on such as granted, mentioned and fet forth in this Ad and the said Schedule, Hull be ware-(hall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Mer- houfeJ on or chandize therein mentioned as, having been imported into Ireland, tftcrlhatDay-(hall have been or shall be warehoused, orThall have been secured,

without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured, on or after the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in purfuauce or by Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force for that Purpose, althougn such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen : Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or Provifa payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the Duties which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been subject to before the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen shall be payable by Law.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where Duties secured the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Goods, by Bond.

Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be secured by

Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted or imposed may, in like manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Wines which at any time Wine*, Duties before the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred of which and thirteen, shall have been imported, the Duties payable upon the no.t,luvc Import of which shall not have been duly paid and discharged, shall May°i 7°liable to be considered as Wines remaining in His Majefty’s Stores or Ware- additional Duty, houses on the laid Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred

and thirteen, and at the time of the passing of this Ad, and shall be charged accordingly ; and the Proprietor thereof shall be subject to the additional Duties on the Importation thereof, mentioned, contained

234

C-55*	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Duties of Excife on Wine.

Regulations for ascertaining Stock of Wiue.

tained and fet forth in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), over and above all former Duties payable on the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be railed, levied* collected and paid, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflors, for and upon ail Wines which, on or at any time after the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall have been or shall be in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the Cuftody, Power or Pofleflion of any Merchant or Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which shall have been charged with or paid the Duties payable on the Importation thereof under or by virtue of any A€t or Ads in force in Ireland at the palling of this Ad, the respective additional Duties of Excife following ; that is to fay.

For and upon each and every Tun of French Wine the Sum of Thirty three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence :

For and upon each and every Tun of Rhentjb, Germany and Hungary Wines, the Sum of Twelve Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two pence :

For and upon each and every Tun of Maderia Wine, the Sum of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence:

And for and upon each and every Tun of any other Sort of Wines, not otherwise enumerated, the Sum of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Four pence, and so in Proportion for any"greater or less Quantity of such Wines refpe&iv^ly.

XL And, for ascertaining the Stock of all Foreign Wines belonging to all Merchants, Importers of, Fadors and Dealers in, or Selim or Retailers of Foreign Wines, on or at any time after the Seventeenth Day*of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and for fecur-ing the additional Duties by this Ad imposed thereon, be it further enacted. That every such Mereliant, Importer of. Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wines in Ireland, who shall respectively have any such Wines in his, her or their Po(Te(fion in any Warenouse, Store Room, Shop, Celiar, Vault or other.Place, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any other Person for his or their Ufe (other than and except such Wines as may be in anv of His Majefty’s Warehoufes for Security of the Duties thereon), shall within Fourteen Days after the palling of this A6k deliver at the Office of the Colle&or of Excife of the Diftrid in which such Wine shall have been on the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or any other Day between that Day and the Day of the making such Return, incluftve, a just, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wine which on the said Seventeenth Day of May, or on any Day between that Day and the Day of making the laid Return, inclusive, shall have so been in the Cuftody or Pofleflion of such Mereliant, Importer of, Dealer in. Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, in every such Warehoufe or other Place, or in the Cuftody or Pofleflion of any Person for his or her Ufe (except as aforesaid), deferibing the Places in which the fame shall be, and the Situation thereof, and diftingui(hing such Foreign Wines from each other according to the true Denomination thereof as the fame are hereinbefore described ; and also distinguishing whether such Wines are Red or White ; and all Wines in Bottles shall be accounted for according to the Number of Bottles, without expressing the Number of Gallons

A.D.1813.

53 GEO. III.

*3 S

of Wine contained in such Bottles, but estimating the Number of such Gallons in the Whole, by a fair Calculation made on the actual Content of any given Number of such Bottles indifferently chosen ; and every such Merchant) Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Oath.

Retailer of Foreign Wine, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid, that such Accountis a just, true and perfect Account of all such Wines as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation such Col led or is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Mereliant, Importer,

Dealer, Seller, Retailer or other Person who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Account within the time aforesaid, and to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Foreign Wines of which such Peftalty. Account shall not be delivered, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall also be forfeited, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Veffels, Hoglheads and Packages, containing the fame respectively, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of nis Majefty’s Revenue in Ireland\

XII.	And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpofes of Officers may this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers enter War*-of Excife, from time to time to enter into all or any of the Ware-

houses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Celiars, Vaults and other Places w^ne^to^ake

of any such Mereliant, Importer of, or Dealer in or Seller of Account.

Foreign Wine, whether by Wholefale or Retail, and into any Place

where any Wine belonging to any such Mereliant, Importer or Dealer

in or Seller or Retailer of Wine shall be, and by tailing, gauging

or otherwise, to take an Account of the Quality and Quantity

of all Wine then and there found in the Cuftody of or belonging

to any such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, in

any Calk, or in any Veffel except Bottles, and also to take an

Account of all such Wine as shall then and there be found in

Bottles in 4hy other manner than by tailing the fame, or by uncork*

ing and opening the Bottles containing such Wine, unless with the

Confent of the Proprietor, for the rurpofe of ascertaining the

Number of Gallons therein, in manner aforementioned; and in cafe

ob Refufal of such Consent, each Bottle shall be deemed to contain

the Quantity which its common Denomination of Pint, Quart, Two

Quarts, and so forth, imports; and if any Officer or Officers of Excife

shall not, on Demand made by him or them, at any such Warehouse,

Storehouse, Room, Shop, Celiar, Vault or other Place, be admitted therein, or shall not be luffered to take an Account of all Wines in manner aforesaid, or if such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Seller,

Retailer or Person having the Cuftody or Poffeffion of such Wines,

shall neglect or refuse to (hew or cause to be (hewn to such Officer all the W ines in every such Warehouse or other Place respectively, such Person respectively, into or at whose Warehoufe or other Place such Officer shall not be admitted, or shall not be fnffered to take such Account respectively, and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect to (new or cause to be (hewn to such Officer all such Wines as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Default refpcc- Pen,lt)r* tively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That in case of any Difpute be* Samples taken of tween the Officer of Excife and any such Merchant or Importer of. Wine, on Pay-

Dealer ment*

*3^	C.J5*	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Obftru&ion.

Penalty.

Returns made of Amount of Duties.

Penalty*

When Duty shall amount to 100L Bond given for Payment.

Dealer in or Seller of Foreign Wine, an to the Nature or Species off any particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Manufailure, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Exciie* and every such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples, not exceeding One Quart of any such Foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Calks, or in any other Veffel or VefTels, paying for the Wine the usual Price thereof 5 and if such Officer or Officers shall not be permitted to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to pay for the fame, after the Rate aforesaid, or shall in any wife be obftru&cd or hindered by any Person or Persons whatever in taking such Sample or Samples, the Merchant or Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of such Wine, or other Person in whole Cuftody such Wine shall be, Ihall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officer and Officers of Excife who shall take such Account of such Wines, shall make a Return or Report of the fame to the Colfedor of Excife of the Diftrid, and shall insert in such Return or Report the Amount of the Duties hereby charged and payable thereon 5 and the Sums charged in such Return or Report IhaD be a Charge on fuck Merchant or Importer of, Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine, or other Person or Persons who shall pay the said Duty accordingly, in case such Return or Report fhail contain a greater Quantity of Wines than shall be comprized in the respective Accounts hereinbefore di reded to be returned by the Parties refpe£Svely to whom such Wine shall belong, otherwise the Account given by such Mereliant, Importer or other Person, shall be and become a Charge oa such Mereliant, Importer or other Person, of such Duty on the Quantity of Wine contained in such Account ; and such Mereliant, Importer or other Person, shall pay the said Duty accordingly ; and where no such Account shall have been returned by (uch Mereliant, Importer or other Person, the Return made by the Officer under this Ad shall be a cooclufive Charge on such Mereliant, Importer or other Person ; and such Mereliant, Importer or other Person, shall pay the (aid Duty so charged within One Calendar Month after such Return (hail be made ; and in case such Merchsat, Importer or other Person, shall neglect or refuse to pay loch Duty within such Calendar Month, such Mereliant, Importer or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and double the Amount of the Duties so charged and payable.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the additional Duties imposed by this Ad upon any Wines in the Cuftody, Power or Poffeflion of any Mereliant, Importer of. Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, shall snowit to the S«n of One hundred Pounds or upwards, then and in such case it {batt and may be lawful for any such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer or other Person chargeable with the laid additional Duties on Wmes, in nef-ped of such Wines in his or her Stock or Pofteffion, to give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Diftrid in which such Mereliant, Importer or other Person resides, which Bond such Colle&or is hereby authorized to take for His Majefty’s Ufe, in a Penalty of not less than double the Amount of the said additional Dorics, conditioned,

that

237

AJD.i8i3"	53*GEO. III.	C-S$*

that iuch Mereliant, Importer, Dealer or other Person shall pay the Amount of the said additional Duty on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, by Three equal Ioftalments ; the First of such Infialments to be paid on the Tnirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Second of iuch Iniialments to be paid on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and the Third and last Inftalment on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Mereliant, Importer k0 Permit of. Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of any such Wines, shall have fold, er&nted for Re-or shall fell the fame or any Part thereof, before Payment of the re- of Wine Ipe&ive additional Duties by this Aft imposed, and shall be desirous tl11 Du^f l>aui' of removing the fame out of his Stock, no Permit shall be granted for

the Removal thereof; nor shall such Wine, or any Part thereof, be removed either in Quantities requiring a Permit, or in Quantities not requiring such Permit, unless the said additional Duties and all Dudes of Cuftoms and Excife due on such Wine to be so removed shall have been previously paid; and in case any Wine shall be removed on which all the Duties payable thereon shall not have been paid and (atisfied, the Mereliant, Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of such Wines out of whose Stock such Wine shall be so removed, shall forfeit and pay double the Amount of the Duty payable for the Wine (b removed, and shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Mereliant, Im- Plfcount for porter. Dealer or other Person who shall be charged with or liable rromPc ¥*y-to the additional Duties on Wines under this Aft shall pay the fame, menu

or any Part thereof, before the Expiration of the respective times when the lame are by this Aft required to be paid as aforesaid, every such Person shall be allowed as a Difcount for prompt Payment, a Sum out of such Duties as such Mereliant, Importer or Dealer or other Person, shall so pay, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such time as any Sum shall be paid before the time when the fame is by this Aft required to be paid.

XVIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Mereliant, Bayer of Win® Importer, Dealer or other Person who shall be charged with the addi- not dctiireroi, tional Duties by this Aft imposed on any Wine in his or her Pofleffion, charged wuh shall have fold or contrafted to fell any such Wine to any Person or ncw Dut>* Persons, and shall not have delivered the fame to the Buyer thereof,

then and in every such case the Buyer of the said Wine shall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of such Wine without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with or paid for such Wine under the Provifions of this Aft.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties sod Doties and Drawbacks in and by tliis Aft, and the Schedule P”^bac^ thereto annexed, granted and allowed, mentioned and specified; and

all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, shall duties and be railed, levied, collected, paid and applied, in the fame manner, and Drawback*, under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Direftions as are appointed, directed and expnefled for the raising, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and

applying

a3»

C.55.	53-GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

applying any Fines,. Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an A6t of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the 14 U15 Car. 2. Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An (I.) Scir. 4. C. 8. jIq jor settling the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majesty, bis Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an A6t made in the Forty sixth Year of His present 46 G.3. c. 106. Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution *c‘	of the fever at A8s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things,

under the Management of the CnmmifRoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the CommiJfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other A& or A6U in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame rowers and Authorities, Rules and Dire&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were Appeal.	herein	exprefTed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and

for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by tne said A6t, passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Ad or A&s as aforesaid is provided.

Continuance. XX. And be it further enacted, That this A6t shall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

Ad altered,Sec. XXI. And be it further enacted, That this A6t, or the Ads hereby continued, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad to be made in this present Seflion of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

	Duty.	Drawback.

	£ /. d.	£ 1.d.

Tobacco, unmanufactured, the ioolbs. (being		

Sifter the Rate of id *4p*rlh.)	O 12 9;.	O 12 9|

Coffee, the Produce of any Country or Place		

whatever, the lb. -	O O I	OOI

Wine, the Tun of 252 Galions, viz.		

—— French, imported in Shipping of the		

United Kingdom		33 *3 4	33 *3 4

—— 	 in Foreign Shipping -	34 5 10	34 5 >o

■■ ■ Rhenifh, Germany and Hungary Wines,		

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	12 15 2	12 15 2

	13 19 1	*3 >9 >

1 Wine, Madeira, imported in Shipping of the		

United Kingdom .....	8 6 7	867

	8 16 9	8 16 9

— — - Portugal, Spanifh and Canary Wines, and		

all Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the		•

Wines of Sicily and Naples, and all other		. '

Wines

SCHEDULE [Pi.)—continued.

Wines not otherwise enumerated or described, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

---- —.-	in	Foreign	Shipping

Almond* of ail Sorts, Cyder, Cloves, Cocoa Nuts, Corks ready made, Currants, Figs, Ginger, Hemp, Lemons and Oranges, Liquorice Ball or Juice, Liquorice Powder, Liquorice Root, Nutmegs, Oil of all Sorts, Pepper, Pimento, Raifins, Rice, Rolin, Turpentine, Vinegar or Verjuice, and Wax, for every jffioo of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Cuftoxns due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of

Drawback.

For every jffioo of the Produce and Amount of the Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms allowed on the Exportation thereof, an additional Drawback of	-

Duty

£ 1.

d.

Drawback

£ s. d.

864	864

8 16 9	8 16 9

18 15 o

18 15 o

All other Goods, Wares and Merchandize (except Raw Silk, Salt, Tea, Sugar and Cotton Wool) for every ^ioo of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of Drawback.

For every ^ico of the Produce and Amount of the Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms allowed on the Exportation thereof, an additional Drawback of	-	-

25 o o

*5 o 0 1

CAP. LVI.

An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt.	[3d June 1813.]

€ Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	Your Majefty's most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the « W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary 4 Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant 4 unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentionedAnd do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That, within and through that Part of the United King- Duties on Mak. dom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collested,

paid

Additional

Duty.

Duties.

Paid by MJter.

39&40G.3.

c. 67.

40G.3. (1.) c.68.

Countervailing Duties to be pa-d on Malt and Beer.

Drawback.

C.56.	53“GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

paid and satisfied, unto and for the Ufe of Hi* Majesty, his Heir* and SuccefTors, the several Duties of Excife following ; that is to fay.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt which shall have been, or shall be in the Pofleffion of any Person in Ireland* at any time on or after the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Ad : and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad, a Duty of Three Shillings British Currency* in addition to the Duty with which such Malt shall have been so charged or chargeable under any such Ad or Adis:

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground, which at any time or times from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Ad shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the fame shall be or (hail not be for Sale, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings British Currency, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof . respectively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad.

‘ II. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of ‘ the Ads for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect * of all increased and additicmal Duties imposed on Malt made in /rr-‘ landy increased Countervailing Duties should be charged upon Malt c and upon Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, respectively imported c from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased ‘ and additional Duties ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, there shall be charged on all such Malt, and on all such Beer or Ale, the Countervailing Duties following in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon such Malt, or on such Beer or Ale, under or by virtue ot any Ad or Ads of Paliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad ; that is to fay.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt made in Great Britain, and imported dircdly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings British Currency:

For and upon every Barrel of Eeer or Ale, containing Thirty two Galions, brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported fiom thence into Ireland, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency:

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt, or of any Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Ad shall have been fully paid aud satisfied respectively, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Malt and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland; and such Drawback shall be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad, in respect of such Malt or Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain.	'

14	III.	And

2\l

A.D.1313.	530 GEO. III.	C.5	6.

III.	And be it further enacted, That, in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Malt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be paid to every Person who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties pay able under this Ad shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Drawbacks or Al* lowances following ; that js to fay,

For every Barrel of such Malt, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings British Currency :

And for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency :

And all the said Drawbacks shall be paid by the Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrid from which such Malt or Beer or Ale shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, 011 such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame shall be exported, as is required by an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thou [and eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, into and from Ireland ; in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any internal Duty of Exoife paid thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Drawbacks or Allowances payable under any A6I or Ads in force, immediately before the passing of this Ad, upon Malt or upon Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain, or elsewhere, shall continue to be paid and allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale so exported, upon which the additional or increased Duty in respect whereof the increased Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Ad, shall not have been fully paid and satisfied : Provided also, that the increased Drawbacks and Allowances by this Ad made payable, shall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on any Beer or Ale so exported, unless the Persons respectively who shall export such Malt, or Beer or Ale respectively, shall make Oath that the additional or increased Duties on account of which such Drawbacks shall be required respectively, have been fully paid and satisfied ; and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Reftridions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And, in order to secure the additional Duty of Three Shillings per Barrel On Malt imposed by this Ad, be it enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excife in Ireland shall and may take an Account of the just and true Quantity of all Malt, whether ground or un-ground, in the Pofleffion of any Person in Ireland at any time on or after the Seventeenth Day of May, and on or before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Ad, in such manner as such Officer or Officers is or are now required by Law to take an Account of any Malt; and such Officer shall make a Return or Report in 'Writing to the Colledor of the Diftrid in which such Person shall reside, or in which his or her Malt House or Stores shall be situated, of the just and true Quantity of all such Malt, and of the Amount of

53 Geo. III.	R	the

Drawbacks on Malt or Beer allowed.

\

47 G.3. Sells. c.16.

Regulations for

obtaining

Drawback.

Oath.

Officer to take Account of Malt in Pof-session, and make a Return to Colledar.

*4*

Additional Duty

paid within One Month after

Charge made*

Neglecting Payment of Duty, fee-

Penalty.

Duties and Drawbacks how 1 tried and paid.

14 Sc 15 Car. ft. (I.) Stfl: 4.C. 8.

46 O. 3. c. 106. Ac.

Appeal

C. 56.	53* GEO. ni.	A.D.1813.

tbc additional Duties payable thereon under aod by virtue of this A&, over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon ; and such Return or Report shall be a Charge on every such Person re-fpedively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Persons charged with the laid additional Duty on Malt shall within One Calendar Month from the time they shall be charged therewith, pay to the Colledor of the Diftrid all such Duty as shall be due from them refoedively, for or on account of any such additional Duty, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed, in which case the said additional Duty shall be paid for all such Malt, before the fame shall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the lame shall be granted.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Person so having Malt in his or her Pofsession, who shall not within the time aforesaid pay the additional Duty so charged on all such Malt, or who shall remove any such Malt without having paid or cleared the said additional Duty, or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Ex-cife, there shall appear to have been any Decreafe of such Malt, without having obtained from the proper Officer a Permit authorizing the Removal of such Malt so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay Double the Amount of such additional Duty chargeable on such Malt, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Ad granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, shall be railed, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Diredions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the railing, colleding, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for settling the Excife or new Jmpofi upon His Majesty, his Heirs or SucceJforsy according to the Book of Rates therein infertedy or in and by an Ad made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the several ASs relating to the Revenuety Matters and Things9 under the Management of the CommiJJioners of Cufioms and Port Duties, and of the Commijponers of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Ad or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cufioms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes at if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and bv the laid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforesaid is provided; and that all and every Ad and Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excife on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the railing, levying and colleding the new and additional Duties by this Ad granted on Malt, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

IX. And

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.ni.	C.t;6,57.	243

IX.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, A& altered, &c. amended or repealed by any A& or Afts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LVII.

An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Tobacco.	[3d	June 1813.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	XX7'E, Your Majesty*8 moil dutiful and loyal Subjests, the 4 Y V Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland\ in Parliament assembled, towards raising the neceflary

*	Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant 4 unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned;’ And do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted t>y the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be raised, levied, col-lested, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftors, the several Duties of Excife following; that is to fay9

For and upon every Pound Weight of unmanufa&ured Tobacco Addhiosst which at any time or times on or after the Seventeenth Day of May Duty.

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, flial1 have been or shall be in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Mannfafturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco in Ireland^ and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Excife Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft, an Excife Duty of Four pence in Addition to the Duty of Excife with which the fame shall have been so charged or chargeable under any such Aft or Afts :

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which at any Duties, time or times after tne Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, shall be delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Coftoms for Manufafture in Ireland\ an Excife Duty of One Shilling and Eleven pence, and so in Proportioa for any greater or lester Quantity, and to be charged on and paid by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be delivered for Manufafture at the time when the said Tobacco shall be so delivered out of Warehouse; which laid Excife Duty shall be in lieu and full Satisfaftion of all Duties of Excife granted on such Tobacco by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland.

* II. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of the 39 Sc 40 0.3.

*	Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of c6 ?

*	the increased and additional Duties imposed on Tobacco imported 4°G*|.(U c*3*«

*	into and mauufaftured in Ireland, increased Countervailing Duties

*	(hould be charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce

*	or Manufafture of Great Britain, imported from thence into 4 Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased and additional

1 Duties Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the Seven* CauBtcrvaTmi • •	Ri	teenth	Duuttjwidon

Tob.icco and SuufF.

Dutie* on T oU.cco.

Duties cn Snuff.

Drawback.

Drawback

allowed.

C.;7.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

teenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, there /hall be charged an all such Tobacco and Snuff, the Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfadion of all Countervailing Duties whatsoever, payable upon such Tobacco or Snuff, under or by virtue of any A 61 or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland\ immediately before the pafTing of this Ad ; that is to fay,

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufadurcd Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of Brilijh manufadured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufadured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Sfani/h, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of ^r/z/^-manufaditred Shag Tobacco cut, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?r//^£-manufadurcd Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?ri/f/&-manufadured Carrot Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British* manufadured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described, tfye Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Britijb-manu-dadured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two peq.ce : For and upon every Pound Weight of £>riV£/$-manufadurea Snuff called Scotch Snuff\ the Sum of Three Shillings ?nd Four pence : For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?W///£-manufadured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny • For and upon every round Weight of 2?/7/£/&-manufadured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of i?ri/Oi&-manufadured Snuff or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence: And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any* Tobacco or Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Great Britain respectively, and imported from thence into Ireland; and such Drawbacks fhali be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad in re-fped of such Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain•

III. And be it further enacted. That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Tobacco or jSnuff manufadured in Ireland and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there /hall be allowed upon all Tobacco mamtfa&ured in Ireland, which fhaU be so exported, as au increased Drawback or Compenfatjon for the Duty by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufadured, and for the Excife Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings aod Three pence for every Pound Weight of such manufadured Tobacco; and which said Drawback or Allowance shall be paid by the Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Di/brid from .which f#ch To^co .or Snuff shall be ex-

A	>	ported,

245

A.D.i8i3’	53* GEO. III.	C.57.

ported, out of any Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the fcollector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame shall be exported, as is required by an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An 47 G. 3. Sc(T 2. A3 to grant to HU MajeJIy until the Fifth Day of July One thousand c* eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise into and from Ireland, in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawbacks or Regulation'Tor Allowances payable under any Aft or A6ts in force immediately obtiir.ing Draw-before the passing of this Aft, upon Tobacco and Snuff exported

from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, shall continue to be paid and allowed on all Tobacco and Snuff so exported, upon which the additional or increased Duty in respect whereof the increased Drawbacks or Allowances are given and allowed by this Aft, shall not have been fully paid and satisfied: Provided also, that the increased Drawback and Allowance by this Aft made payable, shall not be paid or allowed on any Tobacco or Snuff so exported unless the Persons ho shall export such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall make Oath that the additional or increased Duty on account of which such Drawback shall be required has been fully paid and satisfied, and shall also perform all such Requifites and comply with such Regulations and Reflriftions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said additional Excife OfFcrr to make Duty of Four pence per Pound Weight impend by this Aft on Returns to C«iU Unrtiaatlfafturcd Tobacco, shall be payable on all unmanufaftured le^«v efunm*. Tobacco which shall have been in the Hands of any Manufaftiirer or Manufafturers, or other Person or Persons in Ireland, at any time on

or after the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, and shall be a Charge on such Manufafturer or Manufafturers, or on the Person or Persons taking or having taken such Tobacco out of any of His Majcdy's Warehouses, or out of the Cuflody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, from the time when such Tobacco or any Part thereof shall have been or shall be so taken out, and the Surveyors, Guagers or other Officers of the Revenue, who shall be thereto duly authorized or required by the Commifiionera of Inland Excife and Taxes, shall, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Aft, make Returns or Reports in Writing to the Corfeftors in their respective Diftrifts, of such additional Duty as shall have then become due and payable by virtue of this Aft, and of the Persons chargeable therewith in such Didrift respectively, and such Returns or Reports shall be a Charge on all such Persons, and such Duty shall be paid by such Persons to the Colleftor of Excife of the District, within Seven Days after any such Return or Report, or in Default thereof all such Tobacco shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and every ManufaftUrer or Person who shall make Default m the Payment of such Duty, shall, for eveiy such Default, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Double the Amount of Duty with which such Ferfon shall be changed as afore said.

R 3	VI.	Pro-

In what case Tobacco not charged with Duty.

Permit Officer to grant Certificate if required of Tobacco removed ro Sccck of any Manu-fedurer, See.

Duties and

Drawbacks how levied and paid.

X4& 15 Car.». (I.) oefr.4. c, 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

fcc.

Appeal

■X

. VI. Provided always* and be it enabled, That no umnafiufa&ured Tobacco shall be charged with the said additional Duty of Four pence by this Aft imposed, which shall have been actually taken out of the original Package for the Purpofe of manufacturing the fame, at any time before the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, although such Tobacco may not have been fully manufactured on that Day.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That every Excife Permit Officer who at any time on or after the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Aft, shall have granted any Excife Fermit or Permits for the Removal of any Tobacco delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms into the Stock of any Manufacturer or other Person, shall on Demand by any Surveyor or Guager, or other Officer requiring the fame, grant a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of such Excife Permit Officer, specifying the Quantity of Tobacco so removed into the Stock of such Manufacturer or other Person, on or after the said Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Aft, under or by virtue of such Permit or Permits, and such Certificate shall be granted to any such Surveyor, Guager or other Officer requiring the fame, by such Excife Permit Officer without any Fee or Reward whatfo-ever, and such Certificate of such Excife Permit Officer when verified upon Oath before the Commiffionert of Inland Excife and Taxes, or before any Person by them authorized for that Purpose, shall be conclusive Evidence against the Manufafturer or other Person into whose Stock such Tobacco shall have been delivered under such Permit, whereby to charge such Manufafturer or Person with the additional Duty of Four pence per Pound on such unmanufaftured Tobacco granted by this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Aft granted, allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, shall be railed, levied, col-lested, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Direftions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collesting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for settling the Excife or new Impoft upon His Mayfly , his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted) or in and by an Aft made in the Forty sixth Y ear of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to tbs Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commif/ioncrs of Inland Excife c\nd Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and fbt the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by tne laid recited Aft of the

10	Fourteenth

*47

A.D.1813*	53#GEO.	HI.	C.57,58.

Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Secoud, or any other Ad or Ads as aforesaid is provided; and that all and every Ad and Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties of Excife on Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, mall extend and be conltrued to extend, to the raising, levying and colleding the new and additional Duties by this Ad granted on Tobacco, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

[Duties and Drawbacks paid in British Currency r.73. poft*"\

CAP. LVIII.

An A& to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll from or to Dublin, to or from the fereral Poll Towns in Ireland, and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Poll in Ireland.	[3d June 1813.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

1 YX7HEREAS it is expedient to alter the Rates and Duties now 43 G.j.c.sS.

4 VV in force on the Poftage and Conveyance of Letters and J0G.3.C.74.

‘ Packets sent by the Poft, so far as relates to the Rates from Dublin

•	to the several Poft Towns in Ireland, and from the several Poft

*	Towns in Ireland to Dublin ; and to grant other Rates and Duties

4 in lieu thereof :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after Rates of Poftsg* the Expiration of Tea Days after the palling of this Ad, all and no* **> force to singular the Rates and Duties now in force upon or for the Portage,	^

Poftage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Poft from t^nh?lie* Dublin to the several Poft Towns in Ireland, and from the several Poft thereof.

Towns in Ireland to Dublinf shall cease and determine; and that, from

and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter or Poftmafters General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage, Poftage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry or fend Poft from the General Poft Office in Dublin to the several Poft Towns in Ireland, or from the several Poft Towns in Ireland to the General Poft Office in Dub-/i», according to the several Rates and Sums of Money Irijb Currency hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

For the Port and Conveyance ot every Single Letter or Piece of Rats*.

Paper, where the Diftance of the Poft Town to or from which such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be sent, shall not exceed Ten Miles Irifb Meafure from the Poft Office in Dublin, the Sura of Two pence:

Where such Diftance shall exceed Ten Miles, and shall not exceed Twenty Miles, the Sum of Three pence:

R 4	Where

13 & 44 O. J. (I.) £.17.

Regulations for preventing Persons not legally authorized from carrying letters and Packets.

C. 58.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

Where such Diftance shall exceed Twenty Miles, and shall not exceed Thirty Miles, the Sum of Four pence :

Where such Diftance shall exceed Thirty Miles, and shall not exceed Forty Miles, the Sum of Five pence:

Where such Difiance shall exceed Forty Miles, and shall not exceed Fifty Miles, the Sum of Six pence :

Where such Diftance shall exceed Fifty Miles, and shall not exceed Sixty Miles, the Sum of Seven pence :

Where such Diftance shall exceed Sixty Miles, and shall not exceed Eighty Miles, the Sum of Eight pence :

Where such Diftance shall exceed Eighty Miles, and shall not exceed One hundred Miles, the Sum of Nine pence :

And where such Diftance shall exceed One hundred Miles, the Sum of Ten pence :

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Double Letter, Double the said Sums respectively :

And for every Treble Letter, Treble the said Sums respectively : And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding One Ounce in Weight, Four times the said Sums respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter.

4 II. And whereas an A6t was passed in the Parliament of Ireland 4 in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign, for establishing a Poft Office within Ireland, and 4 the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures therein and thereby inflicted 4 and made recoverable against all Persons whatsoever, or Bodies 4 Politic (other than such Poftmafler General as should from time 4 to time be nominated and appointed as in the said Ad is meutioned,

4 and his Deputies, Servants or Agents), carrying, conveying or 4 delivering any Letters or Packets by Sea or Land, or on any Rive?

4 or Canal within Ireland, are found to be totally inadequate to put a 4 flop to or check the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Persons 4 not duly or legally authorized thereto, by which the Duties arising * from the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets sent by 4 the Poft in Ireland are greatly injured and diminished Be it therefore enabled, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, or Body Politic or Corporate, in any Part of Ireland, other than such Poftmafter General as shall from time to time be nominated and appointed as in the said recited Ad of the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years aforesaid is mentioned, and his Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or other Persons acting under the said recited Ad, shall receive, take up, order, dispatch, carry or recarry, convey or deliver, any Letter or Packet (other than as in the said recited Ad is excepted), or make any Colledion of Letters or Packets, or fet up or employ any Foot Poft, Horse Poft, Stage Coach, Packet Boat or other Carriage, VefTel or Boat, or other Person or Persons, Conveyance or Conveyances whatsoever, for the icceiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, carrying, recarrying or conveying, or delivering, any Letter or Packet, by Sea or by Land* or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage or Conveyance whatsoever, within Ireland, whereby or by means whereof any Letter or Letters, or Packet of Letters, fhajl be collected, received, taken up, ordered, dispatched, conveyed,

earned.

A D.i8i3-	53°	GEO.	III.	C.58.	2

carried, recarried or delivered by Sea or Land, or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage within Ireland (other than as before excepted), on Pain of forfeiting the Sum penalty, of Ten Pounds for every OfFence againlt the Tenor of this present A6t, on being thereof convicted by the Oath of One credible Witneffl before any Juflice of the Peace, which Oath any Juftice is hereby empowered to administer, and also the Sum of One hundred Founds for every Week that any Offender again ft this Ad shall receive, take up, order, dispatch, convey, carry, recarry or deliver, or be in the Habit of receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, conveying, carrying, recarrying or delivering any Letter or Letters, or Packet of Letters, by Sea or Land, or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage and Conveyance what-foever within Ireland (other than as before excepted) ; or shall fet up, continue or employ any Foot Poft, Horse Pod, Stage Coach,

Diligence or other Public Coach or Conveyance, Driver or Packet Boat, or other VefTel or Boat, or any Pcrfon or Persons, Conveyance or Conveyances whatsoever, for the receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, conveying, carrying, recarrying or delivering, of any Letter or Packet of Letters, by Sea or by Land, or by any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage or Conveyance, or on any River or Canal within Ireland as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Poftmafler General of Ireland, as {hail from time to time be nominated as aforesaid, and his Deputy or Deputies,

Servants or Agents acting under his Authority, at all times between Sun-rife and Sun-fet, to enter all Houses, Buildings, Carriages, Boats VefTels and Conveyances whatsoever, and to lcarch for all such Letters and Packets as upon Information given on Oath before a Magistrate, he or they may have reason to iufped shall be illegally carried, conveyed or contained therein ; and that if any Person or Persons driving any such Carriages and Conveyances, or navigating such VefTcIs or Boats, or the Proprietors thereof respectively, or the Owners or Inhabitants of any such Houfes or Buildings, shall neglect or refuse to admit such Poftmafter General, his Deputies,

Servants or Agents, ever)' such Person so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, on being thereof convidcd by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before any Juflice of the Peace, which Oath any Juftice is hereby empowered to administer, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, Penalty.

One Moiety of each and every of which Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid and payable to the said Poftmafter General or his Deputy or Treasurer, in Trufl for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors ; and if the said Fines respectively shall not be forthwith paid on Convidion, it shall and may be lawful for such Juflice to commit such Offender to the House of Corredion,	,

there to remain and be confined to hard Labour for any time not ^ exceeding Twenty one Days, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Rates and Duties Rates how hereby granted shall be paid and payable in Irijh Currency, and shall levied, be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered and applied under such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to the like Pro-vifions. Exemptions and Exceptions and Privileges, as are mentioned, expressed and contained in an Ad made in the Forty third Year of 430.3. c 28.

the

2$o	C.5$,59.	53GEO.HL	A.D.1813.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for fronting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent Sy

50 G 3. e. 74. the Pqft within Ireland 5 and also in an A d made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to grant to Pfis Majesty certain additional Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poft within Ireland, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Poft within Ireland ; and that all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Ads of the Forty third and Fiftieth Year* aforesaid, mentioned, exprefted and contained, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties of Poflage* shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Ad, save only so far as respects the Amount, of Duties under the said Ads, or any of them, and save and except so far as the said Ads, or any of them, are altered or repealed by this Ad.

A& altered, See. IV. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered* amended or repealed by any Ad to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Ad to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles.	[3d	June 1813.3

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subieds, tbe

*	W Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament ‘ assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and

*	voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the € Duties and Taxes hereinafter mentioned ;* And do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame*

After Jan 5, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight 1814, Duties on hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid Carnagcs/tc. unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftors, upon and in respect of dule paidta lieu t^ie ^evera^ Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, men* of folrner tioned, specified and exprefted in the Schedule to this Ad annexed* Duties.	the several Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are re-

fpedively described and let forth in the said Schedule, and the said Schedule and all the Exceptions, Exemptions and Regulations therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever; and the said Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and instead and in full Satisfadkm of all Duties and Taxes granted upon or in respect of the like Articles 4$ G. 3. e.41, and Things in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grata to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refheQ of Carriages, Dogst Fire Hearths, Horfesy Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in re[be3 of the like Articles > or by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at the time of the pamng of this Ad,

except

a* i

A.D.1813.	530 GEO. HI.	C.	59.

except only such Doties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purpofes in Ireland, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purpofes by the Ads by which the laid Duties are or shall be granted 6r imposed respectively, or by any other Ad or Ads.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all Duties and Taxes upon Duties on Car. Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, under and by virtue riages, &c. under of the said recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year, or any Schedule 48 G.3.C 41. thereto annexed, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, cease and determine; any thing 4n# ** in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding; except the Exception. Duties under the said Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed, to be Coachmakers, paid by Coachmakers or Makers of Carnages chargeable with Duty, ** made, built or constructed by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for Sale, or on Carriages fold by any Person in Ireland, by Audion or on Commission, which Duties shall continue payable, and (hail be paid by such Coachmakers and Persons felling such Carriages, for and in respect of any Carriages chargeable with Duty under this Ad ; and alio except the Du tv on Race Horfes, which Race Horfes, shall continue to be payable under the (aid recited Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed ; and also except the Duties in respect of Clerks, Book-keepers, Office Keepers and Shopmen, which shall Clerks, An continue to be payable under the said recited Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed ; and also except so far as relates to any Duties or Arrears of Duties on Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, incurred or to be incurred before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and any Fines and Penalties relating thereto respectively.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all the Rates, Duties and Duties paid in Taxes by this Ad and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and BritiOi Car-made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received ana receivable, Jf** according to the Amount thereof in British Currency ; and that all f^/*4**1 and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Ad, the

necefTary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland ; and that the Sum of Six pence in the Pound, and Application of all other Fees which shall or may be payablp to the Lord High certain Fee*

Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Teafurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon iffiuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the said Confolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties Doties ho* and Taxes by this A61, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted levied, and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and shall be railed, levied, collected, paid and sued for and recovered in the fame manner,

and under such rowers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Dire&ions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the railing, collecting, levying, paying and managing of the like Rates, Duties and Taxes, in and by Two several A&s made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and 4y o. 3. Se£ x.

with cc.18.a1.

C.59-

53“ GEO III.

A.D.I813.

14* X5 Car. 1. (t) tefll 4. c.8.

Carriages, Horfes and

Male Servants, additional Duty for every IOoL of Amount of Duty under c. 42.

with the like Powers and Authorities as are given in and by an A& made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Ye irsof the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the settling the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inf rted ; or in and 3. c.ioC. by an A<Sl made in the Forty sixth Year of His piefent Majesty** Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the letter Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffoners of Cufloms and Por\ Duties, and of the Commiffoners of Inland Excife ana Taxes in Irelind, or in or by any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating 1.0 the Revenues under the Management of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, as fully and efledtually to all Inter ts and Purpofes as if the fame Rules and Diredlions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein exprefted and enabled, except only so far as the fame are altered or repealed by this present Adi, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Adis or any of them is or may be provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That tor the Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be charged, raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftors, over and above all Rates, Duties and Taxes charged or chargeable or paid or payable upon and in respect of the several Carriages, Horfes and Male Servants reipe&ively. described and fet forth in an Adi made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in refpeB of the like Articles, and in the Schedule to the said Adi annexed, under and by virtue of the said A£t, and the Schedule thereto annexed, an additional Rate, Tax or Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Rates, Taxes or Duties payable upon or in respect of such Carriages, Horfes and Male Servants respectively, under or by virtue of the laid recited Adi, or the Schedule thereto annexed, or by any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this Adi; and that for of Win- ^le Year beginning the said Sixth Day of January One thousand Sirs addition 1 eight hundred and thirteen, and ending the said Fifth Day of Duty of 251. for January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there fhau also be charged, raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his q “ty Heirs and Succeftors, over and above all Rates, Taxes and Duties charged or chargeable or paid or payable on Houfes in Ireland, in refpcdl of the Windows or Lights therein, under and by virtue of the said recited A61 of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or of any Schedule annexed to the said A£l, or under or by virtue of an A& made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty on Dwelling Houfes in Ireland, in rcfpe3 of the Windows or Lights therein, the Rates and Duties hereinafter described and fet forth ; that is to fay.

For and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House in Ireland\ having mpre than Six Windows or Lights therein, an additional Rate, Tax or Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of

Twenty

C.4*. and

I0O.3.C.7 5.

*53

A.D.iii3-

53" GEO. m.

Twenty fire Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Rates, Taxes or Duties payable on such Houses, in refjpeft of the Windows or Lights therein, under the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or any Schedule thereto annexed ; and also a like additional Rate, Tax or Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties payable on such Houfes in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, under or by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, or under or by virtue of any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers How Duties appointed by or acting under the Orders and Directions of the ckjrged»*d Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to collect or lcvie<h superintend the Colleftion of the said Rates and Taxes, or any of them, shall charge every Person in Ireland, who hath been or is or shall be charged or chargeable with, or who hath paid or shall pay any Rates and Duties on Carriages, Dogs, Horfes or Male Servants, or on Houfes having more than Six Windows or Lights therein, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, for the Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, under or by virtue of the said recited Afts of the Forty

*	eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, with a further and additional Rate,

Tax and Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of all fuen Rates, Taxes and Duties, as shall have been or shall be charged or chargeable on, and as shall have been or shall be paid by any such Person or Persons respectively in or for the laid Year, under any Aft or Afts in force immediately before the patting of this Aft; and such further or additional Charge shall be made by the said Officers

at the time when the Charge of the new Rates, Duties and Taxes on	,

Carnages, Dogs, Horfes or Male Servants, or in respect to such Houfes as aforesaid granted by this Aft shall be made on such Persons by such Officers for the Year beginning on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and the said further and additional Rates, Taxes and Duties for the said Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be paid by the Parties charged therewith, at the fame time and in such manner as the Rates, Taxes and Duties chargeable and payable for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, shall be payable ; and with all such and the Tike Powers and Remedies for recovering and levying the fame, as are given for the recovering and levying any such Rates,

Taxes or Duties under or by virtue ot an Aft made in the Forty 47 G3. SsfTi. seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to c. ax. provide for regulating and securing the Colledion of certain Rates and

*	Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths%

Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Dogs and Carriages, or under or by virtue of any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland\ relating to the said Rates, Taxes and Duties, or any of them.

SCHEDULE

53® GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

254	C.59.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE of Duties payable in Ireland on the several Articles, Matters and Things therein mentioned.

COACHES and CARRIAGES.

CARRIAGES with Four Wheels; videlicet,

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calafli or Chaife with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law, which any Person shall keep or have in his or her Poffeflion at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January following, the yearly Sum of -

And m all cases for every additional Body fuc-ceflively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of

Rate for each Carriage.

jC. /. J.

10 10 o

4 4°

CARRIAGES with less than Four Wheels; videlicet,

For and upon every Curricle or other Carriage, drawn by Two Horfes abreast, the yearly Sum of And for every additiQnal Body successively used op the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of	-

For and upon every Chaife not otherwise charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of For ana upon every Car made use of, and fitted up for carrying Persons commonly known by the Name of a Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, and for and upon every Carriage or Vehicle made use of as a Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, by whatever Name such Carriage or Vehicle may be calied, the yearly Sum of For and upon every Chaise, Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, drawn by Two or more Horfes not being abreast, the yearly Sum of

900

300

S 5 o

220

660

EXEMPTIONS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaifes and Coaches, and Chaifes and other Carriages kept for Hire, except such as shall be kept for Hire by any Person letting out Horfes to travel Poft, or by the Mile, who shall charge, demand or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any Carriage subject to Duty by this A&, travelling Poft by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, than such Person charges for his or her own Carriage of the lame Denomination travelling Poft in like manner.

Carriages kept for Sale, for which a Duty of One Pound or Tea Shillings shall have been paid by the Maker thereof.

HORSES.

A.D.i8i3>

53* GEO. II!.

*JS

C- 59-

HORSES.

For all Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, which any Person or Persons shall have or keep at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpofe of Riding, or for the Purpofe of Drawing any Carriage whatever chargeable with Duty (except Carnages kept for Hire, in cases where such Carriages shall be so chargeable), the several yearly Sums following ; that is to fay.

.			£	/.	J.

For One such Horse, Mare, Gelding or	Mule	•	I	IO	0

Two, each		m	2	o	0

Three, each -		m	2	IO	0

Four, each		_	3	o	0

Five, each			3	5	0

Six, each		.	3	IO	0

Seven, each			3	15	0

Eight, each -		•	4	0	0

Nine, each			4	5	0

Ten, each			4	IO	0

Eleven, each			4	15	0

Twelve, or more, each		-	5	0	0 '

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule under Three \ ears old.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule which shall be used truly and without Fraud, for the Purpofe of Hufbandry only on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse or other Bead, or for the Purjjofe of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the Courfe of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule shall belong, although such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule shall be used for Riding on the Occadons and in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen (nail have by such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, or for the Purpofe of procuring Medical Affistance, or for the Purpofe of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worship, or to or from any Ele&ion of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Juftice, provided such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule shall not on any Occafion be used for any other Purpose, save as aforesaid.

One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, used only for the Purpofe of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty under this A6t, by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly, or by an Ecclefiaftical Person not pofTeifed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Eccleftaftical Preferment or •therwife.

One

256	C.	59.	53"	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Non Commiffioned Officer or Private, in any of the Regiments of Cavalry or in the Artillery.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolied, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland* who shall have attended on Horfeback One Half at the lead of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise, or be on Duty in the Year; and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, there shall be paid the yearly Sums, Duties and Taxes following; that is to fay.

	£. /. d.

For 1 Male Servant -	l 10 0

2 Male Servants, each	2 00

3 Male Servants, each	2 IO O

4 Male Servants, each	3 00

5 Male Servants, each	3 7 6

6 Male Servants, each	3 15 0

7 Male Servants, each*	4 26

8 Male Servants, each	4 10 0

9 Male Servants, each	4176

10 Male Servants, each	550

11 Male Servants, and upwards, each	5 12 6

For every such Servant retained or employed by any	

Male Person never having been married, where the	

Duty on such Servant according to the above Rate	

shall not exceed the Sum of Four Pounds, an	

additional Duty equal to One Half of the Amount	

of the above Duties refpe&ivcly ; and where fuch	

Duty shall exceed the Sum of Four Pounds, then	

an additional Duty of •	2 00

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Servant (other than fucli as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Mailer is subject to Duty) who shall be really retained or employed for the rurpofe of Hufbandry or Manufa&ure, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Mafler or Miflrefs of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin* or any Servant of the Royal Hofpital near Ktlmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hofpital or Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin, or of any Hofpital or Charitable Inftitution.

L.

AJD.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.59*	257

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horf? or Dragoons under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant, and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery,

Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer fhaM belong, and any Servant of any Officer in His Majefty’s Navy under the Rank of a Matter and Commander in acfual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majefty’s Navy,

Army or Marines, provided such Officer shall retain no more thaw one such Servant only.

Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years by the Foundling Hofpital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Inttitution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children supported in the Whole or in Part by Public Money or Afleflment.

WINDOWS.

For and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House having more than Six Windows or Lights, there shall he paid the several and refpec-tive yearly Rates following; that is to fay.

.	£ s. d.

In respect of 7 Windows or Lights	0176

8	I 40

9	1 11 6

xo	2 00

11	29 6

12 - -	300

*3	3116

! 14	440

15	4 >7 6

16	5 120

17	676

18	7 13 0

*9	8 is 9

20	IO OO

And in respect of every Window or Light more than	

Twenty in Number, there shall be paid for each fuch	

Window or Light the further yearly Rate or Sum	

of ....	O IO O

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majefty's Cattle of Dublin and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Refidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandy or of the Undersecretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of 53 Geo. XIf.	S	Queen

*5*	<j. 59,60.	53'	GEO.	III.	A.V.1Z13

Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties.

Airy WaTehoufe or Workhouse, being a distinct and separate Building, aud r.ot a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part nor in the Whole as a Dwelling House* but employed solely for the Purpofc of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties.

If in any House, containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms (hail be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying rcfpec-tively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House in refpe£l of all the Windows or Lights therein as shall in respect of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deducted from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hofpital, Charity School or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prifon or Seffions House, or any Hall, Office or public Building whatsoever in Ireland shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 thfct is to fay, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any such public Building being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, and all such Rooms or Apartments not containing more than Six Windows or Lights shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House; and the Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servant such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with or liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers of inhabited Houfes are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the fame.

Any Dwelling House or other Building in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with or used for a Loom, which shall be (landing at such Window and really used in Weaving.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocefe, or the Justices at Seflions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

C A P. LX.

An A£l for the better Colle&ion of the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds on His Majefty’s Revenue therein.	[3d	June	1813.]

4 XT7HEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several A6ls in force

•	VV for securing, collecting and levying the Duties payable in 4 Ireland upon Hides and Skins tanned, and upon Hides and Skins

•	drefled in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; 4 and to make further Regulations for that Purpofe ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with

A.D.i8i3'

53° GEO. Ill,

C. 60.

2 59

the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and TempdraJ, and 40 o. 3, (I ) r. 9. Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- 41 g". 3! (U.K.) rity of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of Sep- c 4j. * 6. timber One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an A& made in 4zCJ,3- c .36. Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled g ^*r' An AQ for the better ColleQion of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned § 24. 3 ° ^ and dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and 44 G. 3. c. tcj. for preventing Frauds on His Majejly's Revenue therein ; and also 450.3-c.108.5r. so much and such Part of any Adi or Adis as have been made in 46g.3.c.i2o.§i. the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for continuing or amending	*2,

the (aid recited Adi of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, shall be and the 48 g.3. c. 61.51. fame are hereby repealed ; and that all Licences which shall have repealed, been granted fmce the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to any Person or Persons in Ireland to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather, or to dress Hides and Skins in Oil, or to make Vellum or Parchment, (hail cease and determine and become utterly void on the said Twenty ninth Day of When Licences September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 any thing in <hall expire, any Adi or Ads to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hail extend or be

conftrued to extend to repeal, alter or affect the Colledlion of any

Duty or of any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have been or

may be due or chargeable, or which have been or shall be incurred

at any time previous to the said Twenty ninth Day of September One

thousand eight hundred and thirteen : Provided also, that it shall and Exception* a*to

may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Duties and

Ireland, to repay or allow to any Person or Persons to whom any

such Licence shall have been granted as aforesaid, between the

Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, One Half Part of the Repayment of

Stamp Duty paid by such Person or Persons for such Licences, Licence Duty.

either on their taking out a new Licence under this Adi, or at fuch

time and in such manner as the said Commifiioners shall think proper

to order and direct.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all Licences to be granted at Licences to con-any time after the palling of this Adi, to any Person or Persons in tiuue in force. Ireland, to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather, or to

drefs Hides or Skins in Oil, or to make Vellum or Parchment, shall continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, and no longer.

III.	And, for the better securing, colledling and levying all Duties payable in Ireland upon Hides and Skins tanned, and upon Skin9 dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for avoiding all Doubts and Controverfies concerning the several Kinds of Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins to be charged with Duty, be it enacted, That by tanned Hides and Skins Definition of and tanned Pieces of Hides and Skins, are meant such as are tanned tanned leather in Ooze made of the Bark of Trees, or Sumack, or any other Ma- Jreffann oil. terial, whereof the principal Ingredient shall be such Bark or Sumack 5

and that by Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, or Pieces of Hide9 and Skin6 dressed in Oil, are meant such as not having been tanned with Bark or Sumack are dressed in Oil, or such as are made into Leather in Oil, or with any Liquor or Material whereof the chiefeff Ingredient dull be Oil.

S 2

IV. And

l6ft

C.6oi

53’GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

(lull deliver a particular Account of Yards, Pits, 8cc. to be enrt-red at Ex-cife Office of Diftritt.

Before Licences	IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be

nr,”t^iZll,rer*	to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep a Tan Yard or

* — - Tan pit, or tQ tarl Leatiler or to dress Hides or Skins in Oil, or to make Vellum or Parchment, the Person or Persons requiring such Licence shall, before any such Licence shall be granted, make out, fiprn and deliver to the Colleftor of the Di(ln£t an Account.in Writing, to be entered and regiltered in the Office of Excife in the Diftrift in which the Tan Yard, "Pan Pit or Manufaftory of such Person shall be iituate, containing his or her Name, and Place ot Places of Abode, and the Place where such Tan Yard, Tan Pit or Manufactory is fituatc, and specifying every Tail Yard, Tan House or other Yard and Workhouse, Mill, Store and other Place by him or her to be used for the tanning, dressing, and drying or keeping of any Hides or Skins, or for making any Vellum or Parchment ; and also specifying the Number or Situation of all the Pits and Vats therein refpec-tively, for tanning or dressing of such Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or for making Vellum or Parchment, distinguishing the Number of Pits called Lime Pits, and the Number of Pits called Mafter-ins, and the Number of Pits called Vats, Handlers or Latches refpec-tively, and the Number of Cubic Feet in each and every such Pits called Vats Handlers and Latches, respectively, and in each and every other Pit in every Tail Yard kept by such Person, in which Bark is used or intended to be used ; and in such written Account the Person making the fame shall distinguish every such Pit, and every such Mill, Workhouse, Store or other Place by separate Numbers relating to each, in arithmetical Progrefiion, beginning with Number One, and upon some vifibie Part of eve»*y such Pit, and also upon the Out-fide of the Door of every such Workhouse, Mill, Store or other Place, the Person requiring such Licence and making out such Account shall paint or cause to be painted with Oil Colour, in black on a white Ground, or in white upon a black Ground, and shall keep thereon so painted in a legible manner, the Number of each such Pit, and of each such Workhouse, Mill, Store or other Place respectively, in Conformity with such Account; and that the Surveyor of Excife within whose Survey such Manufactory shall be frtuate, shall at the Bottom of every such Account, before the fame shall be delivered to or received by the Collector, certify such Account by signing his Name thereto, and thereupon the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of Excife of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Regiftry, by giving a Copy thereof signed by him, to the Party who delivered such Account; and before any such Licence shall be granted at any time after the passing of this Aft, such Certificate shall be produced to the Commiflioners of Excife, or to the Person empowered by such Commiflioners to grant such Licence ; and such Account and Regiftry, aud every such Certificate thereof, shall be Evidence on any Queftion that shall or may arise on any Information, in consequence of or touching any of the Provifions of this Aft.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall tan in Ooze, or dress in Oil, or cause to be tanned or dressed as aforesaid, atiy Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or shall make any Vellum or Parchment, or shall make use of anv Tan House, Tan Yard or other Yard, Workhouse, Mill or other tlace, or any Pit or Vat, or any

Store

Account, Ac. Evidence.

Tanning or iriiig Yard* or Pit*, without Account delivered and Licence obtained

CjOOQLe

C. 60.

AJX1813.	53* GEO.	HE.

2S1

Store for the tanning or dracting, drying or keeping of Hides or Skins, or for making Vellum or Parchment before such Person shall have made out, signed and delivered such Account as aforesaid, or without being duly licenced according to Law, or shall omit to paint or cause to be painted in manner hereinbefore directed, or to Keep painted in a legible manner upon each such Pit, Workhouse,

Mill, Store or other Place respectively, the Number thereof refpec-tirely, in Conformity with such Account, every such Person shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every Day such Tan House, Tan Yard, Penalty. Workhouse, Mill or other Place, or any such Pit or Vat shall be used for any of the respective Purpofes aforesaid ; and that all Hides Tanning, and Skins and Pieces of Hides tanned in any manner, or dressed in lienee not duly Oil, or being in the Procefs of such tanning or dressing, and all ^ante Vellum and Parchment, and Skins making into Vellum or Parchment, which shall be found in any Tan Yard, Tan House, Mill, Workhoufe or other Yard or Place for which a Licence in force shall not have been duly granted, or of which such Account shall not have been made out, iigned and delivered as is by this Ad required, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife in Ireland ; Penahy* and that if any Tanner or Person requiring such Licence a3 aforesaid,

shall omit to make out, (ign and deliver such Account as by this Ad is required, of the Number of cubic Feet in each and every of the Pits called Vats, Handlers and Latches, and in each and every other Pit respectively in every Tan Yard kept by such Tanner or Person requiring such Licence, in which Bark is intended to be used, or shall make any false Return of Pits or Vats, or of the Cubic Feet in any Pit or Vat whereof a Return of the Number of such Feet is hereby required to be made, or if any Bark shall be found in any Pit or Vat belonging to any Tanner or Person which shall not in such Return be described as a Pit or Vat for using Bark or other Ooze for tanning, every such Tanner or Person for every such Default or Offence shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful Officcismay for any Officer of Excife at any time in the Day-time to enter into any enter and take Tan Yard, Tan House, Workhouse, Mill or other Yard or Place Accouut* w hatever, used by any Tanner or Currier, or any Drefler of Hides or Skins in Oil, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or any Place where any such Hides, Skins, Vellum or Parchment shall be, and to search for, view and take an Account of all Pits, Vats and Places therein used for the tanning of Hides and Skins, and of the Dimen-iions thereof, and to search for, view and take an Account of all Pits, Vats and Places used for dressing of Hides and Skins in Oil, or for making Vellum or Parchment, and the Ufes to which such Pits, Vats or other Places are applied ; and if any Tanner, Drefler of Leather in Oil, or Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or his or her Servant, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excife at the T311 House, Tan Yard or other Place of such Tanner, Drefler or Maker, admit such Officer therein, or shall not permit such Officer to view or take fuph Account of, or to measure all or any such Pits, Vats and other Places as aforesaid ; or if any Tanner shall not on Demand of any Officer of Excife, clear all Hides and Skins out of any Pit or Vat which such Officer may require so to be cleared in ord^r to enable him to measure the fame; every such Tanner, Drefler and Maker refpc&ivejy, (hail for every such Negle& or Refufal by

S	3	him

262

Penalty.

Tanners ami Sureties to enter into a Bond, before Lueme (ranted.

Duty on Tan-ficr* with Bark.

Officers to make

Monthly

Returns.

Officer*' Returns Charges ou Tanners.

C.6o.	53® GEO. III. ■	A.D.1813*

him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	'

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather with Bark, unless the Person requiring the fame shall, with Two sufficient Sureties, have executed a Bond to His Majesty in a penal Sum, after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in the Tan Yard of such Person chargeable under this Ad, conditioned to pay all such Sums of Money as by virtue of this Ad or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland such Tanner shall be charged with, and also to pay and satisfy all Penalties to which such Tanner shall be liable under this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland; and that no Licence shall be granted to any Person orPerfons to tan Hides or Skins with Bark, unless the Pit or Pits in the Tan Yard of such Perfou chargeable under this Ad, according to the Number of Cubic Feet therein contained, shall contain Four hundred Cubic feet in the Whole at lead ; and that any Licence which shall be granted to any Person, the Pit or Pits in whose Tan Yard shall contain less than Four hundred Cubic Feet in the Whole, shall be null and void.

VII I. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, every Tanner of Hides and Skins with Bark shall, from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and within every following Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September be charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of Tanned Hides and Skins, according to the whole Amount of the Number of Cubic Feet contained in all the Pits (except Lime Pits, Mafterins and Water Pools for simple Water) in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Place or Places whatever, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Veflels used with or containing Bark $ that is to fay, every such Tanner shall be charged with and pay a Duty at the Rate of Nine pence by the Year, in respect of each and every Cubic Foot contained in all the Pits in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards or other Places, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Placet in which Bark is used, without making any allowance whatever for the Contents of any Pits called Latches; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom notwithstanding: And the Officers of Excife shall make Monthly Returns to the Colleftors of the Diftrifta respectively, in which such Tan Yards shall be situated, of the Duty at the lUte aforesaid; that is to fay, such Officers shall Monthly, on every Twenty fifth Day of the Mouths of OQober* November, December, January, i*V-bruary, March, April and Mayy Twenty fourth Day of June, Twenty fifth Day of July and Augujl, and Twenty ninth Day of September, make a Return of One Twelfth Part of the whole Amount ot the Sum which such Tanner is by this Aft chargeable with in respect of the whole Number of Cubic Feet in his or her aforesaid Pits within the Year, and such Return shall be a Charge on every Tanner against whom the fame shall be made and returned, and (htu be received as and for the Amount of the Duty payable by Weight and Tale on Hides and Skins tanned with Bark only : And every such Tanner shall pay the Sum so charged and returued within On*

Calendar

^ooQie

C. 6a

A.D.1813.

53# GEO. IIL

Calendar Month after each of the said respective Days 5 and in Default of paying the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds and double the Amount of the Sum so returned, and shall not after such Default fend, deliver or carry out, or suffer to be carried out, any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, until such Sum shall have been paid, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds and double the Value of the Hides or Skins delivered or carried out; and no Hides or Skins tanned with Bark only shall be counted, weighed or marked with any Stamp to denote the charging of Duty thereon.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That all Hides and Skins whatever, not having been dressed with Bark or Sumack, which shall be dressed in Oil, shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the several Duties for every Pound Weight Avoidupois thereof, imposed on Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, pnder and by virtue of an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in ref fed thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and Drawbacks.

X.	Provided alio, and be it enacted, That if any Tanner with Bark shall at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of April and the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, choose to difeontimie the working or using any of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard, used with Bark (being not more than One Fourth of the whole Number of such Pits or Vats, nor more than the Number of such Pits or Vats as shall contain One Fourth of the Number of Cubical Feet in the whole Number of such Pits or Vats), for the Remainder of such Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing, it shall and may be lawful for such Tanner.so to do ; provided that such Difcontinuauce (hail not take place, except at the End of some Month for which such Tanner is chargeable with Duty as aforesaid; and provided also, that Notice in Writing of the Day when such Tanner shall discontinue the Ufe of such Pits or Vats* specifying the Number of Pits or Vats and the Cubic Contents thereof, and each and every Pit and Vat respectively, and the Cubic Content of each and every Pit and Vat respectively intended to be difeontinued, shall have been given Ten Days before such Day, to the Chief Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Revenue as also to the Colleftor of Excife of theDillrifts, and to the Surveyor and Gauger of the Walk in which such Tan Yard shall be 5 and in such case, a proportionable Deduction, according to the Number of Cubic Fee t m the Pits or Vats so difeontinued, for the time such Pits or Vatt shall not be emploved, shall be made from the future Monthly Charges on such Tanner in respect of such Pits or Vats so difeontinued ; and every Pit or Vat, the Ufe of which shall be so difeon-tinned, shall, in the Prefence of the Officer in charge of the Tan Yard of such Tanner, be effectually filled up with Stones or other Rubbilh ; and if any Tanner shall neglect or refuse to fill up such Pit or Vat so difeontinued as aforesaid, or shall, after the Time mentioned in any such Notice, work or use any Pit or Vat of the Difcontinuance of which Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or shall work or use any greater Number of Pits or Vats than the Number of the Pits or Vats remaining in the Tan Yard of such Tanner*

S 4	after

263

Penalty.

Penalty.

Hides dressed in Oil to pay Duties by former Act.

47 O. 3 SefT. x, c. id.

Tanner di Continuing Part of Pits.

Notice.

C* 6c*

2^4

Penalty.

Tanners with Sumack, Dref-fers of Skins in Oil, and Parchment Makers, to*give Notice before Hides, Ac. taken out to ho dried.

Penalty.

Officers to take A ccount of ^kins dried.

CMk.

Penalty.

53* GEO. Ill,

A'.D*i8i3-

after dedu&ing the Number of Pits or Vats of the Difcent in uancr of which such Notice shall have been given, every such Tanner shall, for every such Pit or Vat exceeding such Remainder, forfeit the Sum of Eifty Pounds, and shall be chargeable in refpett of every (uch Pit or Vat, and in respect of every Cubic Foot therein, as if no such Notice of Difcontimiance had been given or delivered.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, and every* Drefler of Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, shall from time to time, before any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or any Piece or Pieces of any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins shall be taken out of the Mill, Ooze, Liquor, Oil or other Material, in any Tan House, Tan Yard or other Yard, or in any Vat or Pit used by such Tanner or Drefler for Tanning, (leeping or dressing any Hides or Skins, to be dried or otherwise disposed of, give Forty* eight Hours’ Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife in charge of the Walk in which such Tan Yard, Tan House or other Place shall be, cf the time when any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or any Piece or Pieces of any Hide or Hides or Skin or Skins, or any Vellum or Parchment shall be taken out of the Mill, Ooze, Liquor, Oil or other Materials, in order to be dried or otherwise disposed of; and for every Default of giving such Notice, every such Tanner, Drefler and Maker making such Default, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Skius with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, and every Drefler of any Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, shall from time to time permit any Officer of Excife, and every such Officer is ht reby empowered to take an Account of the Number and Quality of all Hides and Skius, Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which shall be taken out of the Ooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil or other Material, in order to be dried or otherwise disposed of; and every such Tanner, Drefler and Maker, shall within Two Days after such taking out, and before the carrying away of any such Hide or Hides; or Skin or Skins, or any Piece or Pieces of any Hide or Hides or Skin or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, from the Tan Yard, Tan House or other Yard or Place belonging to such Tanner, Drefler or Maker, or from the usual Place or Places where such Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or such Vellum or Parchment, arc or shall be usually dried, make true Entry with the Col* lector of the Diflriet, or the Surveyor or Gauger in the Walk, of the Number and Quality of every of the Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skius, and Vellum and Parchment, so taken out of the Ooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil or other Materials, from the Time any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins comprised in the lafl preceding Entry, were taken out; such time to be particularly described, and also the Purpofes for which they are respectively adapted, and for which they are refpc&ively intended by liim or her to he used ; and shall verify such Entry by Affidavit upon Oath, which Qath any Col-Je&or, Sub Commiffioner or Surveyor in Hi* Majcfty’s Revenue of Excife, is empowered and required to admitiiller ; and for every Default of any such Tanner, Drefler or Maker, in making such Entry, or verifying the fame by Affidavit as aforesaid, he or (he (halj forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

XIII. And

,C. 60.

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

265

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Officer* may en-for any Officer of Excife, at any time in the Day-time, to enter into ter Places used any Tan House, Tan Yard, Workhouse, Mill or other Yard or Place	and

used by any Tanner of Skins with Snmack, or of Skins tanned for Mak-rTnnd by Roans, Gloves or Bafils, or by any DrefTer of Hides or Skins in Oil, Dealers, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or into any Place where any such Skins, Vellum or Parchment shall be, to search and fee what Quantities of Hides or Skins and'Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parchment respectively, are taken out of the Mill, Ooze, Liquor,

Oil or other Material, to be dried or made fit for Sale or Ufe ; and also into the Houfes and other Places belonging to every Dealer in Leather tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Eafils, and every Place where such tanned Leather, Leather dressed in Oil, or Vellum or Parchment, shall be stored or shall be kept to be weighed or fold or manufactured, in order that such Officer may search and fee whether the Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment therein be duly (lamped; and if any such Tanner or any DrefTer of Hides and Skins in Oil, or Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or Dealer in such Leather, Vellum or Parchment, or Owner or Occupier of any such Place as aforesaid, or his or her Servant, shall refuse such Entrance to any Officer of Excife, or not permit any such Officer to enter as afovelaid, every such Tanner, Dreffer or Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or Dealer in Leather, Vellum or Parchment, or Owner or Occupier, who or whole Servant shall refuse or not permit such Entrance as aforesaid, shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Tanner or Dreffer of Hides or Skins, or Penalty. Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or Dealer in Leather, Vellum or Parchment^ or his or her Servant, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excife at the Tan Yard, or other Place of such Tanner,

Dreffer, Maker or Dealer in Leather, Vellum or Parchment, where any Hides or Skins, or Vellum or Parchment are kept, (hew such Officer all the Stock of Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins and Vellum and Parchment in the Poffeffion of such Tanner,

Dreffer, Maker or Dealer in Leather, or Vellum or Parchment, or shall not permit such Officer to take an Account thereof, every such Tanner, Dreffer, Maker or Dealer, shall for every Negleft or Refufal, by him or her, or by his or her Servant, forfeit Twenty Pounds ; and Penalty, if any Person shall fraudulently conceal any Hides or Skins whatever, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or any Vellum or Parchment, to the Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors of the Duty payable thereon, then and in every such case such Person shall, for every Tuch Offence, forfeit Twenty Pounds, and all Skins tanned in Penalty, manner aforesaid, and all such Hides, Calves Skins or other Skins whatever, and all Pieces of Hides or Skins dressed in Oil, and all Vellum and Parchment, which shall have been removed and carried away before the several Duties payable upon or in rcfpetl of the fame shall be severally charged and entered as by this Adi is directed, or which shall not be (hewn to any Officer of Excife after Demand as aforesaid, or which shall be fraudulently hidden or concealed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife; and all Hides In wlwt and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned or dressed as afore- deemoi von-said, and all Vellum and Parchment, found in any Place belonging to ccjled* such Tanner or Dreffer cf Leather, or Maker of Vellum or Parchment,

Of

2 p6

C.6o.

53° GEO. IH.

A.D.1823.

Removing Skins 4nt Parchment.

Votic*

•i dkins,&c.

Weights, Numbers and Qualities of Skius •Meted.

of which such Notice as aforesaid shall not have been given, shall be deemed and taken to be concealed.

XIV.	And be it further etiacted, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, and every Dreffer of any Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, shall from time to time, before any Hides or Skins, or any Vellum or Parchment shall be removed from any of his, her or their Yards, Workhoufes or other Places of deeding, drying or keeping the fame respectively, give Two Days’ Notice in YVriting to the Officer of Excile, of all Hides or Skins and Pieces thereof, and all Vellum and Parchment, which he, (he or they intend to remove, to the Intent that the Officer of Excife may afeertain the Duties payable for the fame, according as the fame are chargeable by Weight or

Officers permit- Tale; and every such Tanner, Dreffer aud Maker shall permit any ted to weigh and Officer of Excife, at hia or her Yard or Place where fuck Hides or take Accounts Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or Vellum or Parchment, shall be dreffect, dried or kept, to weigh and take an Acconnt of the Numbers and Quality thereof, and of the Weight of all such Hides, Calves Skins or other Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, as are chargeable with Duty by Weight, before the fame shall be removed from the Places of dressing, fiuifhing, drying or keeping the fame respectively.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That when the Duties chargeable on Skins tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, or on any Hides or Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins dressed in Oil,, or on any Vellum and Parchment, shall be ascertained by Weight or Tale, the Officers of Excife shall enter in a Book the refpc&ive Weights and Numbers and Quality of all such Hides and Skint, aud Pieces of Hides and Skins, ami Vellum and Parchment, whereof the Duties shall have been 10 ascertained as aforesaid, and shall make a Return or Report thereof in Writing to the Colle&or of the Diftrid, leaving a Copy thereof under his Hand with the refpedivc Tanners or Dreffers cf such Hides and Skint, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Makers of such Vellum and Parchment 5 which Return or Report shall be a Charge on the Tanners, or Dreffers of such Hides, Calves Skins or other Skins whatever, and Pieces of such Hides and Skins, and the Makers of such Vellum and Parchment refpeCtively.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the Duty upon such Skius, and Piece.* of Skins, tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Halils, and upon any Hides or Skint, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dressed in Oil, and upon such Vellum and Parchment, shall be ascertained by Weight or Tale as aforesaid, and an Entry thereof made in a Book to be kept by the Officer or Officers who shall have so ascertained the fame, such Officer or Offi» cers shall cause every Hide and Skin, and every Piece of a Hide and Skin, and all Vellum and Parchment, whereof .the Duty shall be so ascertained, to be marked with such Mark as this Ad directs to be used, to denote the charging of such Duty as aforesaid; Provided always, that in case any Tanner, Dreffer or Finilhcr of such Hides and Skins, or Maker of Vellum and Parchment, shall desire that the said Mark be made upon any particular Part thereof, then the Officer marking the fame shall mark such Hide or Skin, Vellum or Parchment accordingly; and Officers in marking Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, (h?U do no Damage or the lead Damage that may be to the fame*

XVII, And

Duties maiked •a Skins.

Marks put

wbiic desired.

C. 60.

167

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

XVII.	And, For the better ascertaining of the Duty chargeable by Weight or Tale on all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Balils, upon all Hides or Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dressed in Oil, and upon Vellum and Parchment ; aud for preventing Frauds between the Officers of Excife and Tanners, Dieffers and Makers thereof, be it enacted, That every such Tanner or Drester, and every Undamped Maker of Vellum and Parchment, shall keep all such Hides aud Skin* kept Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and all Vellum and Parch- Separate at well -ment, which have not been duly stamped by any Officer of Excife, «itamyad. separate from all Hides and Skins, aud Pieces of Hides and Skins,

and Vellum and Parchment, which shall have been duly stamped with the Stamp denoting the charging of such Duty ; and mall also keep all such last mentioned Elides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, separate from all other Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, which art any time or times before had been stamped, for the Space of Two Days after the stamping thereof, unless the fame shall have been sooner reweighed or taken an Account of by the proper Officer of Excife, on Pain of Forfeiture for every Offence therein the Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds: And if any Skins, or Pieces of Skins, tanned with Su-mack, or tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, shall be removed from the Yard or Drying Place or Stores of any Tanner thereof; or if any Hides or Skios, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, dressed or finiffied in Oil, or any Vellom or Parchment, shall he removed or conveyed from the Yard or Drying Place or Stores of any Drefler or Maker thereof, before the Expiration of Two Days next after the Stamping thereof, unless the fame shall sooner have been weighed or taken an Account of by the proper Officer of Excife, t ie Tanner or Drefler of such Elides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, and Maker of such Vellum or Parchment, shall for every time be shall offend herein forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Pemlty.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Person who shall Sra'es »nd tan as aforesaid, or dress in Oil any such Hides or Skins or Weights yni-Pieces thereof, shall at ever)* Yard or Place used by such Person vule<*«

for drying Hides and Skins, provide and keep, at his or her own Cofts and Charges, sufficient and just Scales ar.d Weights for weighing and reweighing all such Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins which shall be in their refpe£Hve Yards aud other Places, and shall bring or cause the fame to be brought to the Scales, and shall assist the Officers of Excife in weighing and reweighing such Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins, in such manner as such Officer shall think most convenient, and in examining from time to time the depending Stock of Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins of every such Tanner and Drefler of

XIX« And be it further enabled, That if upon any reweighing On r*we?-hinf, of any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins chargeable bj Hide* and Ski.»• Weight, the fame shall be found to be of greater Weight than ^har^ed ac'**' the Weight according to which the fame were respectively charged cordfngly." with Duty on the fir ft weighing of the fame, all such Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins shall be charged with Duty according to such greater Weight; and the Officer of Excife who shall have reweighed the lame, shall make a Return or Report

Leather.

thereof

When Duties on Skins to be p«id.

Not paying within Time

prescribed.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Not keeping just Scales and Weighs

Penalty,

Penalty.

C. 6o.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

thereof to the Colle&or of the Diftrid, in the fame manner as any Officer is hereby directed to make a Return or Report of the fir ft weighing thereof 5 and such Return or Report shall in like manner be a Charge on the Tanners or Dreffers thereof respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and every Dreffer of Leather in Oil, and Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hail pay off and discharge all the Duties charged upon him or her in respect of ail such Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment so marked as aforesaid, within One Month if in the City of Dublin or the Liberties adjoining, and within Two Months in all other Parts of Ireland, after the fame shall be so marked and stamped as aforesaid, to the Colle6lor of the Diftrift in which he or she shall reside ; and such Collector is hereby required to give Receipts for ail the Money he shall from time to time receive for the Duties aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall pay the fame.

XXI And be it further enacted, That every Tanner so charged with the refpc&ive Duties on Skins tanned with Sumack, and Skins tanned for Roa« s, Gloves and Bafils, and every Dreffer of Hides and Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, so charged with the refpc£tive Duties thereon, who ffiall neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid within the time aforesaid, ffiall forfeit for every such NegleA the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Double the Amount of the Duty, the Payment whereof ffiall not be so made ; and ffiall not after such Negle& or Default fend, deliver or carry out, or suffer to he carried out, any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, until all such Duty as aforesaid ffiall have been paid and cleared off, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Double the Value of the Hides or Skins or Vellum or Parchment so delivered or carried out.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Tanner or Dreffer of Leather ffiall not keep at every Yard or other Place used by him or her for drying or keeping Hides or Skins, just Scales and Weights as this A6t directs, or ffiall by himself or her-ft-lf, or any Person employed by him or her, refuse to permit or shall not suffer any Officer of Excife who ffiall desire to weigh or reweigh any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins belonging to such Tanner or Dreffer, at such Yard or Places as aforesaid, to weigh or reweigh the fame, or shall by himself or herself, or by any Perft/n employed by him or her, neglect or refuse to bring the fame to the Scales, or to assist at weighing or reweighing the fame, in such manner as such Officer ffiall think most convenient, every such Tanner or Dreffer ffiall, for every Default, Negledfc or Offence herein, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer of Excife ffiall at the Yard or other Place of any Tanner or Dreffer be furniffied with any unjust Scales or Weights for weighing or reweighing Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or be furniffied with any Scales or Weights, which, on weighing or re-weighing any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins, ffiall by any Device not exhibit the true Weight thereof, every such Tanner or Dreffer ffiall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

4 XXIII. And

C.6o.

A.D.i8i3>	53"	GEO.III.

269

4 XXIII. And whereas it is necessary for the Colle&ion of the 4 Duties on Leather tanned with Sumack, and for Roans, Gloves 4 and Bafiis, and on all Skins dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and 4 Parchment, that Papers, called 4 Specimen Papers,’ shall be put 4 up and preserved in the Storehoufe of every such Tanner and 4 Drefler of Leather, and Maker of Vellum and Parchment, in 4 order that Officers of the Revenue visiting their Yards and Stores 4 shall make Entries on fucli Paper of their Vifits at such Places 4 refpeflively, and of all Notices given of taking Hides aryl Skins 4 out of the Pit or*Ooze, or Oil or other Materials, and of requiring 4 the Officers of Excife to {lamp or mark the fame, and of the 4 Quantity and different Species and Quality of Hides and Skins 4 and Vellum and Parchment {lamped and marked by such Offi-4 cers 5 and of all such other Matters and Things as the said 4 Officers shall think fit or be directed to make Entries Be it Tanner* to hang enacted, That every Tanner, and every Drefler or Finifher of Leather, UP Specimen and Maker of Vellum and Parchment, who shall be fumifhed by P-Pers* any Officer of the Revenue with any such Specimen Paper, shall cause the fame to be fixed on Boards conveniently made for that Purpose, and shall cause such Specimen Paper so fixed, to be hung, polled or put up in his or her Store-house, in the mod public and conspicuous Place, and preserve and keep the fame so polied, in such manner that any Officer of the Revenue visiting at such Storehouse, may view the fame and make Entries thereon ; and if any such Tanner, or Drester, or Maker as aforesaid, shall not pofl: or put up or preserve such Specimen Paper, in manner herein dirc&ed (unavoidable Accidents excepted), he or (he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Skins or Pieces Removing of Skins tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Glove* or Ball s, or any Skim before Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins dressed in Oil, or DutXmArlte<* any Vellum or Parchment, shall be removed or conveyed from the andcharJtd* Yard, Workhouse, Drying Place or Stores of any Tanner, Drefler or Maker thereof, before the Duties payable thereon by Weight or Tale shall be duly and fully charged by Weight or Tale, and before such Hides or Skins or Pieces thereof, or Vellum or Parchment, shall be {lamped or marked to denote the charging of the said Duty by Weight or Tale, the Tanner, Drefler or Maker, out of whole Yard or other Place such Hides or Calves Skins or other Skins whatever, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, or Vellum or Parchment, shall have been so removed or conveyed, and every Buyer, Contra&or or other Perfun who shall take away or cause or procure to be taken from any such Yard or other Place, any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or Vellum or Parchment, or in whose Poffeflion any such shall be found, shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all such Skins and Pieces of Skins Penalty, tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and all such Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and all Vellum and Parchment, which shall be found in any other Place than the Yard, Drying Place or Stores of a licensed Tanner or Drefler of Leather, or Maker of Vellum and Parchment, without such Stamp or Mark as aforesaid, to denote the charging of the said Duties by Weight or Tale, or which shall be found in any Place with any false or forged Mark or Stamp used to denote the 2	charging

v^oogLe

C. 60.

Penalty.

Accounts fettled and Glanced every Three Months between Tanners and Collett ors.

Penalty.

Commissioners to provide Stamps for marking Skins, &c. imported into, as well as for those tanned.

Ifc. in Ireland.

Counterfeiting Stamps, Icc.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

charging of the said Duties by Weight or Tale, or resembling any* Part of such Mark or Stamp, shall be forfeited, and shall and mayr be seized by any Officer of Excife.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bairs, and every Dreffer of Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, shall, once in every Three Months at least, fettle an Account with the Collector of the Diftrift in which he or (lie reside, of and for the Hides and Skins and. Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, of such Tanner, Dreffer and Maker respectively, which within the time of every such Account shall have been taken out of the Ooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil or other Ingredients used for tanning or steeping, drefiiug or making the fame, and of his Entries thereof, with the Officers ; and shall at the fame time balance such Account, by Hides and Skins or Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, for which the Duty shall have been charged as aforesaid, and by such Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment then remaining in his Hands unmarked, and for which Duty shall not have been charged as aforesaid ; which Account every such Tanner, Drefier and Maker, shall truly aud faithfully make as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and that every Officer, upon the taking every such Account, shall inform himself concerning the Truth or Falfehood thereof to the end that if such Tanner, Drefier or Maker shall have unlawfully conveyed away any of such Hides or Skins contrary to this Aft, or shall have defrauded His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefibrs, of any Part of the Duties payable for the fame, he may be proceeded again ft for the Recovery of such Duties, and of such Penalties and Forfeitures as are by this Aft prescribed for such Offence.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland shall provide or cause to be provided Marks or Stamps, with which all Skins and Pieces of Skins tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and all Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins drefted in Oil, and all Vellum and Parchment imported into Ireland, shall be marked or (lamped upon the Payment of the Duties on the Importation thereof, and shall also provide Marks and Stamps with which all Skins and Pieces of Skinr tanned in Ireland with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and all Hides and Skins drefied in Ireland, and Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, shall be (lamped or marked to denote the Payment of the Duty thereon, according to the Weight or Tale thereof 5 and shall cause the said respective Marks or Stamps to be distributed to the proper Officers, for the several Purpofes before mentioned; and such Marks and Stamps, or any of them, (hail or may be altered, changed or renewed from time to time as the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; and if any Person or Pcrfons shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark which shall be kept or used for denoting the charging of any Duty chargeable on Hides or Skins, or on Vellum and Parchment, or shall counterfeit, mark or impress, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked or impressed, upon any Hide or Skin or any Piece of any Hide or Skin, or on any Vellum or Parchment, any Mark or Device to resemble any of the Marks or Devices aforesaid, thereby to defraud His Majesty, his

5	Heirs

C. 66.

*7*

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	HI.

Heirs or Succeffors, of any of the Duties aforesaid, Or shall utter, vend or fell, or cause or procure to be uttered, vended or fold, any Hide or Skin or Piece of any Hide or Skin, or any Vellum or Parchment, with such counterfeit Mark or Impreffion thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impreffion to be counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years. Tranfportnrioa.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That as often as the Stamps Sump* altered, or Marks for denoting the charging of the Duty on Hides and Skins

tanned as aforesaid, &nd dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment,

or any of them, shall be altered or changed, Notice thereof shall be Notice.

given by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in the

Dublin Gaxette, for Three successive Days of Publication thereof;

and that any Person who shall have in his or her Cuftody or Poffeffiun

any Hides or Skins marked with the Stamp or Mark before such time

in Ufe, may within such time as the said Commissioners shall by the

said Notice appoint, not less than Two Months from the Third Day of

the said Publication of the said Notice, require the Officers of Excife

authorized to (lamp Hides and Skins and Vellum and Parchment,

to (lamp the fame ; and every such Officer is hereby required without Officer to ftamft

Fee or Reward, within Twenty four Hours after Demand, to damp &c‘with new

and mark the fame with the new Stamp or Mark which the said SuraP»

Commissioners shall have provided for denoting the charging of the

said Duty.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled. That after the Expiration Skins found

of the Time so to be appointed, within which such Hides and Skins without new and Pieces of Hides and Skin9 and Vellum and Parchment, as had	whit

been {lamped or marked with the former Stamp or Mark used for demoting the charging of the said Duties respectively, may be {lamped

or marked with the new Stamp or Mark which shall have been provided, every Hide or Skin or Piece of any Hide or Skin tanned as aforesaid, or dressed in Oil, or any Vellum or Parchment, found iu the Poffeflion of any Person, without such new or altered or changed Stamp or Mark thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Penalty Officer of His Majefly’s Revenue.

XXIX.	And be it fuither enacted, That no Drawback of any Drawback not of the Duties chargeable on Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides allowed ui.lef* and Skins tanned in Ireland, or any Manufadlure of such tanned Hides Proof of Payor Skins, or on any Hides or Skins dressed in Oil, in Ireland, or any mem Manufacture thereof, or on any Vellum or Parchment made in Ireland, **

which shall be exported, shall be allowed or paid, unless Proof be made p by the Person exporting the fame, that all the several Duties chargeable, or which ought by Law to have been charged on such Hides and Skins, or Vellum and Parchment respectively, have been paid 5 nor unless the Person exporting the fame shall have performed regularly the fame Requisites, and complied with the fame Regulations as are or may be required by Law to be performed and oblerved by Persons exporting any Article chargeable with an Inland Duty, whereon any Drawback is payable for obtaining the fame; and such Drawback when allowed mall be paid by the Colledlor of the Port from which such Goods shall be exported, out of any Monies in his Hands arising from any Aids granted to His Majesty.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Fines ioflidted Recovery of by this Adi shall be payable in British Currency, and that all and every Fines, Ac.

the

C.6o, 61,62.

14 & 15 Car. a. (t.) Scli:4. C.8.

Appeal.

See 49 G. 3.

c.61.

30 O. 3. c.61.

Sugar of Martinique, &c- admitted to Eufry on Payment ot Duty.

53* GEO. IH.	A	J3.1813.

the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Aft shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an A£1 of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled jin AQ for the settling of the Exeife or new Imfo/l upon Hit Majesty, hit Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any Law or Laws relative to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife m Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Conftru&idhs and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enaCfed in this ACt 5 with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said A& of Exeife, or any other Law or Laws relating to his Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife in Ireland, is provided.

CAP. LXI.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Two Millions by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

[3d June 1813.]

44 CONTRIBUTORS for every 100I. (Irijh Currency) entitled to 44 100I. in trie Irilh 3! per Cents, from 25th December 1812 ; and to 44 20I. ir. the Irilh 5I. per Cents. from 25th March 1813 ; and to 44 ill. 15s. Irijh Currency in Treasury Bills payable in Fotir Years 44 from 25th March 1813 at 5 per Cent. Intcrcft, § I. Forging, “ &c. Receipts, &c. Death, § 19.

CAP. LXII.

An Aft to permit the Entry for Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations.	[3d	June	1813.]

4 WJ HEREAS, upon the Importation into Great Britain of Sugar 4 W the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of the Iflands of ‘ Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin 4 and Saba, the like Duties are payable as upon Sugar not the Growth,

4 Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations, and it is ex-4 pedient that the Duties should be reduced ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That any Sugar the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any or either of the said 111 and8 of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported before the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption on Payment of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Clayed Sugar, and Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight ot Mufcovado Sugar, over and above the Duties payable on the like Defcription of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations; and the CoramifConere of His Majefty's Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&iveiy may

continue

v^.

C.tfa.

273

AJX1813.	53*GEO%	III*

continue to admit the Entry of any Sugar the Produce of the said Iflands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Euflatia, «SWn/

Marlin and	on Payment of such Duties, until it /hall'appear

by Notice in the London Gaxette in manner directed by an Ad passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 3*G*3*^43* intituled An A3 for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Iflands in Foreign Ships, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner directed by the said recited Ad for Four Weeks successively, shall be less than Fifty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, when the said Sugar /hall again be subject and liable to Duties, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures as Sugar not; of the British Plantations.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Ten Duties added te Shillings and Five Shillings refpedivcly /hall be an Addition to the D*l^l,ent permanent Duties chargeable on the said Sugar.

III.	And be it further enacted, That a Drawback of the whole Drawback al-of the said Duties /hall be allowed on the Exportation of such lowe ’

Sugars from Great Britain.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Cuftoms Duties and and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms /hall be managed, ascertained,

railed, levied, collected, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the levi paid‘ like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms or Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms of a like nature are managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, paid, recovered and: allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions,

Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain,’ and all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers ana Diredions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effed as to the said Duties and Drawbacks as fully, and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-ehaded in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to Appropriation time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of rai/ing ut,et* and accounting for^the fame respectively excepted, shall from time

to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty V Exchequer at Wejlminfler, and /hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties imposed by	an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of	49G*3*c.9&

the Reign of His	prefent	Majefty, intituled An A3 for repealing

the several Duties. of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ are appropriated and applied.

. '	ISeec.	lO$.§ 10.Joff-]

VI.	And be it	further enacted, That this Ad may be varied.	Ad	altered, &c.

altered or repealed	by any	Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent

Sefiioji of Parliament.

53 Geo. III.	T

CAP.

53° geo. HI,

a.d.i8ij.

c. 63.

CAP. LXIII.

AS O.3. c. 7*.

49 0.3. c. 1*3.

Extended te Prises taken

from Inhabitants of United States of America.

An A St to extend Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty to American Prizes.

[jd June 1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for the Em-* couragement of Seamen, and for the better and more cjfeBuatty 4 manning Hie Majesty*: Navy during the present War : And whereas 4 the said Aft contains Provisions and Regulations touching Matters 4 that had arisen or might arise in consequence of the general 4 Reprisals which His Majesty had been pleated te order against the 4 Ships, Goods and Subjects of the several Powers with whom Hia 4 Majesty was engaged in War at the time of the pafling of the said 4 Act : And whereas one other Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to explain 4 and amend an AB made in the Forty fifth Tear of His present majesty 4 for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more 4 effeBually manning His majesty*s Navy during the present War ; and 4 for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more 4 effeBually providing for the Interejl of the Royal Hojpitalfor Seamm 4 at Greenwich and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at Cheliea ; and to 4 extend the Provifions of the said AB to cases arising in consequence of 4 HofiiRtifS commenced since the pa/fing of the feua A8 : And whereas 4 the said Aft, palled in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty*s 4 Reign, contains certain Alterations of some of the Provifions of the 4 aforesaid former Aft, and also contains sundry other Provifions and 4 Regulations: And whereas His Majesty hatn, since the palling of 4 the said Aft, deemed it necessary, for the Honour of His Crown 4 and the Safety of His People, to order that general Reprifals 4 should be granted against the Ships, Goods and Citizens of the 4 United States of America, and others inhabiting within the 4 Territories thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every of the Provifions and Regulations contained in the laid Aft, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, so far as the fame are not varied, altered or repealed by the said other Aft, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and also that all and every the Provisions, Regulations and Enaftments contained in the said Aft, passed in the Forty nioth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, shall be applied to all cases arising from the said Orders of general Reprifal, issued against the Ships, Goods and Citizens of the said United States of America, and others inhabiting within the Territories thereof, in like manner and to the like Effeft as the said Provisions, Regulations and Enaftments are directed to be applied to all cases arising from the Orders of general Reprifal recited in the said Afts, and shall extend to all Proceedings which have been had or may hereafter be had in consequence of the said Orders of Reprifal ifiued against the Ships, Goods and Citizens of the said United States of America, and others inhabiting within the Territories thereof, in as full Force and Effeft as if the Tame were particularly enacted in this Aft, subject neverthe-

le(s

275

A.D.1813*	53°®®®* nL	€.63,64.

lefs with respect to the Diftribution of any Prize Money arising in consequence of the said general Reprifals, to such Provifions and Regulations as His Majesty has thought fit to eftabliffi by any Proclamation for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be amended, Aft amended, altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be pafied in this Session of **• Parliament.

CAP. LXTV.

An Aft for the better Regulation of the Court of Sefiion in,

Scotland.	[3d June	1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafied in the Fiftieth Year of the 50G.3.c.m. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for abridg-* ing the Form of extraSing Decrees of the Court of SeJJion in Scot*

4 land, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings 4 of that Court, whereby it was, among other things, enacted,

• That the three junior Ordinary Judges of the First Divifion of * the Court of Sefiion, and the Two junior Ordinary Judges of ‘ the Second Division, should be relieved from Attendance in the ‘ Inner House, and should, from and after the pafiing of the said € Aft, not fit therein, but should fit as Lords Ordinary in the • Outer House, to perform the Bufinefe of the Outer House ; but § 3X-4 by which Aft it was provided, that the then junior Judges, who 4 might be affected by the said Regulation, should not be bound by € it except with their own Consent, and therefore that the Courfe of 4 Rotation should remain as it was at the pafiing of the said Aft,

• until, either by the Confent of the said Judges or by new Ap-4 pointment of Judges, the requisite Number could be obtained for * carrying the said Syftem into Execution s And whereas by such « new Appointments, such requisite Number is soon likely to be € obtained, and it is expedient to make some further Regulations in 4 that BehalfMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing What of this Aft, the Three junior Ordinary Judges of the First Divifion p1*1 °®c,*e a* of the Court of Sefiion, and the Two junior Ordinary Judges of L^/ordfoary. the Second Divifion for the time being, mall officiate as Permanent	,

Lords Ordinary, in the manner hereinafter directed.

II.	And be it enacted. That the junior or last appointed Judge What Judge for the time being, of the (aid Three junior Ordinary Judges of the	15

First Division, shall in time of Session officiate exclusively as Lord ^ the Ordinary on the Bills, and perform the whole business of the Bill Vacation. Chamber in time of Sefiion : Provided nevertheless, that during the Spring, A utumn and Chriftmas Vacations, the whole Thirteen Ordinary Lords of Sefiion shall continue to officiate as Ordinaries on the Bills, by Rotation each Week, as at prefent$ any thing herein or in the Afts herein recited to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Remits made from the Rwnitifrom Lords of Council and Sefiion, as Commifiioners for Plantation of r^tiveftJe,ud5’ Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, to a Lord Ordinary, shall be made	in	Sc-

to the said last appointed Judge of the said Three junior Ordinary questions, &c(

T 2	Judges

v^.

27	C.64.	53,GEO»m.	A.D.1813.

made to Lord Ordinary.

Death, Refigna. tion, 8cc. of unior Judge.

Reclaiming and Report, Prorifo for.

Lords Ordinary in the Outer House how appointed.

PronTo.

Judges of the First Divifion ; and alfq all Remits by either Divifion of the Court of Session to a Lord Ordinary, in Matters relating to Sequeftration or Bankruptcy, and in such other Matters as to either Divifion shall seem proper, shall be made to the said last appointed Judge of the said Three junior Ordinary Judges of the said First Divifion ; and such last appointed Judge shall officiate in the Outer House and Bill Chamber, according to the Rules and Forms of Proceedings at present established, or which shall be established, by any A A or Ads of Sederunt of the whole Court of Selfion or a Quorum thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death, Relignation, Sicknefs or necessary Abfence of the said last appointed or junior Ordinary Judge of the said First Division, it shall be coroptent to the whole Court of Session, or a Quorum thereof, to appoint the said other Four Permanent Ordinaries to officiate each Week by Rotation, as Ordinaries in the Bill Chamber and in Teind Proceffes, and other Matters above mentioned, until the said junior Judge shall again officiate, or another Judge be appointed in his stead.

V.	And be it enacted, That in all cases after the Commencement of this Ad, where any Application in the Bill Chamber shall be made to the said last appointed or junior Ordinary Judge of the First Division, the Party cpmplaining or making the Application, shall notify to such Judge the Divifion of the Court to which such Application shall be understood to belong; and it shall be competent to either Party who shall be dissatisfied with any Interlocutor pronounced by such Lord Ordinary, to reclaim to such Divifion so notified; and in cases of Remits to such last appointed or junior Judge of the First Division, it shall only be competent to reclaim to that Divifion of the Court by which the Remit shall have been made; and in Remits from the Lords of Session, as Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, it shall be competent to reclaim to the said Lords as such Commissioners; and in cases where such last appointed or junior Judge shall think fit to take any Caufe to report, (uch Report shall be made to the Divifion or Court to whom, in the Event of reclaiming, the Party or Parties is or are hereby directed and appointed to reclaim.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Two other of the laid Three junior Ordinary Judges of the laid First Division, and the said Two junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Division, shall officiate as Permanent Lords Ordinary in manner hereinafter directed ; that is to fay. One of the said Four Ordinary junior Judges shall officiate each Week in time of Session, in the Outer House, for hearing and determining Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpenfiorts, Advocations, Regulations and Ordinary Adions; and for that Purpofe the said Four Judges shall fit in the Outer House weekly by Rotation, in such manner as that a Judge or Ordinary of the First Divifion shall officiate the First Week, a Judge or Ordinary of the Second Divifion the Second Week, a Judge or Ordinary of the First Divifion the Third Week, and a Judge or Ordinary of the Second Divifion the Fourth Week; and so alternately thereafter, sL Judge of the one Divifion following a Judge of the other, as Ordinary in the Outer House, for hearing Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpensions, Advocations, Regulations and Ordinary Adions: Provided always, that in the

Event -

*77

A.D. i#i3* *	53*GEO* III*

C.64.

Event of such Arrangement bbing at any time prevented from taking place by the Death, Refignation, Sicknefs or Abfence of any of the laid Permanent Ordinaries, it shall be competent to the whole Court of Session, or a Quorum thereof, to make suitable Regulations for the Difpatch of Bufiuefs during such Interruption of the ordinary Rotation.

VII.	And be it enacted, That such Four Permanent Ordinaries, Where Four when officiating each Week as aforesaid, in hearing and determining Permanent Or-Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpenftons, Advocations, Regulations and d,nar***t0 “• Ordinary Adlions, and when officiating at other times in carrying on

the Procefles depending before them, fnall fit and officiate in the Outer House, according to the Rules and Forms of Proceeding at present edablifhed with respect to Lords Ordinary, or which shall be established by any Adt or Adis of Sederunt of the whole Court of Session or Quorum thereof.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Procefles Proceffesde-and Proceedings at present depending before any of the Thirteen aht^LortoOr-Lords Ordinary belonging to either Divifion of the Court of Session, dinary brought shall be carried on and brought to a Conclufion before such Lord to a Condufioo Ordinary in the fame manner as if there had been no Appointment of ty them. Permanent Ordinaries 5 for which Purpofe each of such Lords

Ordinary shall fit and officiate in the Outer House, in such manner and at such time and times as shall be directed by any Adi or Adts of Sederunt of the whole Court of Session or Quorum thereof.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be competent for Remits ob either Divifion of the Court, or for any Ordinary, to remit any new Comingemiam. Procefs to any of such Thirteen Lord Ordinaries, ob Contingentiam *

of any other Procefs already depending before him at the pamng of this Adi.

X.	And be it enacted, That in the Event of the Death or Refigna- Death, &c of tion of any of the said Ordinary Judges, other than the said Five ?rjJ,na,7 Jud?ei Permanent Ordinaries, it shall be competent to the whole Court of ^r^,nent o** Session or Quorum thereof, to remit, by an Adi of Sederunt or diaries* Court otherwise, the Procefles then depending before any such Ordinary of Session may Judge to any or such of the Permanent Ordinaries belonging to the remit Procefles. fame Divifion as to the said Court or Quorum thereof shall appear

to be proper, and that it shall be competent to make such Remit without any Petition or Motion to that Effedl.

XI.	And be it enacted, That in the Event of the Death dr Death,&cof

Resignation of the said lad appointed or junior Judge of the said junior Judge of First Divifion for the time being, or in the Event of his ceafing	^j?0“»

to be such last appointed or junior Judge of the said First Division, may^emii* °U it shall be competent to the whole Court of Session or Quorum Procefles. thereof, in like manner to remit, by an Adi of Sederunt or otherwise,

the Procefles then depending before such lad appointed or junior Judge to the Judge who shall be appointed such lad or junior Judge of the said Fird Division, and that without any Petition or Motion for that Purpofe.

XI^ And be it enacted, That in the Event of the Death or Re- Death of Per7 fignation or Removal into the Inner House of any of the said Four mnnent Ordi-Permanent Ordinaries, it shall be competent to the whole Court varies, Court or Quorum thereof, in like manner to remit the Procefles then depending before such Permanent Ordinary to One of the said pttKjjDg| &c%

Tj

Four

278

C.64.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

48 G. 3. c. iji. §8.

Equality of Void v m either Divifion.

Either Divifion reduced below a Quorum. Provifo.

48 G.3. c. 151. § 10.

Queftions in Writing Bated for Opinion Judges. Provilo.

48 G. 3. c. 151.

*3-

repealed.

Four Permanent Ordinaries belonging to the fame Division, and that without any Petition or Motion for that Purpofe.

4 XTII. And whereas by an A& palled in the Forty eighth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Adt concerning 4 the Admimjlration of Jujl'tce in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to 4 the House of Lords, it is enacted, That in case there should be an 4 Equality of Voices in either Division, the Caufe or Matter should 4 remain for subsequent Difcuffion and Decifion ; and in case, upon 4 such subsequent Difcuffion and Deciiion there should be again an 4 Equality of Voices, the Judges of the said Divifion should call 4 in One of the Lords Ordinary of the fame Divifion from the 4 Outer House, in the Order of their Seniority, as Judges to be 4 present at the Difcuffion, and to vote in such case Be it enacted. That in such last mentioned case, the Judges of the said First Divifion shall call in One of the said Three junior Ordinary Judges in Rotation, beginning with the senior of the said Three Judges ; and the Judges of the said Second Divifion shall call in One of the said Two junior Ordinal Judges in Rotation, beginning with the senior of the said Two Ordinary Judges, to be present at the Dif-cuffion, and to vote in such case.

XIV. And whereas it may happen that by reason of Death, Refignation, Sicknefs, Declinature or unavoidable Abfence, the Number of either Divifion may be reduced to less than a Quorum of Three ; Be it enacted. That in any such case it shall be competent for such Divifion to call in One or more of the Permanent Ordinaries of such Divifion in Rotation, beginning with the senior; which Ordinary or Ordinaries, so called in, shall vote in such case, as if he or they were Members of the Inner House of such Divifion.

4 XV. And whereas it is by the said last recited Ad enacted. That 4 it should be competent to the Judges of either Division, or the 4 Quorum thereof, in any cases which should appear to them to be 4 cases of Importance and Difficulty, to date Queftions of Law in 4 Writing on such cases, and to require the Opinions of the Judges 4 of the other Divifion to be given thereupon, and that such Judges 4 should be bound to communicate their Opinion thereupon, either 4 as a collective Body or as individual Judges: And whereas it 19 4 expedient in such cases, that the Opinions of the said Three junior • Ordinary Judges of the First Division, and of the said Two junior 4 Ordinary Judges of the Second Division, should also be required Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where Queftions of Law shall be so stated in Writing, it shall be competent to the Judges of either Division, or the Quorum thereof, to require the Opinions of the said Five Permanent Ordinaries as well as the Opinions of the Judges of the Inner House of the other Divifion 5 and the said Five Permanent Ordinaries, and the Judges of the Inner House of the other Division, shall be bound to communicate their Opinions thereupon.

4 XVI. And whereas by the said last recited A& it is ena&cd, 4 That in each the said Divifions there should be an equal Number of 4 the Judges of the Court of Judiciary, including the Lord Juftice 4 Clerk : And whereas, by reason of the Regulations prescribed by 4 this A£t, the circumstances in which such Provifion wasappb-4 cable, no longer exist Be it therefore ena£ted, That the laid 4 Protifion shall be and the ferae is hereby repealed.

4 XVII. And

CjOOQLC

* XVII. And whereas a vpry great Number of Bills, commonly 4 called Plack Bills, are daily presented at the Bill Chamber, which

*	Bills, after being endorsed by the Clerk of the Bills; in Token of

*	their being properly vouched by the requisite Documents presented

*	to him for Examination, do now require the Subfcription of the 4 Lord Ordinary on the Bills, whereby much Trouble and waste of 4 time is occafiooed both to the Judges and Agents Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Endor-fation of the Clerk of the Bills officiating for the time, on such Bills usually called Plack Bills, shall be sufficient without the Subfcription of the Lord Ordinary; except in cases where a Doubt or Difficulty shall occur to the Clerk of the Bills, which he shall report to the Lord Ordinary, whose Subfcription shall then be necessary.

XVIIL And be it enacted, That the said first recited Ad pa fled in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, and the said last recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, excepting in so far as the fame are altered or repealed by this Ad, shall remain in force, and receive Effed, in such and the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

CAP. LXV.

An Ad for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Ad made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.	[3d	June 1813.]

4 TT 7 HE REAS an Ad was made in the Thirty third Year of 4 VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for rendering 4 the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of 4 Great Britain called Scotland ; which said Ad was to continue for 4 Five Years from the Seventeenth Day of June One thousand seven 4 hundred and ninety three, and from tnence to the End of the then 4 next Session of Parliament; and was further continued by Six Ads 4 of the Thirty ninth, Forty fourth, Forty sixth, Forty eighth,

* and Forty ninth, and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight. 4 hundred and thirteen: And whereas it is expedient that the said Ad 4 should be continued for a further Term May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Ad of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more eaual and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

T 4	CAP.

Plack Bills. Provifa.

50 O. 3. c. 11%. 48 G. 3. c. IJI. in forces

33G.3.C.74?

continued

C.<56,67,

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Doubts refpeft-irrg Scite* of P-rifh Churches In Ireland explained.

S3 0-3- c.ia.

Hi* Majesty may authorize Governors of West India Istands, &c. t-> }>er .nit Import ation and Exportation of certain Articles,

CAP. LXVI.

An Aft for explaining and clearing up certain Doubts respecting the Scites of Parifh Churches within Ireland.

[3d June 1813.3

‘ TT7^HEREAS in cases where it has been necessary to rebuild 4 VV Parifli Churches, Doubts have been entertained whether any

•	Change could lawfully be made in the Scite thereof, even within

*	the Limits of the Church Yard of the Parifli ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Church in Ireland9 which has been rebuilt within the last Fifty Years, shall be deemed and taken to be the Parifli Church of the Parifli or Union in which it is situated, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding the Scite or Pofition of such new Church shall be different from that of the old one 5 provided it has been erected on Ground fet apart as a Church Yard for the Parifh 5 and that in all cases hereafter, when it shall be necessary to rebuild any Parifli Church, such new Church shall be deemed and taken to be the Parifli Church, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding the Scite or Pofition of the new Church shall be different from that of the old one : Provided always, that such new Church shall be erected on the Ground fet apart as a Church Yard for the Parifli; and provided also, that the Plan of such new Church, and the Change in the Pofition thereof, shall be approved by the Archbifhop of the Province and the Ordinary of the Diocele in which it is situated.

CAP. LXVII.

An Aft for empowering His Majesty to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from, the Wejl Indies, South America and Newfoundland, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament.	[3d June 1813.}

*' \\J HE RE AS it is necessary further to continue fora limited time € VV the Powers vetted in His Majesty, by virtue of an Aft patted 4 in the present Seflion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for indemni-4 fying such Perfotis as have advised or a Bed under an Order in Council 4 for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the West Indies, * and for permitting such Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June 4 One thnufandeight hundred and thirteen ;* Be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, from and after the passing of this Aft, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament, by any Order or Orders in Council for that Purpofe to be issued, further to authorize the Governor or Lieutenant Goverhor of any of the Iflands in the Wejl Indies to His Majesty belonging, in which Defcription the Bahamaand Bermuda or Somers IJlands are ineluded, or of any of the Lands and Territories to Hia

Majefty

281

A.D* 1813.	53*GEO.	III.	C.67,68.

Majesty belonging on the Continent of South America, to permit the Importation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcuit and Rice, into any of the said I (lands, Lands and Territories, in any unarmed Ship or Veffel not belonging to France or to the Subje&s or Inhabitants thereof, or of any Port or Place annexed to the Territories of France, and to export therefrom in such Ship or Veffel, Rum and Mobiles, and any other Goods and Commodities whatsoever, except Sugar, Indigo, Cotton Wool, Coffee and Cocoa, subject to such Re^ gulations and Reftridions as shall be contained in such Order or Orders, and to such Inftru&ions, as the Governor or Lieutenant Governor may from time to time receive from His Majeffy, signified by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

* II. And whereas it is necessary to provide in like manner for a

*	more ready Supply of certain Articles to the Ifland of Newfound-

*	land, than can now be had, under an Ad passed in the Twenty eighth

€ Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for regulating 28G.3 c.f.

*	the Trade between the SubjeBs of His Majeflys Colonies and Plant a*

*	tions in North America, and in the Weil India Istands, and the € Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His

*	Majejly's said SubjeBs and the Foreign Iflands in the West Indies

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Supply of certain Ad, and until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commence- Articles to New-ment of the next Seflion of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for foundknd.

His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, to permit or to authorize the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland, in such manner and under such Reftridions as to His Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Couneil, shall seem fit, fubied to such Inftrudions as may be from time to time signified to such Governor or Lieutenant Governor, by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to permit, when the necessity of the case shall appear to His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, to require it, from time to time, the Importation into the said Ifland of Newfoundland, of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Rice and Ground Provisions, and the Exportation from the said Ifland of New* foundland, of any Articles, Goods and Commodities that shall be mentioned in such Order of His Majesty in Couneil, in any unarmed Ship or Veffel not belonging to France, or to the Subjeds or Inhabitants thereof, or of any Port or Place annexed to the Territories of France.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Ads done by virtue of Ordersia any such Order or Orders in Couneil, shall be valid and legal; any Council*

Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Ad to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in respect of Carriages with more than Two Wheel', carrying the Mail in Scotland; and for granting a Rate.for Postage, as an Indemnity for the Lofs which may arise to the Revenue of the Poft Office from the Payment of such To{ls.

[3d/war 1813.]

« TT 7 HE RE AS by an Ad passed in the Twenty fifth Year of »5G.3.c.57.

« VV the Reign of His present Majesty, iQtitule4 An AB to

9 exempt Carriages carrying the Mailfrom paying Tolls at any Turnpike

9 Gate

C68.

53* GEO. III.

Repeal vf

emptions in Scotland.

Exemptions in l.ocal Ads for Scotland, repealed.

Carriages with Two Wheels conveying Maili exempted.

4 Gate in Great Britain, k was enacted, That, from and after the 4 Fifteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty fire,

*	all Carnages of what Description Soever, or Horfes whico fiiould

*	be employed in conveying from one Part of the Kingdom to

*	another the Mail or Packet which should be made up under the € Authority or Dire&ion of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, or

*	his Deputy or Deputies, (hbuld be and the fame were thereby « exempted, freed and discharged from the Payment of any Tolls 4 whatloever that should or might be demanded for the Pailage of 4 Carriages or Horfes through any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Bar 4 at which any Toll was collected by any Ad or Ads of Parliament 4 then in force: And whereas a fimiliar Exemption has been granted 4 by all or most of the Ads of Parliament which have been palied,

*	fince the said recited Ad, for making and maintaining any Turn*

4 pike Road or Bridge, or for altering or enlarging the Powers of

*	luch Ads of Parliament; but which Exemption ought to cease 4 and determine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in fo

*	far as regards Carriages with more than Two Wheels, or any Horse 4 or Horfes drawing tne fame:9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it eoaded by the King's Mok Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aUembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the said recited Ad palled in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, in so far only as the fame applies to Scotland* and save and except in regard to Carnages with Two Wheels conveying only the (aid Mail or Packet, with their Driver, and any Horse or Horfes drawing the fame, and any Horse, not drawing, employed in conveying the said Mail or Pacxet, which shall continue exempted from the Payment of any Tolls or Duties 5 any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding*

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, every Exemption granted by any Ad or Ads of Parliament which shall be in force in Scotland at the palling of this Ad, whereby any Carriages or Horfes drawing the fame, which fhail be employed in conveying from one Part of the Kingdom to another the Mail or Packet which shall be made up under the Authority and Diredioo of His Majefty's Poftmafter Ueneral, or his Deputy or Deputies, are exempted, freed and discharged from the Payment of the Tolls or Duties thereby granted, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and such and the like Tolls and Duties shall thenceforth be paid and payable for and in respect of such Carriages or Horfes carrying the laid Mail or Packet in Scotland, as arc and shall be paid and pay* able for or in respect of Carriages or Horfes of the like Defcrip-tion, not carrying such Mail or locket, palling through any Turnpike Gate in Scotland.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Carnages with Two Wheels, conveying only the said Mail or Packet, with their Driver, and any Horse or Horfes drawing the Dune, and any Horse, not drawing, employed in conveying the (aid Mail or Packet, shall continue exempted from the Payment of any such Tolls or Duties \ any thing m this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Pm-

C.68

53c GEO, IH.

283

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Stopping Mail Carriages or Horfes carrying the said Mail or Packet shall be (topped	at

at any Turnpike Gate or Bar in Scotland, for Payment of the TV>lls any TurnPilc#* or Duties payable for or in respect of such Carriages or Horfes; nor shall such Tolls or Duties be let to farm, but the fame shall be paid out of the Revenue of the Poll Office in Scotlandf at such time and in such manner as may be fettled and agreed upon by and between the several Trustees entitled to demand or receive the fame, and the Deputy in Scotland to His Majefty’s Poftmailer Geueral, in such manner as that Payment may be made, at lead Once in every Three Calendar Months : Provided nevertheless, that whenever such an Agreement shall not be made, or being made shall not be performed, then the several Tolls or Duties leviable for or in refpea of any such Carriages or Horfes carrying the (aid Mail or Packet, shall and may be recovered, in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerks of the respective Trulls, in the Court of Session or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland by summary Application, againil the Deputy in Scotland to His Ma *s Poftmailer General.

V. And be it furt enacted, That if any Keeper of any Toll Toll Bar Keep-Bar, or any other Person, shall wilfully obstruct or delay any Carriage Mafl'carria e*. or Horse conveying the said Mail or Packet at or in palling any ' arr,aSei-Turnpike Gate, every Person so offending shall, for every fuen Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, Penalty, to be recovered within Three Calendar Months thereafter, on Proof uppn Oath of the Offence either by the voluntary Confeffion of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes before any Jullice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be or reside, to be levied by Dillrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods Diftrefs*

and Effeds under the Hand of such Jullice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after dedu&ing the Charges of such Dillrefs and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Effeds shall have been so dillrained or fold ; and for want of sufficient Dillrefs, such Jullice is hereby Imprifonmenu required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, and every such Penalty shall and may be levied to the Ufe of the Person or Persons suing for the fame.

VI. And, in order to make up any Lofs which may arise to the Revenue of the Poll Office from the Payment of the Tolls and Duty hereby directed to be made by the Deputy in Scotland, to His Majefty’s Poftmailer General, to the several Trustees entitled to demand and receive the fame, be it therefore enacted. That it shall hof* arising tv and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Poftmailer General, *^cjJueJJade and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to and f. . for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from and after the palling of this Ad, to demand, have, receive and take for the Poll and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he shall convey, carry or fend Poll, in or by any Mail Coach or Carriage with more than Two Wheels, to or from any Place within Scotland, or from any Place within England and Ireland, or from any Parts beyond the Seas to any Place within Scotland, or from any Place within Scotland to any Place in England or Ireland, or any Pans beyond the Seas, in addition to all other Rates and Duties now

payable

284

Letters conveyed where Mail Coaches not established,

Additional Duty paid into Exchequer.

General lflue in Court of Exchequer.

Treble Cods.

Libel in Court ofSeflion.

Treble Cofts.

A€t altered, &e.

C.68, 69.	530 GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

payable for the Conveyance by the Pod of such .Letters and Packets, the Sum of One Halfpenny for each Letter and Packet.

VII.	Provided always,> and be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall not be payable for Letters conveyed by the Poft in Scotland upon Roads where Mail Coaches are not now established in Scotland; but in case Mail Coaches shall at any future time be established on such Roads, the like Rate of Poftage of One Halfpenny a Letter shall from thenceforth be payable in like manner as the present additional Rate of One Halfpenny is hereby made payable.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall from time to time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Poft Office, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of collecting, paying and accounting for the fame being first deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and shall be appropriated and applied to such and the fame Ufes as the present Rates and Duties of Poftage are by Law applicable.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (Hall at any time be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this Ad, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, plead the General lflue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; and in every such Adion or Procefs brought before the Court of Seflion in Scotland, the Defendant or Defendants shall tad may deny the Libel, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Ad 5 and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if such Adion or Procefs shall be found irrelevant, or be otherwise dismissed, or the Purfuer or Purfuers shall not prosecute the Adion or Process, or suffer the fame to fall asleep; or if the Judgment shall be given against the Purfuer or Purfuers, the Defender or Defenders shall nave Treble Cofts, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Cofts in any other cases of Law in Scotland\

X.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be varied, altered or repealed by any Ad to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad for railing the Sum of Twenty seven Millions by way of Annuities.	[aad	June	1813O

CAP.

53° GEO. IIL

C.70.

CAP. LXX.

An A€t to authorize the Sellers of Glass, Hides, Tobacco and Snuff, to charge the additional Duties on any such Articles ordered before but not delivered until after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[22d June 1813.]

*	YT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of the „

*	VV Reigaof His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting 5* G. 3* c.94.

*	to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain on Glast, § J*

*	Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff, reciting that Contrafts or Agree-4 ments might have been made before the palling of that Aft by

*	Makers or Manufafturers of or Dealers in the respective Goods,

4 Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, upon which additional 4 Duties were by that Aft imposed for such Goods, Wares, Mer-4 chandize or Commodities respectively to be delivered after the

*	Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it 4 was enacted, that such Makers, Manufafturers or Dealers delivering 4 such Goods, Wares, • Merchandize or Commodities respectively 4 after that Day, in pursuance of such Contrafts or Agreements,

4 should be allowed to add so mucli Money as would be equivalent 4 to the Duties by that Aft imposed for or in respect of such Goods,

4 Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively, to the Price 4 thereof, and should be entitled by virtue of that Aft to be paid for 4 the fame accordingly: And whereas Orders were received by many 4 such Makers, Manufafturers and Dealers respectively, for the Sale 4 and Supply of Quantities of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and 4 Commodities respectively, many of which Quantities were not in faft 4 delivered to the Purchasers or Persons giving such Orders till after 4 the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve,

4 and others of such Quantities may not have been yet delivered; but 4 inasmuch as no Contrafts or Agreements were made for the Deli-4 very of such Quantities of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com-4 modities after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight 4 hundred and twelve, Doubts have arisen whether the Makers,

4 Manufafturers or Dealers delivering the fame are by the said Aft 4 allowed to add to the Price thereof so much Money as would be 4 equivalent to the Duties by that Aft imposed for or in respect 4 thereof :* Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty by and with the Ad-vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That such Makers, Manufafturers or Dealers, who shall Dutie* added to have already delivered or shall hereafter deliver any such Goods, Prices.

Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, shall by allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by that Aft imposed, for or in respect of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of the said recited Aft and this Aft to be paid for the fame accordingly, notwithstanding no Contraft or Agreement that such Goods should be delivered after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve shall have been made.

CAP.

a 86

530 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

C.71.

Lifts of Voters intended to be objected to, delivered to Clerk of House of Commons:

For Counties within Ten Days.

For «U other Places, within Five Days.

Evidence confined to Objections particularized in Lifts.

Cofts on frivolous or vexatious Objections.

CAP. LXXI.

An A£t for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws

for the Trials of Controverted Eledions and Returns of

Members to serve in Parliament.	[22d	June	1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS divers Ads of Parliament have been made for 4 VV regulating the Trial of Controverted Eledion9 or Return8

*	of Members to Terve in Parliament: And whereas it is expedient 4 that further Regulations should be made for that Purpofe ;* Be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That in all cases of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for Great Britain, all the Parties complaining of or defending such Eledions or Returns shall by them Selves or their Agents deliver in to the Clerk of the House of Commons, Lifts of the Voters intended to be objected to, to be by the said Clerk kept in his Office, open to the Infpedion of all Parties concerned; giving in the fata Lifts the several Heads of Objections, and distinguishing the fame against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that such Lifts shall be so delivered in upon all Controverted Eledions and Returns for Scotland, or for any County in England or Wales, Ten Days at least before the Day appointed for tne Confideration of the Petition complaining of such Eledion and Return ; and upon all other Controverted Eledions or Returns for England or Walest Five Days at least before the Day appointed for the Confideration of such Petition: Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Confideration of any such Petition shall be postponed by Order of the House during the fame Session, or shall be renewed at the Commencement of another Session, it shall be sufficient if such Lifts shall be so delivered within such Periods as are hereby directed, before the Committees for the Trial of such Petitions shall be actually appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be adduced before the Seled Committee appointed for the Trial of the Petition upon which such Lift shall have been delivered in, against the Validity of any Vote upon any Head of Objedion to such Voter, other than One of the Heads so specified and particularized against him in such Lift as aforesaid 5 and that if any Ground of Objedion (hill be dated against any Voter in such Lifts, and no Evidence shall be produced before such Seled Committee, to substantiate such Objedion, and if such Seled Committee shall be of Opinion that such Objedion was frivolous or vexatious, the said Committee shall report the lame to the House of Commons, together with their Opinion on the other Matters relating to the said Petition ; and the Party or Parties opposite shall in such case be entitled to recover from the Party or Parties by whom or on whose Behalf any such Objedions were made, the full Cofts and Expences incurred by reason of such frivolous or vexatious Objections ; which Cofts and Expences shall be ascertained and recovered in the fame manner and Form as are now provided by Law for the Recovery of Cofts and Expences in cases of frivolous or vexatious Petitions.

‘ III. And

\

A.D. 1813.	53*020..	IIL	C.71.	2I7

* III. And whereas it is expedient that Provifion shall be made to

*	enfure the more punctual Payment of all Cods, Expences and Fees

*	which may become due to Witnestes; Officers of the House, and

*	Parties, by reason of the Trial of Controverted Eledions \* Be it

further enacted, That no Proceeding shall be had on any Petition Recognisance by by virtue of any A A concerning the Trial of Controverted Elections Petitioners, and Returns, unless the Person or Persons fubferibing the fame, or some one or more of them, shall within Fourteen Days after the fame shall have been presented to the House, or within such further time as shall be limited by the House, personally enter into a Recognizance to our Sovereign Lord The King, according to the Form hereunto annexed, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds, with Two Payments te fafficient Sureties in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds each, for the Payment of all Colts, Expences and Fees which shall become due S' to any Witnefs summoned in Behalf of the Person or Persons so e fubferibing such Petition, or to any Clerlt or Officer of the House upon the Trial of the said Petition, or to the Party who shall appear before the House or Committee in Oppofition to such Petition, in case such Person or Persons shall fail to appear before the House at such time or times as shall be fixed by the House for taking such Petition into Confideration; or in case the said Petition shall be withdrawn by the Permiflion of the House 5 or in case such Committee shall report to the House that the laid Petition appears to them to be frivolous or vexatious; and if at the Expiration of the said Fourteen Days, such Recognizance shall not have been entered into, or shall not nave been received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Speaker shall report the fame to the House, and the Order for taking such Petition into Confideration shall thereupon be discharged, unless upon Matter specially dated and verified on Oath to the Satia-fa&ion of the House, the House shall fee cause to enlarge the time for entering into such Recognizance ; and whenever such time shall be of enlarged, the Order for taking such Petition into Confideration shall, if necessary, be postponed, so that no such Petition shall be taken into Confideration till after such Recognizance shall have been entered into and received by the Speaker: Provided always, that the time for Recognisance entering into such Recognizance shall not be enlarged more than enlarged* once, or for any Number of Days exceeding Thirty.

IV.	And be it enacted, That Eight Days at least before the Names of Sure-Perfon or Persons so petitioning shall enter into the said Reaogni- pf driivered to zance, he or they, by themselves or their Agents, shall deliver in ^commons.* Writing to the Clerk of the House of Commons, the Names of the

Sureties who are proposed to enter into such Recognizance 5 which Names shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Clerk, in his Office, open to the Infpedion of all Parties concerned.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Recognizance shall Recognisance be entered into, 2nd that the Sufficiency of the Sureties named therein £nt*gCQint° ” shall be allowed and judged of in like manner and under such Regula* ^

tions as are enacted by an A& palled in the Twenty eight Year of His Majefty'B Reign, and intituled An AS for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Eledions or Returns of Members to serve tn Parliament, with respect to the Recognizance therein directed to be entered into by Persons presenting Petitions complaining of undue Eledions or Returns

IOf	VI. Pro-

(^.

Persons entering into Recognisance under recited A& may enter into Recognisance under this Ad.

Speaker may direct Expences of Witnefles or Fees to be taxed;

to oertify Amount.

18 G.3.C.5X.

§8.

When Petition allowed to be withdrawn.

Petitioners not appearing,

Cofta,

Cods taxed as between Attorney and Client.

C71.	53*GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the fame Persons, if sufficient, to become Sureties in the Recognizance herein directed, and in the Recognizance directed by the said recited Ad, and that the Names of the Sureties who are proposed to enter into the said lad mentioned Recognizance shall be in like manner delivered to the Clerk of the House of Commons, and entered by him at is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Sureties in the said first mentioned Recognizance.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Quedion shall arise, as to the Amount of the reasonable Coils, Ex-pences or Fees, which shall be due and payable to any Witnefs, or to any Clerk or Officer of the House of Commons, upon the Trial of any such Petition, the Speaker of the said House shall, on Application, direct the fame to be taxed by such Persons and in like manner as by the said recited Ad is directed for the taxing of Cods and Expences in all cases where PetitiQns or the Oppofition to such Petitions have been declared to be frivolous or vexatious; and the Persons so authorized and directed to tax such Cods, Expences and Fees, shall and they are hereby required to examine the fame, and to report the Amount thereof to the Speaker, who shall, on Application, deliver to the Person or Persons concerned, a Certificate, signed by himself, expressing the Amount of the Fees, Cods and Expences allowed in such Report; and the Persons so appointed to tax such Cods, Expences and Fees, are hereby authorized to demand and receive for such Taxation and Report, such Fees as shall be from time to time fixed by any Refolution of the House ; and the said Certificates, so signed by the Speaker, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Amount of such Demands; and the Witnefs, Officer or Party claiming under the fame shall, upon Payment thereof, give a Receipt at the Foot of such Certificate, which shall be a sufficient Difcharge for the fame.

* VIII. And whereas it is enacted by the said recited Ad, that

*	the House shall not permit any Petition complaining of an undue

*	Eledion or Return to be withdrawn, except in the cases therein

*	mentioned Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the House to permit any such Petition, on any Petition presented in pursuance of the said recited Aft, to be withdrawn upon Matter which shall have arisen since the fame was presented, and which shall be specially dated and verified on Oath to the Satisfadion of the House.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Petitioner or Petitioners shall fail to appear before the House by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counfel or Agents, at the time fixed for the Appointment of the Seled Committee, the House not having permitted such Petition to be withdrawn, and the Order for the Confideration of such Petition shall be thereupon discharged in pursuance of the said recited Ad of the Twenty eighth Year of His Majedy’s Reign, the Party or Parties who shall attend the House in Oppoi [ition to such Petition shall in like manner be entitled to recover from such Petitioner or Petitioners the full Cods and Expences which they shall have incurred by reason of such Petition.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases the Persons so authorized and directed (in pursuance of this Ad, or of the said recited Ad) by the Speaker of the House of Commons, to tax such Cods

9*	and

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.	III.	C.71*	a89

and Expences, shall allow all reasonable Co ft 8 as between Attorney and Client.

XI.	And be it enacted. That such of the Persons so authorized Perfonup-

and directed by the Speaker of the House of Commons, in purfuance	tou*

of the said recited Ad or this Ad, to tax such Cofts, Expences or p^^c^totake Fees, and also any Mafterof the High Court of Chancery, or any of Affidavit*.

His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace shall be, and they and eacn of

them are hereby authorized and empowered to take any Affidavit relative to such Cofts, Expences or Fees, or the Taxation or Nonpayment thereof, and to administer the Oath for taking such Affidavit; and also that each of the Persons who shall be authorized to examine the Sufficiency of Sureties to be named in the Recognizances mentioned in the said Ad or this Ad (befides the Persons therein mentioned), shall have Power and Authority to take any Affidavit relative to such Sureties, or to the entering into any Recognizance, and to administer the Oath for taking such Affidavit; and that all and every Person or Persons convicted of wilfully false swearing in any such Affidavit or Affidavits, shall be deemed guilty of, and suffer the Penalties on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury* Perjury.

XII.	And be it enacted, That if the Petitioner or Petitioners who Petitioner ne-(hall have entered into such Recognizance as aforesaid shall neglect or slewing to pay refuse, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand, to pay to any

Witnefs who shall have been summoned on his or their Behalf before cheated* the House, or such Seled Committee, on the Trial of the said Petition, the Sum so certified as aforesaid by the Speaker to be due to such Witnefs, together with the further Sum of Forty Shillings per Diem for every Day during which such Petitioner or Petitioners shall delay to fatisry the fame ; or if such Petitioner or Petitioners shall neglect or refuse, for the Space of Six Months after Demand, to pay to any Officer of the House, or to any Party who shall appear in Oppofition to their said Petition, the Sum so certified by the Speaker in pursuance of this Ad, or of the said recited Ad of the Twenty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, to be due to such Officer or *8 o.j. c.js* Party for their Fees, Cofts or Expences, and that such Negled or § *3.

Refufal shall be proved to the Speaker’s Satisfadion by Affidavit

fworti before any Mafter of the High Court of Chancery, and fuch

Mafter is hereby authorized to administer such Oath, and is

authorized and required to certify such Affidavit under his Hand ;

in every such case such Person or Persons shall be held to have made

Default in his or their said Recognizance; and the Speaker of the

House of Commons shall thereupon certify such Recognizance into

the Court of Exchequer, and shall also certify that such Person or

Persons have made Default therein, and such Certificate shall be

conclufive Evidence of such Default, and the Recognizance being fo

certified shall have the fame Effect as if the fame were e(treated from a

Court of Law : Provided always, that such Recognizance and Cer- Provifo for Re-

tificate shall in every such case be delivered by the Clerk, Deputy cognizances,&c.

Clerk or One of the Clerks Affiftant of the House of Commons, into

the Hands of the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or of One of

the Barons of the Exchequer, or of such Officer as shall be appointed

by the said Court to receive the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in any A6tion which (hatl Speaker’s Certi-be commenced for the Recovery of any Cofts, Expences or Fees fic^t© to hav©

53 GtO. III.	U	which	FJfettof War-

*9*

rant of Attorney to confeft Judgment*

Regulations re-fpedting Recognizances not to apply to Petitions regarding only Right of lie&ion.

a8 0.3. c-5a.

*16.

JiS.

Petitions opi'o-(ing Right to he prefen ted within Six Months.

5}° GEO* m*	A.D.	18x3*

which shall have beta certified by the Speaker, in pursuance of thin Aft or the said recited Aft, to be due and payable, such Certificate so signed as aforefcid by him, shall hare the Force and Effeft of x Warrant of Attorney to confefs Judgment; and the Court in which such Aftion shall be commenced shall upon Motion, and on the Production of such Certificate, enter up Judgment for the Sum specified in such Certificate to be due from the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftien, in like manner as if the said Defendant or Defendant# had signed a Warrant to confefs Judgment in the (aid Aftion to that Amount*

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the several Rules and Regulations hereinbefore enacted, by which certain Perfbns are directed to enter into Recognizances, and by which certain Person* are made liable to the Payment of Cods to the opposite Parties in the particular manner aud in the several cases hereinbefore specified, shall not be construed to apply , to the case of any Petitioo presented in pursuance of the said recited Aft of the Twenty eighth Year of His Majefty's Reign, and relating solely to any Question or Queftiona respecting the Right of Election, or of cnuiing, nominating or appointing a Returning Officer or Officers.

* XV. And whereas, by the (aid Aft passed in the Twenty eighth

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it it provided, that

*	any Person or Perlons may, within Twelve Calendar Months, prefent

*	a Petition to the House, opposing any such Determination refpefting

*	the Right of Election, or the Right of choosing, nominating or

*	appointing such Returning Officer or Returning Officers, or within

* Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session of

* Parliament after that in which such Determination shall have been

*	reported to the House; and that Forty Days shall intervene between ‘ the Day of presenting such Petition to the House and the Day 1 appointed for taking the fame into Confideration ; and the allowing < of so much time for the Purpofe aforesaid has been found to be

*	inconvenient and unnecessary ;* Be it enacted, That whenever any such Report with resp eft to such Rights, any or either of them, shall be made to the House, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, within Six Months next after the Day on which such Report shall have been made to the House, or in case such Six Months shall end between the time when the present or any future Parliament shall be di(To!ved or shall expire, and the Day on which the next Parliament fhail meet ; or in case such Six Months shall expire during any Recefs> either by the Prorogation of Parliament, or by the Adjournment of the House of Commons for Fourteen Days intervening between the Day of Adjournment and the Day to which the Houle shall he so adjourned, then within Fourteen Days next after the First Day of the next Parliament, or of the next Seflion of the fame Parliament, or of the next Meeting of the House of Commons, as the case may be, to petition the Houh* to be admitted as a Party or Parties to oppose those Rights, any or either of them, which (hail have been deemed valid in the Judgment of such Seleft Committee 5 and that such Petition when presented shall be ordered by the Houle to lay on the Tabic till such Six Months, or such Fourteen Days as afoce-said, shall be expired 5 and that within Twenty one Sitting Days after the Expiration of such Six Months or Fourteen Days, a Day and 'Hour shall be appointed by the House for taking the fame into Coo-

fidemiost

v^.

A>D.i8i3*	53*	GEO. III.	C.71.	aj>«

fideration, so that the Space of Fourteen Days at the lead shall always intervene between the Day on which such Order shall be made and the Day appointed by the House for taking the fame into Confideration 5 and such Day and Hour may from time to time be altered, as to the House shall seem fit; and Notices of such Day and Hour, and of such Alteration thereof, shall be sent to the several Persons who have petitioned the House respecting such Rights, in like manner as is done in other cases ; any thing in the said la ft mentioned Adi to the contrary notwith(landing.

*	XVI. And whereas is is not fit that any Member having served 28G.3. c.52.

*	on a Seledl Committee, who shall have reported to the House their §

*	Determination with respect to the Right of Eledlion, or the Right Member having

*	of choosing, nominating or appointing any Returning Officer or j^rtvtcc re.

*	Returning Officers, under and by virtue of the said recited Adi, ported the Right, 4 should alio serve on a Seledt Committee to be appointed to try not to ferve

4 the Merits of a Petition opposing such Determination;’ Be it Committee on enacted. That if upon the Appointment of any such last mentioned	oppo-

Seledl Committee, the Name of any Member shall be drawn who served on such former Committee, and was present at the time of such Determination, his Name shall be fet aside.

*	XVII. And whereasby the said recited Adi, certain Notices and a8 G..i.c.5ju

*	Reports are ordered to be given and inserted in the next London § *5* 28.

*	Gazette, which Diredlion cannot in many cases be complied with

Be it enacted, That in all cases where any such Notice or Proceeding Notices given in is directed to be published in the next London Gazette, it shall be one of Two next sufficient if the fame is published in One of the Two next London L,ondon Ga* Gazettes ; any thing in the said Adi to the contrary notwithstanding. xeltcs*

XVIII.	And, for avoiding and preventing all Doubts respecting the Appointment of any Seledl Committee, under and by virtue of any Adt concerning the Trial of Controverted Eledlions and Returns, by reason of any of the Members of the said Committee not being duly qualified to serve upon such Committee, be it enacted, That Seledl Com-every Seledl Committee which shall be appointed under and by virtue mjt,ee ,’WMrn at of the said Adis or any of them, shall be deemed and taken to have	to

been and to be legally appointed, from and after the time of any such sa||y appoinJd. Seledl Committee having been sworn at the Table in the usual manner.

‘ XIX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Authority of

*	fuch Seledt Committees to examine as a Witnefs any Person who 4 may have subscribed the Petition, to try and determine which such 4 Committee shall have been appointedBe it hereby declared and enacted. That it is and shall be lawful for any such Seledl Committee, Committee* duly constituted for the Trial of Controverted Eledlions or Returns, may examine

to examine any Person, although he shall have subscribed such Person* fuhicrib-Petition ; except it shall otherwise appear to such Committee that lRg petit,on* such Person shall be an interested Witnefs.

4 XX. And whereas by an Adi passed in the Eleventh Year of Nominees,where

*	His present Majesty, and intituled An A3 to explain and amend an txcuieJ, n G j.

*	Aft made in the lajl Sejfton of Parliament, intituled An Aft to regulate c- 42, § 6*

*	the Trials of Controverted E left ions, and of Returns of Members to 4 fetve in Parliament, it is, among other things, enacted, that in the

*	cafes therein provided, the Thirteen Members whose Names (hall

*	be returned by the Parties to the House, shall by themselves choose 4 Twx> Members then present in the House to be added to the faid

U 2	* Thirteen

Ipl	C71172.	53" GEO. III.	A.D.T8X3.

4 Thirteen MemberiBe it enacted, That either of the Member* so ehofen shall or may be fet aside for any of the fame Caufes as those chosen by Lot.

Form of Recognisance.

FORM of RECOGNIZANCE referred to in this Aft.

4 T*E it remembered. That on the	Day of

•	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

•	before me A. B. (Speaker of the House of Commons) or, One of 4 His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of

icame C. D. E. F and J. G. and severally acknowledged them-elves to owe to our Sovereign Lord the King the following Sums;

4 that is to fay, the said C. D. the Sum of One thousand rounds,

* and the said E, F. and the said J. G. the Sum of Five hundred 4 Pounds each, to be levied on their respective Goods and Chattels, 4 Lands and Tenements, to the Ufe of our said Sovereign Lord the 4 King, bis Heirs and Succefiors, in case the said C. D. shall fail in 4 performing the Condition hereunto annexed. The Condition of 4 this Recognizance is, that if the said C. D. shall well and truly 4 pay all Cods and Expences and Fees which shall be due and payable 4 from the said Petitioner to any Witnefs who shall be summoned to

f" ive Evidence in his Behalf, or to any Clerk or Officer of the louse of Commons, upon the Trial of the Petition signed by the * said C. D. complaining of an undue Ele&ion or Return for the [here 4 fate the County, City, Borough, or DiJlriQ of Burghs ] or complaining 4 that no Return has been made for the faid

4 within the time limited by Aft of Parliament, or that the Return 4 made for the faid	is not a Return of a Member or

• Members according to the Requifition of the Writ: And if the * said Petitioner shall also well and truly pay the Cods and Expences • of the Party who shall appear before the House in Oppofition to 4 the said Petition, in case the said Petitioner shall fail to appear * before the House at such time or times as shall be fixed by the 4 House for taking such Petition into Confideration ; or, in case the 4 said C. D. shall withdraw his said Petition by the Permiflion of the * House ; or, in case the Seleft Committee appointed by the House • to try the Matter of the said Petition, shall report to the House • that the said Petition appears to them to be frivolous or vexatious, c then this Recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of full Force • and EfTeft.'

CAP. LXXII.

An Aft for the more effectual Adminiftration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace within the Townftiips of MancheJIer and Salford, in the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide, by Means of a Rate on the said Townftiips and otherwise, a competent Salary to a Juftice of the Peace acting within the said Townftiips \ and to enable the Con (tables of MancheJIer and Salford to take Recognizances in certain Cafes.	[22d	June	1813.3

4 TT7HEREAS from the Magnitude and Importance of the 4 VV Bufinefs of a Juftice of the Peace within tne Townfhips of 4 MancheJIer and Salford, in the Hundred of Salfordt in the County

4 Palatine

m

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.	C.7S.

4 Palatine of Lane after, and the other Town ships composing the

* Divifion of MancbeJIer, owing to the very extensive Population

•	thereof, and the prevailing and increasing Influence of its Trade 4 and Manufaftures, the Office of a Juftice of the Peace within the 4 said Divifion hath become and is likely to continue very Burthenfome 4 and difficult, so that a sufficient Number of those who are in the 4 Commiffion of the Peace for the said County, resident in or near to 4 the said Division, are not found to aft in the Executipn thereof 4 with that Promptnefs and Effeft which the good Government of 4 the Inhabitants of the said Division, and the Proteftion asd Security 4 of their Persons and Properties require ; and it is therefore expedient 4 that the Juftice of the Peace hereinafter mentioned, acting in that 4 Division, should receive some competent Remuneration for his 4 Trouble, in order that a vigilant, steady and regular Adminiftration 4 of the Laws for the Maintenance of the Peace and good Order 4 throughout the Divifion aforesaid, may be provided for and secured:* May it therefore please Your Majessy, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in Right of His Duchy and County Palatine of Lan-cafter, forthwith and from time to time as Occafion may require, by and with the Advice of his Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, to appoint one fit and able Person, who shall be a Barrifter at Law of Four Years standing at the least, being a Juftice of the Peace for the said County, to execute the Office of a Juftice of the Peace within the said Division, either by himself or together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine as may think proper to attend, and to be therefore entitled to such Salary and Remuneration as is hereinafter in that behalf provided for.

II.	And be it further enacted. That the said Juftice Co to be appointed as aforesaid shall reside within One Mile of the Exchange in the Town of Mancbejter, or of the New Bailey Court House m the said Town of Salford, and shall daily (Sundays excepted) attend at the New Bailey Court House in Salford : Provided always, that the Attendance of the said Juftice may be supplied by any other Juftice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person named and authorized by such Appointment as aforesaid, to aft in the Execution of the said Office of Juftice of the Peace for the said County, during his Refidence within the Limits aforesaid, although such Person may not be possessed of or entitled in Law or Equity to an Eftate or Intereft in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in England or Wales, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds ; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding 5 provided that such Person be not difqualifted by Law to aft as a Juftice of the Peace, for any other Caufe or upon any other account than in respect of the want of such an Eftate or Intereft as is aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices aifembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held by Adjournment within the said Hundred, or at any Adjourn-' went thereof, and they are hereby required and authorized, from time

U 3	to

HU Majerty to appoint a Bar riftor to assist as a Juftice.

Juftice to attend at New Bailey Court House iu Salford.

Want of Eftate or Interect, not to incapacitate Jultke.

Quarter Seftioas to direct Payment ofI4000I a Year to Juftice.

294	C. 72.	53’GEO. IB.	A.D.1813.

to time, so long as the said Juftice shall continue to discharge the Duties of the said Office, by Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of them (whereof the said Juftice so to be appointed as aforesaid is not to be one), to direct the Commiflionera acting in the Execution of an Ad of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty 3* G* 3* c 69. second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for cleanjing, lighting* watching and regulating the Streets9 Lanes* Pajfages and Places within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster ; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes and Pajfages ; and for other Pvrfofes therein men~ tioned; to pay, and the said Commiflioners shall thereupon pay to the said Juftice the Sum of One thousand Pounds in each Year, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, to be appointed by the said Juftioes assembled at the said Quarter Seflionsof the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof; and so, pro rata, a Proportion of such Quarterly Payments up to the time of the Death of such Juftice, or his ceafmg to ad under such Appointment as aforesaid ; and such Payments shall be afiefied, raised and levied, in such and the like manner a? any Rate directed to be raised by the said hereinbefore recited Ad, and with such and the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies for colleding the fame as are mentioned and contained in the said hereinbefore recited Ad.

Hare for Pay- V. And be it further enacted, for the better providing and securing meat of Salary, the Payment of the said Salary, That it shall and may be lawful for the General Commiifioners appointed under and by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited Ad, or any Niue or more of them assembled as in the said Ad is mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and required to a fiefs, raise and levy, in like manner and Form as any Rate is directed to be assessed, raised and levied under the said hereinbefore recited Ad, such Sum and Sums of Money annually as shall be adequate to the Payment of the said Salary ; provided that the Sum to be taifed under the Authority of this Ad shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Three pence in the Pound upon the rateable Property specified in the said recited Ad: and provided also, that the Sums to be raised under the said Ads respectively shall be applied to the specific Purpofes of such Ads, and that distinct and separate Accounts shall be kept of the Monies assessed, raised and levied under the fame respectively.

Rate apportion- VI. And be it further enacted. That the said Towns of Mancbejler *h	and Salford shall respectively contribute to the Payment of the Salary

aforesaid, in the Proportions following; that is to fay, the Town of Manchefler shall contribute Seven Eighth Parts thereof, and the Town of Salford shall contribute One Eighth Part thereof.

Recegniuncts VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful eftreated applied for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lasuafer for the iu Aid of Rate. time being, and they are hereby required from time to time to make Orders upon the Receiver General of the said Duchy, to pay over the Amount of Monies (not exceeding the Sum of Ooe thousand Pounds in any One Year) which shall or may be hereafter levied or received to His Majesty*s Ufe, upon or by reason of Recognizances taken and eftreated in the said County Palatine of Lancq/ier, to the Treasurer of the Commiflioners under the said recited Ad, for the (aid Town ship of Manchester, to be applied in Aid of the Rate to be made in each of the (aid Townihips under this Ad, for or towards the

Payment

*9i

A-to.i*13.	$39	GEO. III.	C. jt9 73«

Payment of the fakl Salary of the {aid Juftice appointed at aforesaid; any thing in an Ad made in the First Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An AH for the better Support of Her Majefti9i 1 Ann. State. House bold, and of the Honour and Dignity of toe Crown, or any other c# 7#

Law or Statute to the contrary notwith(landing : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall controul or abridge the Power of the said Chancellor and Council to relieve and mitigate eftreated ' Recognizances and Levies made therein in certain cases of Hardihip and Distress, as they are used to do.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Juflice not to fit That no Juftice of the Peace to be appointed as aforesaid by virtue of *!) House of this Ad, (hail, during their Continuance in such Appointment, be Common,• capable of being elected or of fitting as Members of the House of Commons.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That, for the better Adminiftration OmfttMe* te 'of the Police within the (aid Divifion of Manchester, it shall and may take RccoJ»u-he lawful for the Conftables appointed for the said Townfhips re- tancefc fpedively, or any One of them, or their respective Deputy Constables,

on having an Appointment in Writing from their respective Principal Conftables for that Purpose, to take Recognizances without any Fee or Reward, from all or any Persons or Person who shall be brought before them or any of them, in the Night time, on any Charge not amounting to Felony, for the Appearance of such Persons or Person before such Juftice (o to be appointed as aforesaid, or any other Juftice of the Peace for the said County Palatine, within the Space of Two Days then next, for further Examination; and that such Recogni- Eflreitiitg canoes so to be taken as aforesaid shall be of equal Obligation to the Rtcoguiauwcev Parties entering into the fame, and liable to the fame Proceedings for the eftreatmg thereof, as if the fame had been taken before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Expences incident to the Exrence* of fobciting, obtaining and pafling this Ad, shall be levied and railed in

manner and Form hereinbefore directed for the raifmg of the Salary of the (aid Juftice so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed and Public A&. taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

Inch by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXIII.

An A€t to declare that the Duties of Excife and Drawbacks, granted and made payable in Ireland on Tobacco by an Ad of this Seflion, are payable according to the Amount thereof in Britifk Currency.	[2d	July	1813.]

*	TTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the present Sefiion of Par- 53 G. j. c.57.

4 VV liament, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majesty certain

4 Duties of Exeife in Ireland on Tobacco, certain Duties and Draw-

*	backs of Excile on Tobacco were granted and made payable in

*	Irelandand Doubts have arisen whether the fame are to be paid

4 according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b or Ir'tjb Currency /

Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Duties and

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of tne Lords Spiritual Drawbacks un-

na Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament afTembled^ der

Currency.

296	C.73,74.	530	GEO.	HI.	A.D.1813.

and by the Authority of the fame, That the several Duties and Drawbacks of Excife, and the several Countervailing Duties, in the said A6t mentioned, are and shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

CAP. LXXIV.

An A£t to provide for the better Colleftion of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland.	[2d	July 1813.]

4 \\ 7 HERE AS it is expedient to make further Regulations and

*	VV to amend the Laws for the Collection of the Malt Duties

*	in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltfter;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preient Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thou-

46c-57« sand eight hundred	and thirteen, an Aft made	m the Forty fixth

repe	.	Year ot His prefent	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend an

A3 made in the lad Session of Parliament for the Colie Sion of the Malt Duties iti Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltjler, shall be and the fame i9 hereby repealed, except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for or recovering, levying or collecting any Duties due by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or any Arrears of any such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or may hive been incurred under the said recited Aft, on or before the said Twenty ninth Day of September.

it further enacted, That, from and after the said c ar*	*	Twenty ninth Day	of September One thoufand	eight hundred and

*	thirteen, in lieu and	infteaa of the Monthly and	Yearly Charges on

Majtfters and Makers of Malt in Ireland, under any Aft or Ads in force, every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be charged according to the Proportions hereinafter mentioned and expressed; that is to^fay, every Maltfter or Maker of Malt in Ireland shall, between the Twenty ninth Day of September in every" Year and the Twenty ninth Day of September following, during the Continuance of the Licence of such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excife for a Quantity of Malt, after the Rate of Eighty Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square of working or drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthoufe in which such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and also for a6 much more Malt as such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall actually make within the said Period.

Manner of	III. And be it further enacted, That the Charge of such Yearly

DupmS Ycarly Duty of Eighty Barrels shall be made in manner following 5 that is u	to fay, every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be charged for

not lefa than Eight Calendar Months in every Year, and for every such Calendar Month such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be charged with and pay Duty for Ten Barrels of Malt for every One hundred. Feet Square of such working or drying Floor or Floors, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet 5 and every Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be also charged with and pay Duty for as much more Malt as could be produced from any Corn or Grain aftually

wetted

*97

AJD.i8i3'	53* GEO. III. C.	74.

wetted by such Maltfter or Maker of Malt within etery fuck Period of One Calendar Month, after the Rates and under the Regulations expressed, mentioned and contained in an Ad made in the 45 Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad §*3>*4-for the CoHedion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltjler.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Malt Jn case Quantity charged upon any Maltfter or Maker of Malt in any one Year, of Malt chained ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, shall not amount to °J*JVeaMhal the full Quantity of Malt after the Rate aforesaid, for which such nocam<untto Maltfter or Maker of Malt is hereby made chargeable with Duty full Quantity within any Year, the Surveyor or Gauger or other Officer in Charge chargeable, Sur-of the Malthoufe of any such Maltfter or Maker of Malt (haul, *eJor roa7 withi" Twenty Day* after such Twenty ninth Day of

make a Return to the Colledor ot the Dmnd in which such Malt- which shall be

house shall be situate, of such Quantity of Malt, and of the Duties charged on

thereon, as with the Quantities comprized in former Returns of Malt, MikfUr.

again ft such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, in the Year ending on fuch

Twenty ninth Day of September, shall amount to the full Quantity of

Malt for which such Maltfter or Maker of Malt is so made chargeable

with Duty after the Rate aforesaid; and such Return shall be a

Charge on such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, and shall be payable by

such Maltfter or Maker of Malt in manner directed by the (aid recited 45 G. 3, c. 33.

Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid.	h S3, a*

V.	And be it further enacted, That every such Charge by this Ad Charges made directed to be made against any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, and the •sdolt Maltftei? Duty in respect thereof, shall be made and returned by the Officer j

and the said Duty shall be paid by the Maltfter or Maker of Malt Jo ReguLniona in such manner and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, of former AdK Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, as are contained in the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Collection of the Malt Duties, so far as the fame are confident and compatible with each other, save and except such Rules and Regulations as are expressly altered by this Ad; and that all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, lo far as the fame are confident and compatible with each other (and except as aforesaid), shall be applied in the charging, levying, collect ing and recovering all such Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Commiffioners

may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in of Esdfc may Ireland, or any Three of them, to reduce or abate the Quantity of	Quintity

Malt for which any Maltfter or Maker of Malt is under this Ad jfhkh MaUfUri chargeable with Duty during the Continuance of his Licence in any chargeable. Year, on such Occafions and under such Regulations and Reftridions

as the Commissioners of Excife, or any Number of them, are empowered to reduce or abate any Charge under the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid; any yearly or other Charge or Matter in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Content and Proportion which the Content of the Kiln Floor of any Malthoufe Proportion of tinder and by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force, on gr immediately f10™*

befoii M*khouf«*

»p«

C-74*

53°gio.ih.

A.D.1813.

Exctcdtnf fuch

Proportions.

Penalty.

Wetting Corn Notice, at a certain time.

Penalty,

Penalty.

No Licence granted to Brewers, unLfs in their Bond be contained a Condition not to life raw or un. malted Coni;

47 C.3. feAIz. c*35*

nor unless Parties requiring Licence shall sign Affidavit in Form prefetibed.

Poem cf Affi.

davit.

before the said Twenty ninth Day of September, is required to be* to the Content of the growing, working and drying Floor or Floor! of such Makhonfe, the Content of such Kiln Floor or Floors shall aod may be in the Proportion of Four hundred and five Square Feet to Two thousand six hundred Square Feet of such working, growing and drying Floor or Floors; any thing in any Ad or Adf a to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that if the Content of such Kiln Floor or Floors of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall exceed the Proportions in this Ad mentioned and contained, such Maltfier or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and a further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Day during which the Content of such Kiln Floor or Floors shall exceed the Pro portion! aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain making into Malt, of the wetting of which any such Notice or renewed Notice as is by Law required to be given shall not have been given, or which shall have been begun to be wetted at any other time than between the Hours of Nine m the Morning and Four in the-Afternoon, shall be found in any Malthouse, or on any Floor or other Place belonging to any Maltfier or Maker of Malt, all such Com or Grain shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife; and the Maltfter or Maker of Mak in whose Malthoufe the fame shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX.	And, for the further preventing the Ufe of raw or unmalted Com by Brewers in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, no Licence shall be granted to any Pcrfon in Inland to brew Srong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unless in the Bond required to be entered into by such Brewer under and by virtue of an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His prefect Majefty's Reign, intituled An AB to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Ex erfcable Commodities, there be inserted a Condition that such Brewer shall not use any raw or unmalted Corn in brewing any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer as was required by the laid recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid 5 any thing in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person in Ireland, unless and until all and every the Person or Persons to whom or on whose Behalf such Licence shall be granted; and every Partner and Person concerned in th$ Brewery for which such Licence shall be granted, shall make spd sign an Affidavit, or being a Quaker or Quakers, shall solemnly affirm in the Prefcnce of the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid, who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effed following ; that is to fay,

T A. B. on whose Behalf and for whose Ufe (together with C.D.

A &c. if there are Two or more Partners) a Licence is required to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, [$r, Small Beer, as the case maj be] for Sale at	in the County of

do hereby solemnly swear £cr, affirm], That I will not directly or indircdly cause or permit or suffer, or be party or privy to the causing, permitting or fufiering any raw Com or Com not malted, and uot having been charged with the Duty on Malt made in Ireland* to be ufea in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale or Porter, or Small Beer, or in the making or j>re-

‘ paring

«pp

A-D.1&13.	53fGEO.	IIL	C.74.

4 paring of any Liquor to imitate or to refcmMe, or to be mixed with, 4 or to be used, foW or disposed of, or delivered, as or for Beer, Ale, 4 Porter or Small Beer; and that I will not fell, dispose of, (end or 4 deliver, or cauie to be fold, disposed of, feot or delivered to any

*	Perfon or Persons whatsoever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale or 4 Small Beer, any Liquor made or prepared from raw Corn or Com 4 not malted, and not having been charged with the Duty on Malt

*	made in Ireland, or in the making whereof any such raw Com or

*	Com not malted shall have been any way used ; and that I will not

4 cause or permit or Suffer, or be party or privy to the coding, per-4 mining or Suffering any raw or unmalted Corn, ground or bruiied, 4 to be brought into or kept in the Brewery or Premifcs at the dud 4 Place; and I do hereby alSo Solemnly Swear [or, affirm] that no 4 other PerSon or PerSons is or are concerned or engaged in the Said 4 Brewery as Partners with me, (except the (aid C. D. &c. as the 4 ease may be).	4	So help me GOD/

And if any Such Licence shall be granted to any Person or PerSons who (nail not have made Such Oath or Affirmation, or if any Person or PerSons, other than the Person or Persons who shall have made such Oath or Affirmation respectively, shall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners m the Brewery for which such Licence shall be granted, such Licence shall be and become forfeited, and shall be null and void.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premifcs connected with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, ground or bruised, mixed or unmixed, with any malted Corn or Grain; and that all raw or unmalted Com or Grain, ground or bruised, mixed or unmixed with any malted Com or Grain, and all malted Corn or Grain with which such raw or unmalted Com or Grain

Licence net available to Per-Tons not having taken the Oath.

Brewers shall not have any raw or unmalted Corn on their Prtmifet

in which such raw Com or Grain, ground or bruised, mixed or unmixed with any malted Com or Grain shall be contained, and all Carts, Drays and other Carriages on which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain belonging to such Brewer, ground or bruised, shall be found in the Courie of Conveyance, ana all Horfes or other Beads of Burthen Penalty, attached to every such Cart, Dray or other Carriage, shall be forfeited, and may be respectively Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That if in the Brewery of Brewers having any Brewer or other Person or Persons in Ireland making or brew- fucJ1 in g, or profeffingto make or brew Ale, Strong Beer, Porter or Small ConL Beer, or in any Part of such Brewery, or in any Part of the Pre-mifes connected with such Brewery, there shall be found any raw or unmalted Com, ground or bruiied, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain, every such Brewer or other Person shall, for the Fird Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for Bird Offence, the Second and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; One Half of the said Forfeiture to be paid to the Informer, Thup* °®WK6, and upon Convi&ion for the Third Offence therein, the Licence of such Person or Perfonii or Brewer or Brewers, shall be null and void.

XII And

300

Perjury.

Recovery «nd Application of Penalties.

14 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. xo6. <cc.

Appeal.

C.74175.	53#GEO.IIL	A.D.1813.

XII.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this A A required to be take* or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person being duly conviAed thereof shall suffer the Paine and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Peijury are or shall be fubjcA by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or fubom any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, every such Person being duly conviAed of such procuring or fubom-ing, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, pains and Difabilities, as Persons conviAed of Subornation of Petjury are refpeAively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XIII.	And be it further enaAed, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this AA shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be railed, levied, colleAed and paid, sued for, recovered and applied (except in cases where it is otherwise direAed in this AA), in the fame manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and DireAions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed* direAed and expressed for levying, suing for or recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an A A made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the settling of the Exeife or new Imtojl ubon His Majesty, his Heirs and SucceJfors9 according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an AA made in the Forty fixtn Year of His present Majesty *s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioncn oj Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Exeife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any other A A or A As iti^Fbrce in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Exeife, or either of them, as fully and effeAually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expressed and enaAed, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Partes aggrieved, as in and bv the said recited A A made in the Fourteenth ana Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other AA or AAs as afore -faid is provided.

CAP. LXXV.

An AQ. for the better Regulation of the Cotton Trade in Ire-land.	[2d July	1813.]

« TT7 HEREAS it is desirable that a cheap and summary Mode 4 VV should be adopted for settling all Dilputes which may arise 4 between Matters and Weavers in the Cotton ManufaAure, or be-4 tween such Weavers and Persons employed by them, or between 4 Mailers and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the 4 Needle, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland, called Ireland:9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaAed; and be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflexnbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after

the

A.D.iSij.	S30 GEO. IIL	G.	75.	301

the passing of this Aft, in all cases of Difpute between Matters and Difyuteshetwee* Weavers in the Cotton Manufafture in Ireland, respecting Work Rafter* *nl done, or in the Courfe of being done in the said Manufafture, b whrther the subject of Difpote shall relate to bad Materials, or to ^nte<j by any Injury or Damage done or alleged to have been done to the Juftice of Peace. Work, or any Delay or supposed Delay in finithing the Work, or the not finithing the Work in a good and Workmanlike manner, or the Length, Breadth or Quality of any Pieces of Cotton Goods, either mixed or unmixed with other Materials, or the Yam thereof, or the Quantity or Quality of the Woof thereof, or the Compenfa-tion for working any new Pattern requiring the Purchafe of new, or the alteration of old Implements of Manufafture, or any other matter connected with the Cotton Manufafture in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Barony, City, Liberty, Town or Place, in which the Difpute shall arise, and he is hereby authorized and required, on Complaint made before him, and Proof by the Examination of the Party complaining, that Application has been made to the Person or Persons against whom such Caufc of Complaint has arisen, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, to fettle such Difpute, and that the fame has not been fettled upon such Application being made; or where the Difpute shall relate to a bad Warp, that such Caufe of Complaint has not been done away within Twenty four Hours after such Application, to summon before him the Person or Persons complained against, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, on some Day not exceeding Six Days, exclusive of Sunday, from the making such Complaint, and to give Notice to the Party complaining of the time and Place appointed in such Summons for the Attendance of the Person or Persons complained against, or his, her or their Agent or Agents as afore fa id ; and if at such time and Place the Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear by himself, herself or themselves, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, and do away such Caufe of Complaint, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the Requeft of either of the Parties, to nominate Referees for the settling the Matters in Difpute; to which End such Juftice shall then and there

mfe, on the Part and Behalf of the Matter, one Referee, who >e a Matter Manufafturer, or Agent or Foreman of some Matter Manufafturer resident in the Neighbourhood 5 but where no such Matter Manufafturer, Agent or Foreman can be found, then some Workman resident as aforesaid, and having a competent Knowledge of the Manufafture; and the said Juftice shall likewise then and there propose, on the Part and Behalf of the Weaver, another Referee, who shall be some Workman resident in the Neighbourhood, and having a competent Knowledge of the Manufafture ; and it shall be lawful for either of the Parties in Difpute peremptorily, and without assigning any Reafon, to challenge any Referee so proposed; and the Juftice shall in such case immediately propose another Person, of the like Defcription as aforesaid, in lieu of the Person challenged; which Person so proposed as last mentioned, may also be peremptorily challenged, and to toties quotlcs, until each of the Parties shall have had Two peremptory Challenges, without assigning any Cause; after which the Juftice shall immediately propose Two other Persons of the like Defcription as aforesaid to be Referees j and the Perfons

fo

Limitation of Complaint.

Party not attending to lose Benefit of Aft; and if complained of, hit Right of Challenge*

Placet of Meeting of Referees.

Referees shall determine within Three IVivs, or refer to a J uftice who shall determine within Two Days afterwards.

C.75.	J3°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813-

so proposed as aforesaid, and not challenged, or the Perfona proposed in the Event of all the Challenges hereby allowed having been made, shall be nominated Referees to fettle such Difpute ; and the Juftice shall thereupon appoint a Place of Meeting, according to the Directions of this A&, and also a Day for the Meeting, Notice of which Nomination, and of the Time and Place of Meeting shall thereupon be given to the Persons so nominated Referees, and to any Party to the Difpute who may not have attended the Meeting before such Juftice as afore laid ; and the Juftice shall certify the Nomination and Appointment in the Form for that Purpofe fet forth in the Schedule to this A6t, or in foroe other Form to the like Effect.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Complaints by any Weaver, as to bad Materials, shall be made within Four Weeks after his receiving the fame; and that all other Complaints shall be made within Three Days after the Caufe of Complaint shall arise; and that it shall not be allowable to any Mailer, who shall have received into his Pofleftion any Cotton Cloth, without Obie&ion made by himself or his Clerk or Foreman, afterwards to make any Complaint on account of Work so received.

III.	Provided also, and be it enabled. That if any Party so complaining as aforesaid, shall not attend or fend some Person on his or her Behalf, at the time and Place appointed by the Juftice of the Peace, for the Purpofe of naming Referees as aforesaid, such Party shall not in that case be entitled to the Benefit of this AH ; and if any Party, against whom Complaint shall have been made, (hill not attend, or fend some Person on his or her Behalf at the time and Place last aforesaid, the Juftice of the Peace shall nevertheless proceed to nominate Referees, and such Party shall in that case be deprived of all Right of Challenge under this A&.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where Complaints shall be made respecting bad Warns or Utenfils by Weavers, the Place of Meeting of the Referees (haft be at or aa near as mar be to the Place where the Work shall be carrying on; and in all other cases at or as near as may be to the Place or Places where the Work shall have been given out.

V.	And be it further enabled, That the Referees so to be nominated as aforesaid, shall meet at the time and Place fixed by the Juftice of the Peace for that Purpose, and shall by lnfpeftion of the Work in regard to which the Difpute may have arisen, by hearing and examining the Parties, or any Person or Persons on their or either of their Behalf respecting the Matters in Difpute, or by otherwise ascertaining the true State of the case, proceed to determine the Matter or Matters in Difpute referred to them; and the Award to be made by such Referees shall be final and conclusive between the Parties, without being subject to Review or Appeal by or before any Court whatsoever 5 but in caie such Referees shall not agree upon and decide such Matter or Matters in Difpute as aforesaid, or mall not make and sign their Award within Three Days after the Date of the Ju(lice’s Order, then the said Referees shall without Delay go before the Juftice by whom they were appointed, and in case of Im Abfence or Indisposition, before any .'other of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace in Inland mod convenient to be found, and shall date to such Juftice the Point or Points in Difference between them the said Refutes % which Point or Points in Difference the laid Juftice shall and

11	he

i^

AD.1813.

53* GEO. lit.

C.75.

S°3

he » hereby authorized and required to hear and determine, upoir the Statement of the Referees; and the said Juftice is hereby directed and required to fettle and determine the Matter or Matters in Difpute with all possible D if patch, and in all cases, within the Space of Two Days after the Application made to him for that Purpose, and the Determination of such Juftice shall be final and conclusive between the Parties in Difpute, without being fubjett to Review or Appeal by or before any Court whatsoever.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either of the Re- Juftice nuy defences shall refuse or delay to go before the Juftice, such Juftice is J?rm,ne upon hereby empowered and required to determine the Matter or Matters omTueferi in Difpute upon the Statement and Representation of the other e e ** Referee.

VII.	Provided always and be it enacted, That in case either or Juftice on Refb-both of the Referees so to be nominated as aforesaid shall refuse or fal of R:ferees delay to accept such Reference, or to a& therein, the Juftice by 10

whom they were appointed, and in case of his Abfence or Indifpofi- Dame 01 ** tion, some other ot His Majefty's Justices of the Peace in Ireland most convenient to be found, shall proceed to name another Person or Two other Persons of the Defcriptions aforesaid, to be Referee or Referees in the Place of such Referee or Referees so refilling or delaying ; and the Parties in Difpute shall respectively have the fame Power of challenge in the case of a Second Nomination as is given by this A6k in the case of a First Nomination, except so far as the Power may have been exercised upon such First Nomination; and in every case of a Second Nomination, the Referees shall meet within Twenty four Hours after the Application for the fame, and at the fame Place at which the Meeting of the Referees first named was appointed; and the Expence of every such Application for a Second Appointment of a Referee shall be borne and defrayed by the Party through whose Default or the Default of whose Referee such Application shall be rendered necessary 5 and the Juftice making such Second Appointment shall certify the fame in the Form for that Pur-pofe fet forth in the Schedule to this A£t, or in some other Form to the like EfFe&.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in every case after Second Where Second Nomination of a Referee or Referees, if both the Referees shall not Referee does not attend at the time and Place appointed for settling the Matter or Mat- c,lc oth®f ters in Difpute, it (hail be lawful for the Referee attending at such determbi?.** time and Place, to proceed by himself to the hearing and determining

wf the fame; and the Award of such foie Referee thereupon shall be	7

final and conelusive, without being subject to Review or Appeal by or before any Court whatsoever.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That if the Parties in Dif- Justices may pute shall think it expedient to extend the time hereby limited for the tend Period making of the Award, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend ^““ted for the fame accordingly by Indorsement (according to the Form in the AwinL Schedule hereunto annexed) on the Order of the Juftice of the Peace,

to be signed by both of them in the Prefence of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnestes; any thing hereinbefore contained to the con-tray notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to Jufticettofum-and for any such Juftice of the Peace a* aforesaid, and he is hereby mon Wiuaeffes. authorized and required, on the Application of either of the Parties

in

in

C-7S-

53“ GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Perjury.

Arbitrators may proceed in Al>-fcuce of Parties.

Award written

on Juftice*& Order.

Acknowledge mem of fulfilling an Award.

in Difpute, to summon any Witnefs or Witneffes to appear before him, to be sworn to give Evidence before the Referee* or Referee or Juftice (as the case may be), who are err is to fettle the Matter or Matters in Difpute 5 and any such Juft ice as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to administer to any such Witnefs or Witneffes an Oath in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft; and if any such Witnefs or Witneffes shall neglect or refnfe to attend before such Juft ice as aforesaid to be sworn, or before the said Referees or Referee or Juftice as aforesaid, who are or is to fettle the Matter or Matters in Difpute, at any time and Place fixed for that Purpofe under the Provifions of this Aft, it shall and mav be lawful for any such Juftice as aforesaid, upon Proof on Oath being made before him of the Service of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the fame at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person summoned, and also upon the like Proof of the Negleft or Refufal of such Person to attend as aforesaid in pur-fuance of such Summons, unless a reasonable Excufe be made for such Non-attendance to the Satisfaftion of such Juftice, to issue bis Warrant under his Hand, for the apprehending and bringing such Person before him ; and if any Person so being brought before such Juftice as aforesaid, shall still refuse to attend jto be sworn and be examined, or give his or their Teftimony before the Referees or Referee or Juftice who are or is to fettle the Matter or Matters in Difpute touching the fame, such Person so refusing shall be by such Juftice as aforesaid committed to the House of Correftion within his or their Jurifdiction, there to remain without Bail or Main prize, until he, (he or they shall submit to be sworn, and to be examined and give Evidence before the Referees or Referee or Juftice (as the case may be) touching the Premifes.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That all Persons who in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Aft, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence or otherwise forswear themselves before any such Referees or Referee or Juftice as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviftion thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of Perjury arc by the*Laws now in being in Ireland subject and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if either of the Parties in Difpute shall neglect or refuse to attend the Referees or Referee, they or he may notwithstanding proceed to make their or his Award, in the fame manner as if the Party so refusing or neglecting had attended.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Award to be made upon any Reference under this Aft, shall be drawn up and written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Juftice’s Order, certifying the Appointment of the Referees according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in some other Form to the like Effest; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, Tha^ upon Fulfilment of any Award under this Aft, the fame shall be acknowledged by the Party in whose Behalf such Award shall have been made; by an Acknowledgment at the Foot thereof, in the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in some other Form to the like Effest, which, with the Award, shall thereupon be delivered to the Party fulfilling the fame.

XV. And

A3.1813.	53° dm. nL	G.'7J.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Party Thall refufd or delay to fulfil an Award under this Ad, for the Spaoe or Terni Of Two Days aifter the filnse shall have been reduced into Writing* tt shall be lawful for any such Juftice as aforesaid, on the Application of the Party Aggrieyed, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand, according to the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed* Or in some other Form to the like Effed, to cause the Sum and Sums of Money directed to be paid by any such Award to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Perfotr or Perfdns liable to pay the fame, together with all Cofts and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale, such Sale to take place within such time, not exceeding Five Days, as the said Juftice /hall think proper, and the Overplus, if any, to arise by such Sale, to be rendered to the Owners of the Goods and Chattels diftramed; and iu case it shall appear by any Return to such Warrant that no firfficient Diftrefs can be readily had, which Return may be in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in some other Form to the like EfFed, it shall be lawful for any such Juftice as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand, according to the Form

the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in some other Form to the like Efifed, to commit the Person or Persons so liable as aforesaid to the Common Gaol or some House of Correction, within his or their Jurildidion, there to remain without Bail for any time not exceeding Three Months, nor less than Two Months.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Cofts, Time and Expences attending the Applications to Justices to be made under this Ad (except in the Inftance hereinbefore fpecialfy provided for), and of the Reference pursuant to any such Application, shall be fettled by the Referees or Referee by whom such Difpute shall be fettled ; and where the fame shall be determined by any Juftice of the Peace upon the Statement of the Referees or Referee, in the manner herein directed, then by such Juftice; and where the Referees appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the Cofts, Time and Expences to be allowed, the fame shall be fettled by the Juftice of the Peace by whom the laid Referees or Referee were or was named, or, if the case shall require it, by any other Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the fame or some adjoining (Jounty, Barony, City, Liberty, Town or Place; and the Sara and Sums of Money so fettled to be paid (tall be specified in the Award, and be recoverable, together with the other Sum and Sums of Money directed to be paid by the Award, in manner hereinbefore provided for.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the following and no higher Fees shall be allowed to be taken for any Proceedings under this Ad j (videlicit),

To the Clerk of the Juftice :	£ s. d.

For each Summons -		6

For every Oath or Affirmation		6

For drawing and entering the Order			6

For every Award made by thd Juftice - •	— 1 —

For every Warrant * - •	• J —“

53 Gao. III.	X	To

30J

Obedience to Award enforced.

Imprifonment.

Cofts ifcertained by Referees er

Juftice.

Fees on Proceedings.

53* GEO. IH.

AJ).i8i3.

306

Rules for after-taining the Meafure b j which Weaver fti*.

Ticket* of Particulars given out with Warp*.

Agents, Servants or Partners, liable as Principals.

ProMctUngs in tales of Bankruptcy, ftt. of Mritar.

C75.

l*o the Conftat>le or other Peace Officer :	iff /. d.

For Service of Summons or Order		6

For executing Warrant of Diftrefs and Sale of Goods	— 16

For Cuftody of Goods distrained - per Diem	— — 4

For every Mile he shall travel	_ — 4

For every Return of Warrant of Diftrefs unexecuted		6

For every Caption -	— 1 6

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That with respect to all the different Fabrics of Muflin, the Length of the Web for which the Weaver is to be paid, shall be ascertained by the Standard £U of Forty five Inches, and the Breadth thereof by the Standard Yard of Thirty fix Inches 5 and with respect to Calicoes and other Cotton Goods usually clafied therewith, the Length and Breadth thereof shall be ascertained by the Standard Yard of Thirty fix Inches; and with respect to Fuftians and other Cotton Goods usually classed therewith, the Payment to the Weaver shall be ascertained by the Standard Yard of Thirty fix Inches, or by the Pound, or by the Spangle, according to the mode of ascertaining the fame usually praCtifed in and about the Place where the Queftion shall arise.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That with every Warp given out by a Manufacturer to a Weaver to be wove in Ireland there shall be delivered a Ticket, denoting the Quantity, Finenefs, Length and Breadth of the Warp, and the particular Fabric and Denomination of the Work to be performed, which Ticket shall be signed by the Manufacturer or Person employed by him to give out Work, and the fame shall, in the Event of Difpute between the Mailer and Weaver, be Evidence of all Matters and Things mentioned and contained therein, unless the Refult of the Work shall (hew that such Ticket contained an incorrect Reprefen tat ion ; and it is hereby ex-prefsly enacted and declared, that the Queftion of correct Repre-fentation in any such Ticket shall be as much Matter of Reference within the Provifions of this A d, as aiw other Matter of Difpute hereinbefore enumerated; and that the Weaver shall in all cases be paid according to the actual Length and Breadth of the Warp.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in aO cases where Work shall have been delivered to any Weaver by the Agent or Servant of any Mafter or Mailers, or by One or more of the Partners in any Bufinefs of Cotton Manufacture in Irelaad, and it shall be objeCled by the Party complained against that the Complaint ought to have been made against some other or additional Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the Party complaining to make the Complaint against any such Agent, Servant or Partner^*! the Proceedings directed by this Ad (hut and may be had against any such Agent, Servant or Partner, and shall be as effectual to charge the Principals or all the Partners (ss the case may be), and to fnbj«t them to the Provifions of this Ad in all respects as if the Proceedings had been had against such Principals, or against all such Partners.

XXI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all case* where any such Mafter or Matters shall as aforesaid be or become Bankrupt, or any Aflignment of his, her or their Eftate or £ffeds shall be or shall have been made under the said Bankruptcy or otherwife> by Deed or in Law, the Afligaee or Affiguees, Truftee

or

^-ooQie

a.d.i8i3*

53* GEOrflL

307

or Trustees of such Eftate or Effeds, shall be liable to the Proceedings authorized by this Ad against the Mafter or Mailers, as fully as the Mafter or Mailers was or were before the Bankruptcy or Alignment ; and such Proceedings may be commenced and prosecuted, or if commenced again (I such Mafter or Mailers be afterwards carried on against such Affignee or Affignees, Truftee or Trustees; and such Affignee or Affignees, Truftee or Trustees shall fulfil and abide by the Award made thereupon, and shall be subject to the Provifions of this Ad, in all respects, as if the Award had been made against the Mafter or Mailers before his or their Bankruptcy, or *the Affignment of his or their Eftate or Effeds : provided that all Sums of Money to be paid in pursuance of such Proceedings and Award, shall be recoverable only out of the Eftate or Effeds of such Mailer or Mailers, and not out of the proper Money of such Affignee or Affignees, Truftee or Trustees.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Married Complaint* roaftt Woman, or Infant under the Age of Twenty one Years, shall have ^^cioor Caufe of Complaint in any of the cases -provided for by this Ad, chttdrtn fctUtik such Complaint may be made, and all further Proceedings thereupon had, by and in the Name of the Hulband of such Married

Woman, and of the Father, or if dead, of the Mother, or if on the Death of both Parents, of any of the Kindred of any such Infant, or of the Surety or Sureties in any Indenture of Apprenticeihip of any such Infant being an Apprentice, or for want of iuch by and in the Name of any other Perton whatsoever; and such Proceedings shall be a9 effectual and as valid and binding as if such Married Woman was Sole, and such Infants were of full Age, and pursued by themselves the Remedies prescribed by this Ad.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Difpute Difpute sbenmn that may arise in Ireland between Weavers and Persons employed by Weaver* ..nd them, or between Mafler9 and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Persons employ-Goods with the Needle, every such Difpute shall and may be fettled

in the fame manner, and under the fame Regulations Diredions and an<j Servants or* Provifions in all refpe£ts, so far a9 the fame are applicable, mutatis nameming Cot-mvtandu, as are hereinbefore directed with respect to Difputes ton,howreferrcd. between Mailers and Weavers; except that in Difputes between Weavers and Persons employed by them, it shall not be necessary to name a Manufadurer, or the Agent or Foreman of a Manufadurer, as one of the Referees.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Award, Awards on un-Ticket, Matter or Thing written or done under and by virtue of damped Paper, this Ad, shall and may be drawn up, written and signed upon undamped Paper; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof

in any wife notwithstanding.

XXV* Provided also, and be it enacted. That no Juilice of the Mafter not to Peace, being also a Mafter Cotton Weaver, shall ad as a Juft ice under a<a •» Juftke. this Ad; any thing herein contained, or any former Statute, Law,

Ufege or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Rate Gf Wages, Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give to any Piovifo for. Juftice of the Peace Power or Authority to regulate or preferibe the

Rate of Wages for Work.

XXVII.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That no Proceeding Want of Form, under this Ad shall be deemed invalid by reason of any want of

Form only.

X 2

XXVIII. And

3o8

How frr repeal of former Irifli Atfi.

3 G.o. c.14. *7 G. a. c. 8. 3* G. a. c. lo. x9 & so G. 1. c 19. J

*3«c»4G. ,

«•7•	3

36 G* 3- c.44.

Public Atf.

C. 75.	53°GE(X1IL	A.D.1813-

XXVIII; Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, abridge, annul or make void, any of the Clauses, Provisions, Re* raedies or Powers contained in the several Ads made and palled in Ireland, in the Third, Seventeenth and Thirty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and ia the Nine* teenth and Twentieth, Twenty third and Twenty fourth, and Thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any of them, or in any other Ad or Ads heretofore made, which are applicable to the (aid Trade, or the Powers of Justices of the Peace, as con* neded therewith ; so far as the fame enact, provide or infiiti any Pains, Penalties or Puniftunents upon or against Workmen; and (0 far as the fame enact, provide or afford any Remedy or Remedies to the Mafters against the Workmen engaged in the said Trade or Ms* nufadure (fave and except where Referees have been appointed in the manner and for the Purpofes directed by this Ad); any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not wit h-ftanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be taken and allowed to be a Public Ad, in all Courts within that Part of the' United Kingdom called Ireland, and all Judges and Justices of the . Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the fame.

The SCHEDULE to which this A€t refers.

FORM of Justices Order, certifying Nomination of Referees, and Appointment of Time and Place of Meeting.

- J A. B. One of the Justices of Peace acting for

do hereby certify, that C. Z). and E. F. are by me duly nominated Referees, to fettle the Matters in Difference between G. H, of Mafter Manufadurer or Weaver [<w the case maj fo], and I. K. of	Weaver, or a Perfon

employed by a Weaver, or a Person employed in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle [at the case may fo] pursuant to an Ad passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign ot His present Majesty ; and that the said Referees are hereby directed to meet at on	the

Day of	at	of	the	Clock

in the Forenoon, or Afternoon [nr the case may fo].

FORM of Justices Orders certifying Second Nomination of Referees. t A. B. One of the Justices of Peace acting for

do hereby certify, that the above named C. D. and E. F. [sr, one of them, as the case may fo] having refused or delayed to ad in the above mentioned Reference, L. M. and N. 0. [or, L. M, only, as the case may fo] are [or, is] by me; duly nominated Referees [sr, Referee], together with the above named G>D: [or, E. F.'] to cttle the Matters in Difference between the above named G. H. and /. K. and the said G. D. or E. F. together with the said X*. M* (sr, the said L. M. or N. 0. as the case may fo] are directed to meet n. the Place above mentioned, on	the

Day of	at	of	the	Clock

in the Forenoon, sr Afternoon [0/ ti$ case may fo].

AJ).r8i3«	53®GEO.IIL	C7 5;

FORM	of	Indorfment extending the Time limited for mating the

Award.

"IXfE, A. B. and C. D. Parties to the within Reference, do hereby agree to extend the fame to the	Day of

inclufive. Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

Witnefs,	A. B.

C. D.

FORM of the Oath to le adminijlercd to Witnejfes under this A8. 'JpHE Evidence that you shall give respecting the Matters in Difr ference between A. B. and C. D. under or by virtue of an A^fc pafTed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 [fiate the Title of this Aft] shall be the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth. So help you GOD.

FORM of the Award to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Jvjlice of Peace, certifying the Reference.

'WTE,	[name	and	deferihe	the	Referees]	the

Referees appointed to fettle the Matter in Difpute between the Parties above or within named [or,	one	of	the

Referees so appointed,	the	other	Referee

appointed, having failed to attend, or, I N. 0. the Juftice, as tbp case may be] do hereby adjudge and determine that [here fet forth the Determination ; to which the Referees or Referee or Juslice, as thf case may be, /hall subscribe their Names.] As Witnefs our Hands [or, my HandJ this	Day	of

FORM of Acknowledgement of Fulfilment of the Awardt to be written at the Foot thereof.

T A. B. do hereby acknowledge, That the above Award has been 1 fulfilled by C. D. who is hereby discharged of the fame. Witpefa my Hand this	Day of

Witnefs,	A. B.

FORM of Warrant of Dijlrefs.

To the Coirftable of WHEREAS	of	under

v an Award made by	on	the

Day of	purfuant	to an A& pafTed in the Fifty third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 [fiate the Tale of this A8] is liable to pay to	of

the Sum of	and	alfo the Sum of

for Cofls, Time and Expences, making together the Sum of

and the faid	having refused or neglected to

pay the fame for the Space of Two Days and upwards, subsequent to the making such Award, these are therefore to command you to ‘levy the said Sum of	by Diftrefe and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of the faid	,	And	we do

hereby order and direct the Goods and Chattels so to be diflrained to be fold and disposed of within	Days, unlefs

tjie said Sum of	for	which such Diftrefs shall be

X 3	made.

3°9

C. 75.	53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

made, together with the reasonable Charges of taking ami keeping

such Diftrefs shall be sooner paid; and you are also heieby commanded to certify to me what you shall do by virtue of this my Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal at	the

Day of

FORM of the ConflabU’s Return of the Want of Difreft.

T	Con liable of	do	hereby

** certify to	Juftice	of	the Peace of

that I have made diligent Search for, but do not know of, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of by Diftrefs and Sale whereof I may levy the Sum of pursuant to his Warrant for that Purpose, dated the Day of	Given	under	my	Hand this

Day of

FORM of Commitment thereupon to the House of CornBion.

tv	.	r > \ fTo the Constable of

[Here name th, County) j and ^ ^ ^ Keeper of ^ Houfc ^

Correftion at

^^THEREAS under an Award made by

on the	Day	of	purfuant

to an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 \Jate the Title of this A3 J became liable to pay to	the	Sum	of

and also the Sum of	for

Cods, Time and Expences, making together the Sum of

and having refufea or negleftedi to pay the fame for the Space of Two Days and upwards, subsequent to the making fnch Award, my Warrant was, according to the Provifions of the laid Aft, duly made and issued for the levying the said Sum of

by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the (aid	;	and whereas it appears by the Return

of	Conftable of	dated	the

Day of	that	he	hath	made	diligent Search

for, but doth not know of, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of the faid	by	Diftrefs	and	Sale whereof the

fajd Sum of	may	be	levied	purfuant to my

said Warrant, These are therefore to command you the laid Constable of	to	apprehend the faid

and convey him to the said House of Correftion at aforesaid, and deliver him there to the Keeper of the laid House of Correction; and these are also to command you the Keeper of the said House of Correction, to receive him the laid into the said House of Correction, and there keep him without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of	Months,	unlefs the laid

Sum of	fo ordered to be paid as aforesaid, (hall

be sooner latisfied, with all reasonable Expences. Given under my Hand and Seal, at	the	Day	of

CAP.

A.D.1813.

'53* GEO.HL

C. 76,77.

311

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the . lrijb Road Afts, so far as the feme relate to the Appointment of Supervisors on Mail Coach Roads, to all Roads made and repaired by Prefentment.	[2d	July	1813.]

•	YT7HEREAS it has been found expedient to empower Grand

•	W Juries to appoint Supervifors without Salary, tor the better

•	Prefervation and keeping constantly in repair Mail Coach Roads 2

•	And whereas it would tend to (Economy and Improvement if the ‘ fame were or might be appointed on all Roads made and repaired by

•	Prefentment 5* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after Grand Juries the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand may appoint and Juries of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, uumintte Super, in Ireland, at any Amzes to nominate and appoint fucn and so many T“°r*

Persons, possessed of a Freehold or Leafehold Eft ate of not less than

Five hundred Pounds yearly Value, to be Supervifors of any Road wbatfoever in said County, County of a City or Town, which shall be made or repaired by Presentment, with such Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Regulations and Conditions, as are given and prefcribea to and for Supervifors of Mail Coach Roads under and by virtue of an Aft, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for amending the Irifh Road 49 O13. t.J* A3s.

CAP. LXXVD.

An Aft to amend an Aft passed in Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for palling the fame, in certain Cafes.	[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland, Z9&10G. *, holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His (I.) c. 41.

4 present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for empowering Grand 4 Juries to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for paffmg the fame,

4 in certain Cases, and Doubts have been entertained whether Lifting ( or Portcullis Bridges are within the Intent and Meaning of the 4 (aid Aft; and whether if such Lifting or Portcullis Bridget * could by Law be built or erected and maintained pursuant to the 4 Provifions of the Cud recited Aft, the Persons undertaking or ereft-A ing any such Bridge or Bridges, their Heirs, Executors, Adminif-4 trators or Afsigns, can by Law be compelled to keep the Naviga*

4 tion of any River whereon such Bridge or Bridges ftiould be erected 4 free and uninterrupted for ever, and to keep as weft the Lifting 4 Parts or Portcullifes of such Bridge or Bridges, as the Whole of 1 such Bridge or Bridges, in good and sufficient Order, Repair and 4 Condition, with proper Attendants thereon, at their own proper 4 Cofts, so as to permit Ships,. Boats and Veflels at all times to past 4 there through, and not to suffer such Bridge or Bridges, Port*

X 4	4	cullii

C-77*

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1SI?.

Provifions of recited Aft extended to Portcullis Bridget.

All Propa&ls for ercfting Bridges nude in Writing is a Contra# between Proposer and Trea-fisrer of County, •ftd Bond given (at Performance.

Treasurer may proceed by In-di&ment in case •f Bridge being •utof Repair.

4 cullis or Lifting Bridge, or any Part of the fame respectively, by 4 Negleft to run into Ruin and Decay, and thereby to impede o*

4 flop up the Paffage of such Bridge or Bridges, or the Navigation' • of any such Bridge, or by means thereof to compel the Public to 4 consent that the Lifting or Portcullis of such Bridge or Bridges 4 may be removed, and the Space over which the fame might be 4 erected or made, filled up or become solid Be k therefore enafttd by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and. Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said recited Aft, and all the Provifions therein contained, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to all and every Bridge or Bridges having any Portcullis or Lifting Parts as have heretofore been built or proposed to be built, or shall hereafter be built or proposed to be built under the Provifions of the said recited Aft; and that all Persons building or proposing to build any such Bridge or Bridges having any Portcullis or Lifting Part, shall and may avail themselves of all Powers and Benefits to arise by or from the fame Aft, and shall be subject to all Claufes and Conditions of the said A#, as fully and effectually as if the Term and Defcriptioa of Portcullis or Lifting Bridge or Bridges, or Bridge or Bridges having any Portcullis or Lifting Parts, had been expressly named and inserted in the said Aft.

II. And, for the better securing the perpetual free and uninterrupted Navigation of any and every River whereon any Bridge or Bridges whatever shall or may be built, and especially where it is the Intention that such Navigation shall not be interrupted, and the better to carry into Effeft the general Purpofes of the find recited A6t, be it further enacted, That every Propofal for building any Bridge or Bridges whatever, made or to be made under the said recited Aft and this A6t, by any Person or Persons to any Grand Jury or Grand Juries of any County, County of a City or Town, and received by them according to the said Aft, shall be reduced to Writing in the Nature of a Contraft between the Person or Persons making such Propofal, on the one Part, and the Treasurer of any such County, County of a City or County of a Town for the time being, his Suc-ceflor and SuccefTors, for and on Behalf of the Public, on the other Part; and such Contraft shall be signed by the Person or Persons making such Propofal, and shall he binding and conclusive upon such Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Admmiltrators or Affigns ; and that such Contraftor or Contractors (kill at the f me time, together with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by such Grand Jury, execute ptito such Treasurer and his SuccefTors a Bond or Obligation, with Warrant of Attorney for confefitng Judgment thereon, in a Penal Sum or Sums not less than Double the Amount of the Eftimate of such Bridge, as approved by the Grand Jury, conditioned for Performance of the Covenants and Conditions of such Contraft or Contrafts $ which said Bond and Warrant shall and may from time to time, and at all times be put in force by such Tnafurer for the time being, to compel the Execution of such Contract, and as is ufua! in cases of Breach of Contraft ; and it shall and may also he lawful for such Treasurer for the rime being, and he is hereby required to proceed by Indiftment for a Nokance at Common Law againil any such Contraftor or Contractors, his or *	their

:D.i8t3*

GKO. III.

C-77*

i*8

fir Heirs, Executors, Admiaritrators or Afsigns, in case any filch ridge or Bridges, whether having a Portcullis or Liftirfg Part, or otheraise, shall be neglected and shall be out of Repair, and shall not fee kept up and regularly maintained and attended to by such Contractor or Contractors, his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Asigns, according to the Term of such, Propofol and Contrad as aforesaid ; or in case the Navigation of the River, over which such Bridge, if the fame shall have any Portcullis or Lifting Part shah be eveCted, shall be obstructed or injured in confeque nee of such Bridge being out of Repair as aforesaid ; and if Judgment shall be given again ft any Defendant or Defendants in any Suit, or upon any Indi&-ment to be commenced or preferred in pursuance of this ACi, then the Property of such Bridge or Bridges, whether Portcullis or Lifting Bridges, or otherwise, and all the Paffages and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and all Benefit of the fame, shall immediately thereupon veil in such Treasurer for the time being, and his 8uc-ceflors, for the Ufe of the Public, and shall thence forward become and be considered a Public Bridge, and the King’s Public and Common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in proper Order as a Public Bridge and Common Highway ; and all Tolls imposed for the palling such Bridge, under or by virtue of the said recited Ad, shall forthwith cease and be no longer paid and payable.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, being thereto acquired by any Two Inhabitants of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, who shall have served as Grand Jurymen at the Affizes immediately preceding, shall refuse or neglect to proceed against such Contrador or Contractors, according to the Provifions o? this Ad, such Treasurer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by A&ion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dubim, by any Person who shall Cue for the fame.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Bridge or Bridges, having any Portcullis or Lifting Part, shall be erected under the Provifions of the said Ad and this Ad, over any River, no Ship or Veffel pafling through the opening of such Bridge (where such Portcullis or Lifting Part shall be) shall be subject or liable to pay any Tax or Toll for such PafTage j and that it (nail be a Condition and Part of the Centred to be entered into as aforesaid, by the Person or Persons proposing to build such Bridge, that such Contrador or Contractors, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiilrators or Afsigns, ftuk, at all Times and Seafons, at his and their own Cofts, provide and procure the constant Attendance of Two or more proper Pfcrfoas, as the Conftrudion of such Bridge shall require, fufScient far and fbr the Purpofe of working the Portcullis or Lifting Parts of such Bridge, so as that all Ships and Veflfels may freely pass and re-» pads through the opening of such Bridge, where such Portcullis or Lifting Part shall be, without paying any Toll, and without any Ex pence or Hindrance whatever.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to proceed at Law against the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Bridge or Bridges whatsoever, to obtain Compenfation for any Damage incurred by the Negled of such Proprietor or Proprietors; any thing ia the said recited Ad 0(4his Ad ootwithftanding.

■ VI. And

Treasurer ne-

gle&ing 16pro*-’ fecute Contractors for Negle&, &c.

Penalty.

No Ship (hell pay any Toll far palling through the opening of -Portcullis Bridges.

Persons injured may pr oceed at Law for Damages;

3*4

19 * *o G. 3. (I) c.41.11*.

Grand furies empowered to redeem Tottaal anytime on firing Twelve Months Notice and paying for the Ume as under recited Ad.

hoviA

Two Grand

Jurymen or

more appointed

to examine Ac*

counts of «-•» w aiges.

Powers of re-citedAA extended to Ad.

c.77.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.181;.

4 VI. And whereas by the (aid recited Ad Grand Junes are not 4 empowered to redeem the Tolls on any Bridge or Bridget until 4 after the Expiration of Forty one Years from the completing and 4 opening any such Bridge or Bridges, and it is expedient that fud& 4 Redemption should he allowed in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall and may he lawful for any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town, to redeem any Tolls on any Bridge or Bridges which have been or shall be erected under the Provifions of the (aid recited Ad or this Ad, at any time whatever after the completing and opening of any such Bridge in case such Grand Jury shall fee fit so to do; any thing in the said recked Ad to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Redemption shall be made only ou the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and in such manner as by the said recited Ad is provided * Provided also, that the Treasurer for the time being of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Bridge shall be situate, shall have given Twelve Calendar Mon ths'previous Notice in Writing of the Intention of such Grand Jury to redeem such Toll; which Notice shall he signed by such Treasurer, by the Order of such Grand Jury, and shall be delivered to the Contrador or Compradors for the Building of such Bridge, his or their Executors, Admin iftrators or Afiigne, or to one or more of the Person or Perfona who shall be employed in the Management and Colledion of the Tolls ou such Bridge: Provided also, that every such Grand Jury of every such County, County of a City or County of a Town, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise the Sum necessary to redeem such Tolls, in such manner as in and by the (aid recited Ad is directed and provided.

Vl I. And he it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, acting or proceeding in the Execution of the (aid recited Ad or this Ad, to appoint Two or more of their Number at each ipd every Afsizes, to enquire and examine into the State of the Receipt and Expenditure of any and every such Bridge; and the (aid Perfont so appointed are hereby authorized to make such Enquiry and Examination, and from time to time to report to the Grand Jury at the several Afsizes, after their Appointment, the Refult of such their Enquire and Examination.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the bid recited Ad shall (land and remain in full Force and Effed, bve only so Bur as the fame is hereby altered or amended; and that this Ad and the bid recited Ad shall be considered as one Ad, and he construed together as one Ad, so far as the bine are not contradidory or repugnant to each other; and that all Powers and Pxovifiont m the bia recited Ad contained, shall he applied and put in Force in the Execution of this Ad, ae fully and efredually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the bme were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad*

CAP.

A,D.i8i3

C.7«»7P-

53* GEO. III.

CAP. LXXVUI.

An Aft to continue fof Two Tears, and from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, Two Afts made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Tears of His present Ma-jefty’s Reign, for the preventing improper Persons from Having Arms in Ireland*	[id July 1813.]

• T17 HE REAS the Afts hereinafter mentioned are near expiring,

< VV and it is expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Aft made in the Forty seventh 47 G.j.fdT.n. Tear of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to prevent im- c,-*4-proper Perfnns from having Arms in Ireland, as the laid Aft is continued and amended by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Tear of His 50 G. 3. c. 109. present Majefty’s Reign, and also the laid Aft of the Fiftieth Year further co*s for continuing and amending the laid recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year, shall be and the laid Afts are hereby further continued, and shall be in force for Two Years from and after the palling of this Aft, and from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament;

CAP- LXX1X.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the feud Militia during Peace.	[ad	July	1813.]

‘ TITHE REAS it is necessary that Provifion should be made for

*	VV defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the

*	Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for

*	One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and thirteen Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for every Treasury to UTtis County, County of a City or Town m Ireland, where the Militia is Four Month* or shall be raised, the Lords Commiflioners of His Maiefty's Treasury m.a^anc® in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, ^^cre U° ^ the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the several Ufet Maitia raised. hereinafter mentioned 5 that is to fay, for the Pay of the said Militia,

at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, Paymafter

and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, Paymafter or Surgeon

is appointed ; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each

Quarter Mafter where a Quarter Mafter is appointed; and at the

Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each Seijeant Rats* of Pay.

refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps,

with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence per Week

for each Seijeant Major and Quarter Mafter Serjeant, where a

Seijeant Major and Quarter Mafter Seijeant are appointed; and Allowance* for

at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident Contingency

at aforesaid, with the Addition of Sis pence per Day for each Drum

Major,

J

316	C.79.

53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; rind at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer lo resident as aforefud; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid, and also at the Rate of Four pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; One Penoy whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hofpital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion during the time of the Men being from Clothing. Home upon account of their Annual Exercife 5 and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings for each Seijeant, and Two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major ; and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Coiyoral, when such Serjeants, Drummers, Seijeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; ana with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings for each Private Militia Man, when such Private MiKtia Men have not been clothed within Four when* on Fur-	Years: Provided always, that where any Seijeant, Corporal or

lough.°n ^	Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant,

Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Abfence, receive the Rates of ray following; that is to fay, every Seijeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Lora Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Play shall be from time to time ifTued by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

On Certificate of II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Colonel, pifeharee of Ser- or jn bis Abfence from the Kingdom, the Commanding Officer of any jeant.&c.noPay Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall certify in Writing to the ue or im. paymaster of the fame, that he hath discharged any Seijeant, Cor* poral or Drummer, in such case no Pay shall be ifTued for such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

Sums herein fpsqified.

Colonel to cer- III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or tify to Treasury Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held Days of Exercife, for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall have 5tC-ho shall pay the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or Command-«r«c »»,„ jng Officer shall as soon as may be certify the fame to the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty's Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercife, not exceeding in the Whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland are hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay out of the Confoli-dated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Tert Shillings ter Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Licutenaut, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence ter Day for each Affiftant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men (halt

be

A.D.1813.

53** GEO. HI.

C. 79\	3±f

be ablent from Home on account of their Attendance at sech Place of Annual Exercife.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the laid Militia as	^a£» ^'

afore (aid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Surgeons of the said !• “* Qnrew! Militia, shall be issued and paid by the Lords Commissioners of His ^ Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland, under the Dire&ionof the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to i(Tue such Regulations a* he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time k that

V.	Provided always and be it enacted, That where any Regiment Whilt Militia is or Battalion of Militia is or shall be embodied or called out into actual embodied Pay Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or (ha)l and<^jowanct be entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and private Men in His to Maiefty's other Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforesaid (kaU, during,

such time of actual Service, and until such Regiment or Battalion shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not be paid.

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Fee oc Gratuity No Fee for whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon Account of any Warrant Warrant, or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in purfua^ce

of this A&.

VII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Person* on Half Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as hating served in any P«*y» or entitled or either of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse 5° Alliance as reduced, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby t^Horf™6 ^ empowered, to receive and take the Subflftence Money by this A& Guards, *c,ferv-diredfed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants or Enligns; and the ing in Militia, receiving and taking such Subfiftence Money by any such Captain, may receive fame Lieutenant or Ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking Pay, on lakinS oath; so as in airy manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being

entitled to any fkch Allowance, from receiving bis Half Pays or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Juft ice of the Peace who is hereby empowered to adminiftef the feme:

‘ T A.B. do swear, That I bad not between the	Form of Oath,

*	and the	any Place or Employment of Profit,

*	Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of	1

‘ Half Pay as reduced	in

€ Regiment of	or A llowance as

*	in	late	Troop of Horse Guards or

*	Regiment	of Horse reduced, save and except

' Subfiftence as an Officer, for serving in the Militia in the County

And taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to iteeive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners Treasury on re-of His Majesty** Treasury in Ireland, as soon as they shall receive a cclvinS Warrant Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the rt(pe6trve Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying of c”othingr&c. the Receipt of the Clothing, which Certificate shall specify the to issue Money

1	’	J	’	MnmVt»r	far Pivmmt

Behalf.

‘ So help me GOD/

3'*S

Szptoceof Ho«fe for deporting Anns and Stores of Militia defrayed by County.

Adjutants, Sec. after oo Years Service, xo of which as Adjutant* of Militia, entitled to re. ceive a certain Allowance.

C. 79*	53*GEO.IIL	AJD.1813.

Number of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men, for whom the fame shall have been fuppiied, and an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on Account thereof, payable to the Person or Persons who furniihed the said Clothing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person entitled to receive the fame, provided the said Clothing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty's Treasury in Ireland for such Payment.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Hire or Coft of any House or Place in which the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or other Stores belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland shall be kept when not embodied, shall be defrayed by the County, and the nece(Tary Sum for that Purpofe (hail be raised by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Preferment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and re-quired to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and specifying the Coft incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the fame; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for Tuch County, at any time prior to the First Day of the Affizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin^ then prior to the First Day of the presenting Term : Provided that in no case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irijb Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irtfh Currency shall be required for building such House : Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such Honfe, in the fame manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Ground for building County Gaols.

* X. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants and 4 Surgeons in the Militia may, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered

*	incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some 4 Provifion should be made for them in Confideration of their former

•	Services ;* Be it ena£ted, That if any Adjutant or Surgeon of the said Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, Ten of which he shall have served as an Adjutant or Surgeon of Militia, shall have been by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, he shall on producing to the Lords Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which he belongs, be entitled to receive, and the (aid Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as afore* said an Allowance at the Rate ot Six Shillings per Diem : Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Ten Years in the Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty.

16	«	XI.	And

1*9

AD.iSij.	53*GEO.	IIL	C.	79.

* XI« And whereas it is expedient to make some Addition to the

*	Pay of certain Subaltern Officers and to Affiftant Surgeons of the ‘ Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations;9 Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the difembody-ing of the Militia Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to such Subaltern Officers and Aififtant Surgeons to the Amount, under the Reftridions, and in the manner hereinafter exprefied; that is to fay, to every Subaltern of the hud Militia, who mall have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of an Ad of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An AB for defraying until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred ana thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowance* in certain Cafe* to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace, been appointed to a Commiffion in the said Militia, or who, previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of this Ad, (h*ll be appointed to a Commission, and who shall nave continued faithfully to serve in the fame Corps until the difembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum shall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, and over and above any Deduction of any Kind, or for any Purpofe whatsoever; and to every Aififtant Surgeon a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annum, in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall at any time hereafter become poftefied of such an Eftate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain’s Commiffion in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or shall be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paymaller in any Regiment or Battalion of the laid Militia, nor any Perlon deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern or Affiftant Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatsoever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern’s Commiffion in the said Militia, shall have or be in any wife entitled to the said annual Allowance or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary.thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, wno shall claim under the Authority of this Ad to receive any such annual Allowance, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle himself thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland^ to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall belong, in the Words or to the Effed following; videlicet,

€ J A. B. do swear. That I am serving as a Subaltern Officer [or, 4 Affiftant Suigeon, a* the case map &,] in the

*	Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland ; and that I am not

*	in my own Right or m Right of my Wife, nor have been fince

*	the difembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, in the adoal

*	Poffeffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

*	Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual Value above

1 Reprizes,

Annual Allowance to Subaltern Officers after di£ embodying of Militia.

$% 0.5.

Exception*

Subalterns claiming Allowances to tabs Oath:

Fora of Oath

^	hi*

*	Reptiles, as WOttfei qualify tfi* to hold * CaptflitP* Coflirail&Min

*	the Mt4itia of * County At large iu Ireland ,• and that I am net,

*	nor hate been iince the difembodying of the said Regiment or Bat-

*	talion, an Adjutant or Paymafter in any Regiment or Battalion of

*	the Militia of Ireland t and that I do not hold of enjoy, nor have

*	held or enjoyed, nor does nor hat any Pertort for ate boUl or enjoy

*	or held of enjoyed, since the difembodying the said Regiment or «* Battalion, any Office or Income whatfoeter from the Public; c and that 1 am not entitled either to the Full or Half Fay of the

*	Navy, Army or Marines, nor have been since the difembodying

*	of the said Regiment or Battalion.	So	help	me GOD/

tWnf-

to

of

I by

Col-

Excife.

Ah-

'on for in-Ctrti-

Whtch Oath, so taken and subscribed, fhafl be by the said Juftice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and traufmit the fame to the Cofle&or of Excite at the Diftrift in which rhe County, County of a City or County of a Town shall be situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

XIV And be h further enabled, That evety Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon of the said Militia who (nail be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this A6t, shall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shall during that time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon of such Regiment or Battalion, on Pain of forfeiting the (aid annual Allowance, as well as the Reft of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend ; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed bis Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Re-giment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Colle&orof Excife of the Diftrid in which the County, County of a City or County of a Town is situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon 19 then serving shall belong, to be by the said Colle&or received previous to any such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall be by his Commanding Officer permitted or suffered for any special Caufe or unavoidable Ncceffity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercife (in which case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Abfence ; and for such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, m like manner as if he h*d attended during the Whole of the annual Exercife), the Reafons tot Ibch Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefoHy and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as soon as conveniently' may be to the CoUe&or of Excife for the DiflriA ttr which such County, County of a City or County of a-Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, and to the Chief iz	Secretary

321

A.D.1813.

J3° GEO* III*	C	79.

Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Mflhimot any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the (fifembody-

ing thereof, at any time shall not be called out for the annual SuKalten!* 1UU Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant •ntitltd to Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming Allowance, within the Delcriptions of this Aft, who shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the laid annual Allowance, as it such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, had been transmitted to the Collector of Excife for the Diftrift in which such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, according to the Dire&ions of this Act; any thing contained in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificate as Allowance* paid

aforesaid of such Juftice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as	De"

aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion shall not have been du ** called out to their annual Exercife as aforesaid. upon Certificate of

any such Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the refptftive Colleftors, it shall and may be lawful for such Colleftors, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduftion whatsoever, Out of any public Monies in their Hands; all which Monies so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Subaltern Officers Suhjltern* not and Affiftant Surgeons of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to attending whtn be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, shall at all times be liable c*“ ^ upoiu to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they

whenever the fame shall be embodied or called out upon

Service ; and in case of Negleft or Refufal to attend when called upon, or in case any Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall a Second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform bis Duty Penilty. at the annual Exercile as before dirested, each and every such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commiffion and Commiffions to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

AVI 11. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowance paid Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, by the Colleftors, upon the Produftion of the before mentioned several Certificates as soon after the times of the annual Exercife and Training as may be convenient or practicable : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend of be construed to

5J Gao* III.

Y

extend.

r.ot paid while Militia embodied.

Allowances to extend only to a certain Number.

Senior Lieutenant to have Preference, and Junior to fuc-ceed on Vacancies.

R ecovery of Penalties, &c.

A& altered or repealed.

Continuance.

extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such annual Exercife as before mentioned, over and above the said annual Allowance : Provided also, that nothing in this Ad shall extend or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service : Provided also, that this Ad* and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained shall extend* and be construed to extend* to the Affiftant Surgeon of each and every Regiment or Battalion respectively, and also to the respective Numbers of Subaltern Officers in each and every Regiment and Battalion hereinafter respectively specified and no more ; that is to fay, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment consisting of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers, in any Regiment consisting of only Nine Companies ; not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment consisting of only Eight Companies ; not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion consisting of only Seven Companies; and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confiftiirg of only Six Companies.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia* at the time of difembodying thereof* there shall happen to be a greater Number of Subaltern Officers coming within the Description of this Ad than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof* within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Provifo* the Senior Officers of such Number shall always be preferred* and be alone entitled to demand and receive the before mentioned Allowances* and that the Junior Officers shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Officers from time to time.

XX.	And be it further enaded* That all Penalties and Cofts, and Charges of Suit* and all Sums of Money to or for which any Perfoo or Persons is or are or may be made answerable or liable, under or by virtue of this Ad* shall be paid in Irijh Currency* and shall be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, by Adion of Debt* Bill* Plaint or Information* wherein no Efloio* Wager of Law* Privilege or Protedion* nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI.	And be it further enaded* That this Ad may be altered* amended or repealed* by any Ad or Ads to be made in this'prcfent Session of Parliament.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* and no longer.

CAP. LXXX.

An Ad for raising the Sum of Three handred and thirty thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

[ad July 1813.]

u IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear “ Intereft. § Bills ifiued not to exceed i^OjOOO Irijh Currency.

3*3

A.D.1813.	53°GEO. III.	C.80,81.

** Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue " in Ireland, after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Intereft shall cease. § 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irijb M Confolidated Fund, f 4. Bills to be chargeable thereon. § 5. Bank €t of Ireland may advance the Sum of ^330,000 on Credit of « Aft. f 6.

CAP. LXXXL

An Aft to amend several Afts relating to the Militia, and to enlisting of the Militia into His Majefty’s Regular Forces.

[2d July 1813.]

*	TTFHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to the Relief of Wives 4 VV and Families of Men serving in the Militia, where such 4 Wives have accompanied or been with their Hufbands with the 4 Regiment, or left their Children or Home; and it is expedient that

*	fuch Doubts should be removed: And whereas it is alto expedient

*	that certain of the Provifions of the Afts relating to the Militia fhould

*	be amended:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That no Wife or Family of any Wife of Militia-Perfon serving in the Militia, and entitled by reason thereof to nan following Relief, shall be deemed or construed to have forfeited or to forfeit Re«jm€"J»or such Claim to Relief, by reason of such Wife having followed or o^Retum enti-accompanied or been • with her Hu (band with the Regiment in tied to Relief, which her Hufband shall serve, or by reason of any such Wife leaving her Child or Children, or departing from her Home; but any wife and Family of any Militiaman entitled as such to Relief, shall, upon her Return to her Home, be entitled, from the time of her Return, to claim and have such Relief for herself and Family as is directed by the Laws in force for the Relief of Families of Militiamen, not with (landing any such following or accompanying of, or having been with her Hufband, or leaving her Child or Children, or departing from her Home; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament passed in the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Militia of Great Britain to the contrary notwithstanding. -

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Allowance to be made to Allowance to

a Surgeon employed in the Examination of balloted Men and Sub- Surgeon* attend, ftitutes, under the Proviftbns of an Aft passed in the Forty second RiotedmTd^&c. Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for amending the Law jncreafed. * relating to the Militia in England, andfor augmenting the Militia, or 4a o. 3. c.90. of another Aft passed in tne fame Year, intituled An A3 to raise i J*. and ejlahlijh a Militia Force in Scotland, shall be One Guinea for 4*0.3. thievery Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, instead of Ten *

Shillings; any thing in the (aid recited Afts to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and such increased Allowances shall be paid in like manner as the former Allowance of Ten Shillings per Day was directed to be paid.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Secratiryit Secretary at War for the time being, to require and take from all

Persons who shall be appointed to the Situation of Clerks of Sub- yifioift to gWe *" dtrifon Meetings after the passing of this Aft, Security by Bond, in Sesurky.

* .>	Y	2	fuch

3*4

Ptoakf.

Volunteer* in what case not liable to serve in Militia,

44&3.C.54*

although ballot-

ted while Vo-hinteefi

Additional Serjeants, C01 poralc end Drummers.

Hew Supernumeraries railed.

ji G. j. c.aob

MSBria Officers mar take Men at Head Quarter or any ad-jnin'mg County.

Where am than One Rep-

C.8la

53° GEO. IU,

A.D.1813.

such Sum as to him shall seem reaionable, with Two sufficient Sureties for the due Execution of the Trufts reposed iu them, and for the duly Paying and accounting for, according to Law, all Sums of Money which ihalf come to their Hands as Clerks of Subdivifion Meetings; and no Appointment of any Person after the passing of this Ad shall be good or valid till such Security shall be given 5 and every Person so appointed as aforesaid, and acting as a Clerk of Subdivifion Meeting, without having first given such Security as aforesaid, shall forfeits for any time he shall so ad, before having given such Security, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with the Amount of all Money which shall have been paid to him as such Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings as aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Corps of Volunteers whose Services shall have been or may be difeontinued by any Order of His Majessy, shall be compelled or liable to serve in the Militia by reason of his having been balloted during the Period of his having been an effedive Volunteer; any thing contained in an Ad passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty. intituled An AS to confolidatt and amend the Provifions of the feveraJ ASs relating to Corf 1 of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto^ to the contrary notwithftand-ing: Provided always, that such Exemption shall not extend to any Volunteers discharged for Mifconduct, or quitting any Corps before the Services thereof shall have been difeontinued by Order of His Majesty.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, with the Approbation of His Majessy, to appoint additional Non Commif-fioned Officers and prummers to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the Proportion of One additional Seneant, and One additional Corporal, and One additional Drummer, for every Fifty Supernumeraries His Majesty may order to be raised for such Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to allow and order the railing by Beat of Drum for the Mintia of each County, over and above the Quotas to which the Militia is to be reduced under an Ad passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to allow* certain Proportion Of the Militia of Great Britain to enli/l annually into the Regular Forces ; and to provide for the gradual ReduSion of the /aid

such Number of Supernumeraries as His Majesty shall order and Aired, not exceeding One Half of the Amount of the Quotas above mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Colonels or Commanding Officers of Regiments of Militia, and the Commiffioned and Non Commiffioned Officers thereof, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to raise Men for the Militia by Beat of Drum at the Head Quarters of their refpedivei Regiments, or within Ten Miles thereof, although such .Head Quarters or Circle of Ten Miles may not be within the County to which the Militia shall belong, or any aokmiing County; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

' VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Proportion of Men allowed to enlist into His Majesty*s Regular Forces from.the Militia

of

^

AJD. i 8Y3.	53° GEO. III. C. 8 r, 8a.	yi$

of any County, Riding, Divifion or Stewartry, having more than One ment,Proportkm Regunent, shall be One Seventh of the actual Eftabliftiment of each ofeach R^S»> Regiment at the time of such enlisting, and not in Proportion to the	*•

Number of Men actually serving ; any thing in any A6t or Ads of e ParKameot relating to enlisting from the Militia to the contrary not* withflanding.

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Number 1“ whitcife, any of Men actually serving in any Regiment on the Twenty fourth Day »h°veE<taMi(h-of January in each Year shall, after ^eduding the annual Quota	Mowed tm

allowed to enlist therefrom into His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, exceed the Number allowed upon the Eftablifhmcnt of (uch Regiment, such Excefs shall be allowed to volunteer and enlist into His Majefty's Regular Foroes, in addition to and over and above such annual Quota a* afore said ; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwith-Handing.

* X. And whereas no Provifion is made by the said Ad for the 4 Recovery of Sums paid by Treafurers of Counties, which ought to • be repaid by Treafurers of other Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns 4 and Places ;* Be it further enacted, That in every case where an ^ocoftrj of Account of Sums paid by the Treasurer of any County, City, r^™*^** ^ Borough, Riding, Division, Town or Place, on account of Militia- xretfiimt. men serving for any other County, City, Borough, Riding, Division, Town or Place, shall have been transmitted to such respective Treasurer duly certified as required by the said Ad, and no legal Obiedion shall have been made to such Account within the Period of Three Months from the Receipt thereof, the fame shall be con-fidered as correct and conelusive, and the Treasurer to whom such Account shall have been so transmitted shall be liable and is hereby directed to pay the full Amount thereof to the Treasurer from whom he shall have received fucli Account; and in case of Negled of Payment by such Treasurer for the Space of Two Months from the Expiration of such first mentioned Period of Three Months, that such Treasurer so neglecting shall be liable to the Penalty of Penalty.

Fifty Pounds.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Fifty second Year of Hi* present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to explain the Exemption from Toll in several A3s of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Hujbandry ; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfesf in certain other cases therein Jpecified; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[ad July 1813.]

4 YX7HEREAS by a Claufe in an Ad of Parliament, made in 4 W the Thirteenth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, 13G.31 c.84* 4 intituled An AS to explain$ amend and reduce into One AS of Par•

4 foment, the general Law now in being for regulating the Turnpike 4 Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other 4 Purposes, it is enacted, that the Regulations of Weight therein- § 6.

4 before mentioned should not be deemed or construed to extend to ( any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, employed only iu Huibandry 4 or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Com

Y 3	*	unthndhed;

3»<S

St G. 3. e. t*S'

S6.	•

SI O.3. C. 145* *6.

repealed.

Toll not demanded for Carriage, or Cattle, on account of empty Balketf, fcc.

$% Ob y «•Hi* »*•

C.82.	53°GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

' unthrashed: And whereas by a Claufe in an A& of Parliament,

9 made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’$ Reign, in- . 1 tituled An Ad to explain the Exemption from Toll in fevered Ads of 9 Parliament, for Carriages employed in Iivfbandry ; andfor regulating 1 the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfes, in certain 9 other cases therein specified, it is ena£ted, that the Regulations of

*	Weight in the before mentioned A A of the Thirteenth Year of the 9 Reign of His present Majesty, shall not be deemed or con ft rued to 9 extend to any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Manure 9 for Land, palling through any Turnpike Gate, so as to subject the 9 Owner or Driver thereof to the Payment of Toll iu respect of 9 Overweight, by reason of any empty Bafket or Balkets, empty Sack

*	or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork,

< necefiary for loading and unloading such Manure, being in and 9 upon any such Waggon, Cart or Carriage, in addition to fuck 9 Manure, if the Loading thereof is substantially Manure for Land as 9 aforesaid; provided that the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriages,

*	Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, are of the Breadth or Gauge of

*	Six Inches or more, and that such Waggon, together with the • 9 Loading thereof, shall not exceed Three Tons in the Summer, and

9 Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in the Winter; and to every Cart,

9 having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches,

9 Two Tons in Winter, and Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in 4 Summer: And whereas the said Provifo in the said last mentioned

*	Claufe in the said A6t of the Fifty second Year of His Majefty’*

4 Reign is by Experience found to be inconvenient, and to operate 4 to the Dilcouragement of HufbandryMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said last mentioned Claufe as relates to the Breadth of the Fellies of the Wheels of such Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, and the Weight of such Waggons and Carts, together with the respective Loading thereof, shall be and from henceforth shall stand absolutely repealed, and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafBng of this A6I, the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Manure for Land, palling through any T urn pike Gate, or otherwise palling on or across any Turnpike Road, shall not be liable to pay any Toll, nor shall any Toll be demanded for such Carriage so laden, or the Cattle drawing the fame, by reason only of any empty Bafket or Balkets, empty Sack or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork, necefiary for loading or unloading such Manure, being in or upon any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in addition to such Manure, if the Loading thereof is substantially Manure for Land a9 aforesaid; any thing in any A€t contained to the contrary thereof notwithHanding.

• III. And whereas by another Claufe in the said A& of the 4 Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the Exemption

*	from Toll in respect of Cattle or Carnages going empty or re-4 turning empty, having been laden with any Dung, Mould, Soil,

4 Marie, Lime or Compost, of any Nature or Kind soever, for ' manuring or improving Land, or Hay, Straw, or any Fodder for

15	4	Caul*,

3*7

A.D.i8ij.	53*GEO.	III.	0.82,83.

i

4 Cattle, is reftriAed to such Cattle or Carriages going empty or 4 returning so laden ou the fame Day : And whereas by several par-4 ticular or local A As for making or repairing Turnpike Roads, the

*	Exemption from Toll for and in refpeA of Cattle and Carriages

*	going empty and returning so laden, nas been granted without such 4 ReftriAion Be it therefore enaAed, That so much of the said Exempting from Clanfe as limits the Exemption from Toll granted by such several Tollon Manure, particular or local AAs to Cattle or Carriages returning the fame

Day, be repealed ; and that all the Provifions of such several particular or local AAs for making or repairing Turnpike Roads, which grant the said Exemptions without such ReftriAions as aforesaid, shall Rand and be in full Force ; any thing in the said AA of the Fifty second Year of His present Majefly’s Reign to the contrary notwith-fbmding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaAed, That nothing in this A A Scotland, or the said A A of the Fifty second Year of His Majelly’s Reign,

shall extend to Scotland, or to any Turnpike Road out of England.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That this AA shall be deemed and Public Aft. taken to be a Public A A, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An AA to increase the Allowance to Innkeepers for Diet furnished to Soldiers on a March.	[2d	July 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS by an AA paiTed in the present Session of Par- 53 G.3. c.43.

‘ VV liament, intituled An ASfor increqfing the Rates of Subjtftence

*	to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soidlers, all Non

4 Commiflioned Officers and Soldiers while on their March, from 5z* 5*

4 and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight 4 hundred and thirteen, are entitled to receive their Diet and Small 4 Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may 4 be billeted within the Purts of the United Kingdom mentioned 4 in the said AA, at the Rate of Ten pence per Diem; And 4 whereas it is expedient that the said Allowance mould be further

*	increafedMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaAed 5 and be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty Infteadoficd.

fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, i*-ad. allowed .

in Head of the Sum of Ten pence the Sum of One Shilling and	l0M

Two pence shall be allowed to such Innholders and other Persons 11

for Diet furnished to Non Commiflioned Officers and Soldiers ou

their March, for the Periods and according to the Provifions

prescribed in the laid recited A A ; and for such Allowance of

One Shilling and Two pence such Innholder or other Person (hall

furnifh One Meal according to the Provifions of the said recited

AA ; any thing contained in the said recited AA to the contrary .

notwithstanding.

Y 4	C	A	Pi

49 G 3- *•&*•

43 G.3. c. 69.

Duties and Drawbacks on Wine imported from Cape to cease,and those in Schedules A. and B. paid and allowed.

Wine* warehoused under the Regulations re-icsihed by)

43 G. 3.C. 13a. and

45G.3.C.87.

V

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Aft for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1813.3

*	TX7HEREAS it ia expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks of

*	V V Cu(lom8 and Excife respectively payable on the Importation 4 into and Exportation from Great Britain of Wine the Produce of 4 His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and of the

*	Territories and Dependencies thereof, should be repealed, and 4 that other Duties and Drawbacks should be imposed and allowed 4 in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Ex-4 cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife respectively payable by Law upon Wine the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope% and of the Territories and Dependencies thereof, imported into Great Britain, do cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which (hail have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and that, from and after the said Day, in lieu and in (lead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, the several Duties of Cuftoms and Excife respectively on Wine the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories and Dependencies thereof, imported into Great Britam, as the fame are respectively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.J and (B.) respectively; and that there shall be paid or allowed on tne Exportation of such Wine the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Cuftoms and Excife respectively, as the fame are also respectively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Tables: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of such Wine to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof, in case such Importers, Proprietors or Confignees shall lodge and secure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and tne Mereliant, ia Warehoufes in the Port of London under the Regulations of an Aft passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain to be f cured in IVarehoufes without Payment of Duty, or in Warehoufes at the Out Ports under the Regulations of an Aft passed in the Forty fifth of Year the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to authorize the Lord* Commffioners of His Msfefiy*s Treasury to permit certain Articles to be wareboufed in different Ports of Great Britain upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned.

16	II. And

*A.D.i8i3-	53#GBO. IH	C.84.	3*9

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and no others Duties charged

shall be charged and payable on any of the laid Wine, which, haying °« Wine taken been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority 6f any	'Y*re~

A A of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of	*****

any such Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame shall have been lodged ^

or secured, for the Purpofe of being used or contained in Great Sri-tain after the said Fifth Day of July, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said Fifth Day of July.

III.	And b^it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as Duties under shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under CommiflSoner* the Management of the Commiilioners of the Cuftoms and Excife ofCuftomiind respectively in England for the time being 5 and such thereof as shall Excife*

arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Excife refpec-tively in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be ma- Duties bow naged, ascertained, raised, levied, colieded, paid and recovered in such levied, ana the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms and Excife refpedively

of a like nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, colieded, paid and recovered, and the said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regular tions, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife refpec-tively, and for the Payment and Allowance of the Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife respectively in Great Britain ; and all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed again ft or in Breach of any A St or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excite respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof respectively, or for the Prevention of Frauds relating to the said Drawbacks respectively 5 and the several Clauses,

Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effed as to the said Duties and Drawbacks respectively, as fully and effectually to all Iutents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Ad im- Rate afters

Eofed shall apply and shall be deemed and taken to apply after the greater or left une Rate and in the fame Proportion to any greater of Ids Quantity Quantity than a than a Tun of such Wine.	Tun-

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time AppKeetion ti arising from the said Duties, the necefiary Charges of railing and Momy. accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to rime be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlmindtr% and shall be appropriated and applied in due Proportions in the tame manner as the jDuties by this Ad repealed were by the several Ads of Parliament in that behalf in force immediately before the passing of this Ad were directed to be appropriated and applied*

VII.	be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, Aftasand,*; amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in thisprefent Session of Parliament.

TABLES

v^ooqIc

53 GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

t 330	C.84.

!	TABLES to which this Aft refers.

j	Table (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation of Wine, the Produce of His Majefty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, into Great Britain.

	Duty.	Drawback.

Wine, the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof,  —— imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252	£ 1.	£ s. d.

Gallons -  	 not imported in a Britilh-built  Ship, the Tun containing 252	14 7 0	

Gallons ....  — exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the	00  00  Wo	

Tun containing 252 Gallons —— exported to any other Place,	- - •	13 6 0

the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	- - -	12 5 0

Table (B.)

A TABLE of Duties and Drawbacks of Excife.

	Duty.	Drawback.

Wine, the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	£ j. d.	£ /. d.

	17 10 O	16 $ O

CAP.

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.8s#	331'

CAP. LXXXV.

An Aft for amending Two Afts passed in the Thirty first and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attending such Payments.

[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Aft passed in the Thirty first Year of 31G.31. c.io. the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An AS for the < Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for < efiabB/hing a regular Method for the punBual% frequent and certain 4 Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily 4 to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families, and * f09 Printing Frauds and Abufes attending such Payments ; the §

* Sum of Six pence per Diem was thereby directed to be allowed 4 and paid to British Governors, Minifters, Confuls and Merchants 4 refidmg in Foreign Parts, for the Subfiftence of all Seafaring Men 4 and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain% that ftiould be (hipwreeked,

< captured, or by other unavoidable Accidents be driven or cast < away, or that should be discharged unserviceable from any Ships or « Vetfels of the Royal Navy, and the like Sum of Six pence per • Diem was directed to be paid and allowed to every Mailer or « Person having Charge of a Ship or Veffel taking on board such * Seafaring Men and Soys in the manner in the said Ad mentioned :

* And whereas by an Ad passed in the Thirty second Year of the 3a G.3. c.33.

4 Reign f His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the * said Ad, and for further extending the Benefits thereof to retty ‘ Officers and Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and « Marines, serving or who may have served on board any of His • Majefty’s Ships, the Sum of Nine pence per Diem was thereby § 8.

* directed to be allowed and paid instead of the aforesaid Sum of Six * pence, in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations and 4 Reftriftions as were directed by the said first mentioned Ad,

4 respecting the Sum of Six pence per Diem thereby allowed : And 4 whereas Inconvenience hath arisen to His Majefty’s Service from 4 the present Inadequacy of the (aid Allowance of Nine pence per 4 Diem for the Maintenance of Mariners in Diftrefs in Foreign Parts,

4 or for their Subfiftence on board Merchant Ships or Veffels in

‘.which they may be sent Home, in pursuance of the said Ads

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this instead of Som

Ad, there shall be allowed and paid to the said Governors, Minifters, paid under re-

Confuls and Merchants for the Maintenance of all such Seafaring cited Afts for

Men and Boys, Subjeds of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

and Ireland, as shall be (hipwreeked, captured or by other unavoidable ft^pw^edced^&c.

Accidents be driven or cast away, or as shall be dilcharged unfervice- {uch Sum per

able

X

5s i-4*

C85,86.

5 3” GEO. UI.

A.D.ISI3.

^0.3. <. U7.

aMe finom any of His Majcfty's Ships or Vefleis, and to every Mailer or other Person having Charge of a Ship or Veflel taking 00 board and fubfitting such Seafaring Men and Boys in manner in the (aid first mentioned Aft expressed, such Sum ot Money per Diem as the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Com* miffionets for executing the (aid Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, shall from time to time in their EH fc ret ion authorize or direct to be paid to them the (aid Governors, Mini tier*, Coofais, Merchants, Mailers or other Persons respectively, the like Sum per Diem only being deducted for such time and for so many Persons as such Mailer or other Person as aforesaid shall want of the Complement of his Ship or Veffel during the Voyage,

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Aft to explain an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of BRsf present Majesty, for directing Accounts of Tncrefcfe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, to be annually laid before Parliament •, and to regulate attd controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Penfions and Allowances.	[[2d	July	1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A& to dirtQ that Account* of Incrcafe and Diminution of Pubhc Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries f Penfions and Allowances : And whereas it had been usual heretofore for His Majesty, by his Order in Couneil, to grant, under certain Circumstances, Compenfations and Penfions to Persons in the Naval Departments, which Compenfationi and Penfions Were placed on tne Ordinary Eftimate of the Navy, and therein brought under the annual Controul and Revifion of Parliament: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said Aft does not interfere with and prevent the Exerrife of the (aid Power of Hit Majesty in Couneil, except in certain Cafes and under certain Conditions, in the said Aft particularly specified s* To obviate these Doubts, be it enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembied, and by the Authority Redtsd Ad not of the lame, That nothing in the laid Aft contained (half extend or •JLFJT*01 be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty in Council from granting such Compeftfation or Penfions, and to such Amount as CumpnMou;* His Majesty in Council may think proper, to any such Person or 9 Persons, in the fame maimer, and according to the lame Rides, Ulage or Praftice, as His Majesty in Council might lawfully hare done before the palling of the laid Aft.

■lamisn Ordl. II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That every such aery liha*» of Compenfation or Pcnfion shall be placed as on the Ordinary Eftimate Miry.	of the Navy, and IhaH be annually bid before Parliament, according

to tbs' Provifious of the frid Aft*

(JAP.

^.ooQie

AJD.1813.

53e GEO. III.

333

C87.

CAP. LXXXV1I.

All A6t to continue for Seven Tears Two A&s passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds by Boatmen and others, and adjusting Salvage; and for extending and amending the Laws relating to Wreck and Salvage.

[id July 1813.]

4 T1THEREAS an Appalled in the Forty eighth Tear of the 43 ci^a 4 Vr Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for pro*

4 venting Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship 4 Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within toe 4 JurifdiSkn of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain € DefeSs relative to the Adjufiment of Salvage, under a Statute made in 4 the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne:

4 And whereas another Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of the 490.3.61**. 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for preventing 4 Frauds and Depredations on Merchants, Ship Owners and Under*

4 writers, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain 4 DefeSs relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage in England, under ate 4 Ad made in the Twelfth Tear of Queen Anne : And whereas it is 4 expedient that the faia recited Ad ftiould be further continued; and 4 the said Ads and the Laws now in force relating to Wrecks and 4 Salvage should be amended, and further Proviflons made in respect 4 thereof:* May it thereore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said recited Ads of the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, except so far as the fame are altered by this Ad, shall be and contiuue in contiiwd. force for Seven Years from the palling of this Ad, aqd from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted. That no Lord or Lady of any Report of Manor, or other Person who maybe entitled to or claim to be entitled Wr4C^!•* to Wreck of the Sea, or to any Goods found Jetfam, Flotfam or Lagan, shall be entitled to appropriate such Wreck or Goods to his, ^ her or their own Ufe, or otnerwife to dispose thereof, until he, (he or they shall have caused a Report thereof in Writing to be given to the Deputy Vice Admiral of that Part of the Coaft where the fame shall have been stranded, wrecked or found, or to his Agent, or if there shall be no such Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent residing within the Diftaoce of Fifty Miles, then to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, which Report shall contain an accurate and particular Description of the Wreck or Goods found, and of the Place or Places, and time or times where and when the lame may have been found, and of any Marks that may be thereon, and of such other Particulars as may the better enable the Owner or Owners thereof to recover the fame ; and also of the Place or Places where the lame are depolited, and may be found and examined by any PerSans claiming any Right to such Wreck or Goods, nor until the full Expiration of One whole Year and a Day after the Delivery of

fuch

334

Penalty.

51G. 3. c, 15$.

Periihable Goods fold with Confent of a Juftice.

Money deposited in Hands of Lord of Manor, be.

Carriages may pass over Lands near Coaft

C.87.	53°GEO. IQ.	A.D.1813.

such Notice 5 any thing in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding ; and the Deputy Vice Admiral or Ageot aforesaid shall, within Forty eight Hours after receiving such Report as aforesaid, transmit a Copy thereof to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, upon Pain of forfeiting, for any Negleft to transmit such Account as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the fame; and the said Secretary shall cause such Account to be placed in some conspicuous Situation for the Infpeftion of all Persons claiming to inspect and examine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, or in any manner to affect any of the Provifions of an Ad paired in the lafl Session of Parliament, intituled An AS for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco DereliS, Jetfam, Flo Jam, Lagan or IVreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, •with the Duties payable on Imbortation of such Liquors and Tobacco.

III.	And be it further enacted, That when any Goods which shall be found or taken pofieffion of by any Lord or Lady of any Manor, or Person entitled or claiming to be entitled, to Wreck of the Sea, or to Goods found Flotfam, Jetfam or Lagan, or hi9 or her Agent or Servant, or by any Vice Admiral or his Deputy or Agent, or by any Officer or other Person whatsoever acting by or under the Authority of the said recited Ads or of either of them, shall be of so periihable a Nature, or so much injured or damaged that the fame cannot be kept, then and in every such case, such Goods shall and may, at the Requeft of any of the Persons interested or concerned therein, or in the saving and preferring thereof, by and with the Confent and Approbation of some Juftice of the Peace not interested or concerned m the fame, or in the saving or preferring thereof, and in the Prefence of such Juftice, or of some Person for that Purpofe specially appointed by such Juftice, be fold by Public Audion, or Private Contract, as such Juftice may direct by some Writing under his Hand, which Writing shall contain an accurate and particular Account of the Goods, and of any Marks that may be thereon, or other Particulars belonging thereto, and of the times and Places of the finding and intended Sale thereof; and the Money raised by such Sale, after defraying the reasonable Expences of the Sale, to be fettled and allowed by such Juftice, shall be deposited and remain in the Hands of the Lord or Lady of the Manor, or other Person, or Deputy Vice Admiral who would have received the Cuftody of the Goods so fold, to abide and be subject and liable to the Claims of all Persons in like manner as the Goods themselves would be subject and liable if remaining unfold : Provided always, that all Persons required to transmit Reports to the Deputy Vice Admiral, of the finding of any Goods, shall, in case of any such Sale as last aforesaid, likewise transmit to such Deputy Vice Admiral, an Account of such Sale and of the Proceeds thereof 5 and the said Deputy Vice Admiral shall forward such Reports to the Secretary of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, within the like Periods, and under and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for any Negleft therein, as in cases of any Goods found and required to b5? reported under the Provifions of the said recited'Aft and this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fbr the Deputy Vice Admiral of the Part of the Coaft where any Ship or Vetfel shall be stranded or wreeked, or where any Wreck of the Sea

or

335

AJ). 1813.	530	GEO.	III.	C.	87.

or Goods shall be call on Shore, and for his Agent, and also for the Owner or Mafter of any such Ship or Veffel, and for the Owners of any such Goods, or of any Part thereof, and for any Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, and other Officer, and for all Persons whatsoever employed or acting in aid of or in the assisting of any such Deputy Vice Admiral, Officer, Mailer or Owner as aforesaid, in thfe faring or recovering any such Ship or Veffel, or the Cargo, Stores, Tackle or other Articles belonging to the fame, or the pre-ferving the Lives of the Crew or Persons belonging thereto, or of any Wreck as aforesaid, to pass and repass with their Korfes, Carts, Carriages or Servants over any Lands near to the Part of the Sea Coafl where such Veflel shall be so wrecked or stranded, or on which such Wreck shall be cast, without Interruption or Obftru&ion by the Owner or Occupier thereof, for the Purpofe of rendering Afliftance in faring, recovering and preferring any such Ship or Veflel, or Goods or Stores, or any Cables, Anchors, Spars, Malls, Cordage or other Tackle or Articles belonging to any Ship or Veflel, or for faring or otherwise assisting in preferring the Lives of the Crew, or of any Persons on board of any such Ship or Veflel, or for the taking possession of, and securing, for the Benefit of the Owners thereof, of any Wreck or Goods, or other Things cast on Shore, or found on Shore, or found near thereto, provided there shall be no Road by which the Parties may pads and repass with as much Convenience and Expedition as over such Lands, and also to place any Planks, Timber, or any Part of the Wreck, or any Goods or Stores removed or fared from any such Ship or Veffel, or any other Wreck or Goods afore-laid, upon any such Land for a reasonable time, until they cau be removed to some Warehoufe or safe Place of Deposit, making Compensation to the Occupier of such Lands for any Damage done by the means aforesaid, which Compenfation shall be a Charge upon the Wreck or Goods in respect whereof the Damage may be done, in like manner as Salvage; and in case the Parties cannot agree as to the Amount thereof then the fame shall be ascertained and fettled by Two Justices of the Peace, or of a Third Person to be named by them, in such manner, and within such times as the amount of Salvage is directed to be ascertained and fettled by the said recited Ad in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majefty's Reign.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of any Land or Premises, over which any Person is authorized by this Ad to pass and repass, for any of the Purpofes in this Ad before mentioned, shall interrupt, impede or hinder any such Person from passing over his Land or Premifes with Horfes, Carts, Carriages and Servants, for the Purpofes in this Ad before mentioned, or any or either of them, by locking his Gates, or refuting upon Requeft to open the fame, or otherwise, or shall obstruct or hinder the placing any Wreck, Goods, Stores or other Articles upon his Land, or (hafi prevent their remaining there for a reasonable time until the fame can be removed to some Warehoufe or safe Place of public Deposit, such Occupier shall forfeit and pay to any Person who will sue for the (ante the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Adion of Debt.

* VI. And whereas Queftions have afiien as to the Jurifdidions of * the Courts of Record at Wejlminjler% and of the High Court of ‘ Admiralty, iu cases of Salvage of Ships and Goods performed

* between

where VefTels* are wre ked for Prefervation of Wreck, Sc c.

Refufing Persons so employed to pats over Land.

Penalty.

C»8^) 88*

Queftiont of Sal-wage within Ju-rifdi&bn of High Court of Admiralty or Coutts at Weft-minfter.

In casa of Damage done by Foreign Veflel in Harbour, &c Veflel may be arrested until the Owners. &c. shall undertake to appear Defendant m Adion.

Penalties bow recovered, See.

^oG.i. c. io»

§35-

53*GEO. III.	AJ). 1813.

•	between High and Low Water Mark ;* Be it therefore enacted. That any Queftion in relation to Salvage of any Ship or Veflel, or of any Goods, which fltall be performed between High and Low Water Mark, shall, from and after the passing of this Ad, be and be deemed to be within the Jurifdidion or Cognizance of the High Court of Admiralty or of His Majefty's Courts of Record at lVefi-nunfier; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftandmg.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Damage shall be done by any Foreign Ship or Veflel to any Brltijb Ship or Veflel, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or any Buoy or Beacon in any Harbour, Port, River or Creek, and it shall appear on a summary Application made to any Judge of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty respectively, that such Damage or Lofs has probably been sustained or arisen by the Mifcondud or Negligence of the Matter or Mariners of such Foreign Ship or Veffel, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Judge to cause such Foreign Ship or Veflel, being in any Harbour, Port, River or Creek, to be arrereed and detained until the Matter or Owner or Confignee, or some Agent of the Owner, Matter or Confignee of such Ship or Veflel, shall undertake to appear and be Defendant in any Adion which may be brought for such Lofs or Damage, and give such sufficient Security, by Bail or otherwise, for all Colts and Damages if recovered, as shall be directed and ordered by such Judge, if it mall, upon the Trial of such Adion or Suit, appear that such Lofs or Damage shall have arisen from such Negligence or Mifcondud as aforesaid ; and in such Adion or Suit the Person giving Security shall be made Defendant, and shall be dated to be the Owner of the Foreign Ship or Veffel doing such Damage ; and it shall not be necessary in any such Adion or Suit to give any other Evidence of the Liability of such Person to such Adion or Suit, than the Prodndion of the Order of the Judge, made in relation to such Security as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it furtner enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures above the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or which by the fafld Ads or any or either of them, or by this Ad, are made to be recoverable by Adion or Suit, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of His Majetty’s Courts of Record at Wcftminjler.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Ad to substitute a Declaration in lieu of an Oath in the

Verification of the Books of Persons dealing in certain Ex-

cifeable Articles.	[ad	July	1813.]

4 TX7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Tenth Year of the Reign 4 VV of His late Majesty King George the First, among other

•	things, for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon

•	Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Pafte imported, 4 and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, it is enacted, 4 that, for the better ascertaining the Quantities of all Coffee, Tea, 4 Cocoa Nuts and Chocolate, which shall from time to time be fold, 4 all Sellers and Dealers therein or in any of them, and all Makers 4 of Chocolate, and all Coffee-houfe Keepers and Chocolate-houfe 4 Keepere who shall fell or consume the fame in small Quantities under

\

$3°<«©.ni* *

m

AJ&1813.

C.t©

the Wright of Six Pounds, shall keep aa Account of all fuck* Coffee, Tea* Chocolate and Cocoa Nats which they or aay of then* respectively shall fell or confome in small Quantities in each Day, and shall every Night enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe an Account of the Grofs Quantities of the said several Commodities which have been by him, her or them respectively fa retailed or consumed in that Day in small Quantities under the said Weight of Six Pounds, and shall also keep One other Book wherein they shall respectively enter each Parcel of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate above the Weight of Six Pounds, which they shall respectively fell in each Day, and that the said Books shall be prepared and delivered in manner in the said A& in that Behalf mentioned and prescribed; and when the said Books in their Cuftody shall be filled up, the fame shall from time to time be returned to the respective Officer or Officers in that behalf mentioned in the said A&, upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker, upon the foleran Affirmation of such Sellers or Dealers as aforesaid), or his, her or their Servant or Servants who kept the fame and made the Entries therein, of the Truth of such Entries according to the bed of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that On® or more new Book and Books shall thereupon be delivered to fuck respective Sellers or Dealers in the Room of such Book or Books so returned, and so toties quoties as often as such Book or Books shall be filled up with such Entries: And whereas by another A&, made in the Twenty sixth Year of His piefent Majefty’s Reign, a6 intituled An A8 for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wince imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the CommiJJioners of Excife, it is enacted, that all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine shall from time to time keep an Account of all Foreign Wine which they or any of them relpe&ivek shall fell, fend out or consume in each Day, in (mall Quantitierhnder Three Galions, expressing the Number of Gallons or Bottles so sent out or consumed, and shall every Day enter into a Book to be kept for that Purpofe an Account of the gr6fs Quantities of the said Foreign Wine which have been by him, Her or them respectively so fold, sent out or consumed in the pre-ceding Day, in lmall Quantities under Three Galions, and that Inch Dealers in or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall also keep One other Book wherein they shall respectively enter each Parcel of Foreign Wine, of the Quantity of Three Gallons or more, which they shall respectively fell or fend out in each Day, expressing the Number of Gallons or Bottles so fold or sent out, and that the said last mentioned Book, shall be prepared and delivered in manner in the said last mentioned A& in that Behalf mentioned and pre-feribed; and that it is by the said last mentioned>A& provided that when the said Books in the Cuftody of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, shall be filled up, the fame shall from time to time be severally returned to the respective Officers in that Behalf mentioned in the said last mentioned A&, and the Truth of the Entries made therein verified upon the Oath of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants who kept the fame and made the Entries therein, according to the bed of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that One or more new Book or Books shall thereupon be delivered to such refoe&ive 53 Gto.JTZ.	Z	*	Dealers

C.J,

33»

ass.

53‘GEO.in.	A.D.1813.

X)G.y c.6S.

§ 104-

I toy

Dealers in or Sellers of Foreign Wine in the room of such Book or Books so returned, and fb totirs quotes as often as such Book or Books shall be filled up with such Entries: And whereas by another A& made, in the Twenty ninth Fear of His present Majedy’s Reign, intituled An A3 for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffs and for granting nefu Duties in lieu thereof» it is enacted, that all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of and Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco shall from time to time keep an Account of all Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks which he, (he or they refpeCtively shall from time to time fell, fend out or consume according to the Denominations thereof, thereinafter specified, and shall every Day enter into a Book or on a Paper to be kept for that Purpose, an Accbunt of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanifh and Returns of Tobacco, which shall have been by him, her or them fold, sent out or conformed in the preceding Day in Quantities of Four Pounds Weight or upwards 5 and that all and every Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco shall also every Day enter into another Book or on another Paper to be kept for that Purpofe by him, her or them, an Account of the Quantities of Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanifh and Returns of Tobacco, under the Weight of Four Pounds which shall have been by him, her or them fold, sent out or consumed in the preceding Day, in Quantities under Four Pounds Weight 5 and that all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of and Dealer and Dealers in Snuff shall also fmm time to time keep an Account of all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour and Snuff, which he, (he or they refpeCtively shall from time to time fell, fend out or consume according to the Denominations thereof thereinafter mentioned, and shall every Dypnter into a Book or on a Paper to be kept by him, her or them,^m Account of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Sulk Flour and Foreign Snuff, which shall have been by him, her or them fold, sent out or consumed in the preceding Day in Quantities of Two Pounds Weight or upwards ; and that all and every Dealer and Dealers in Snuff shall also every Day enter into another Book or on another Paper to be kept for that Purpofe by him, her or them, an Account of the Quantities of British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff and Foreign Snuff, which shall I we been by him, her or them fold, sent out or consumed in the preceding Day in Quantities under Two Pounds Weight; and that the said Books or Papers refpeCtively shall be prepared and delivered in manner in the said lad mentioned Aft in that Behalf mentioned and prescribed; and it is by the said lad mentioned ACt provided, that the said Books or Papers shall be severally returned in manner tn the said lad mentioned ACt directed and prescribed, and that the c Truth of the Entries made therein shall then be verified upon the Oath of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants who kept the fame and made the Entries therein, according to the bed of bis, her or their •	5	«	Know*

(^.

C. 89.

33V)

A*D.i8i)«

53° GEO. in.

4 Knowledge und Belief, and that when and so footr as airy fubb Book

*	or Books, Paper or Papers shall be filled op, or footser if the proper

*	Officer of Excife in that Behalf ffoali demand the fame, such Book

*	or Books or Paper or Papers rrfpe&ively shall be returned to the 4 proper Officer of Excife in that Behalr for the time being, and 4 that the Truth of the Entries made therein shall theo be verified 4 upon the Oath in manner aforesaid, and that One or more new Book 4 or Books or Paper or Papers shall be delivered to such refpedsve 4 Manufacturers and Dealers, upon any such Book or Books or Paper 4 or Papers being so filled up or returned in the room of such Book 4 or Books or Paper or Papers so filled up or returned, and so 4 toties quoties as often as such Book or Books or Paper or Papers 4 shall be so filled up or returned: And whereas it is expedient to 4 substitute the Declarations hereinafter prescribed in lieu and inilead 4 of the said Oaths refpeCtivelyBe it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Verificatioi <m and after the Fifth Dav of July One thousand eight hundred and aSimi*" thirteen, no such Verification on Oath as is hereinbefore mentioned required, hut a /hall be made or required ; and when any or either of the Books or DtcUntion to Papers hereinbefore mentioned shall be returned to the Officer or be made in lieu. Officers in the said recited ACts in that Behalf refpeCtively mentioned,

the Truth of the Entries made in every such Book or Paper so returned ffiall be verified upon the Declaration in Writing of and subscribed by the Seller of or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea,

Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, or Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or Manufacturer or Manufa&urers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, as the case may require, with his, her or their proper Name in the Prefence of such Officer or Officers; and Penalty, if any such Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, or Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff,

shall negleCt or refuse to verify upon his, her or their Declaration in Writing the Truth of any such Entry or Entries as aforesaid made iu any such Book, or on any such Paper, or to subscribe any such his, her or their Declaration in manner aforesaid, or shall make or subscribe any false or untrue Declaration in Writing as or for any Declaration in Writing prescribed or required by this ACt, the Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nut6 or Chocolate, or Dealer or Dealers in or 8eller or Seliers, of Foreign Wine, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, as the case may require, so offending, shall, for each and every such Penalty. Offence, Severally forfait and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

4 II. And whereas no Sellers of or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa 4 Nuts or Chocolate, nor any Dealers in or Sellers of Foreign Wine,

*	nor any Manufacturers of or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, are by 4 Law bound to enter on the Demand of the proper Officer or 4 Officers of Excife under whose Surrey such Seliers, Dealers or 4 Manufacturers refpeCtively shall from time to time be, the said ‘ Quantities of the said several Commodities hereinbefore in that

Z 2

4 Behalf

Certain Dealers to make Entries m Books on being required by Eicife Office-

TotuAty,

Penalties how recovered, &c.

M oiler, gw t-f Great Seal to carry Writs to Sheriffi of I.oii-J don and Middlesex ; and all Other Writs to Polltnafter General, who shall forward fame.

C. SS, 89.	53" GEO. HI. AJ3.t9t%.

*	Behalf refpedivdy mentioned in fuels their refpeAive Books, and k

*	if therefore expedient to make such Provifion at it hereinafter men*

*	tioned 1* Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Seller or Sellers of and Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, all and every Dealer or Dealers in and Seller or Sellers of

. Foreign Wine, and all and every Manufadurer or Manufadurere of and Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff respectively, as the •cafe may require, shall, on the Demand of any Officer or Officers of Excife under whose Survey he, (he or they shall then be, enter into the said Books oron such Papers respectively the Quantities of the (aid several Commodities which such Seller or Seliers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers respectively is or are by the said recited Ads respectively required to enter at the refpefctive times in the said recited Ads respectively mentioned, in the Book or Books or Paper or Papers in that Behalf respectively mentioned in the ibid recited A6ts, and shall also immediately afterwards, if demanded by such Officer or Officers, return every such Book or Paper to the Officer or Officers in the said recited Ads in that Behalf respectively mentioned; and the Truth of the Entries made in every such Book or Paper so returned shall then be verified upon such Declaration as aforesaid, under the Penalty of One hundred rounds for every Negled or Refufal to enter the Quantity or Quantities of any of the laid Commodities which any such Seller or Seliers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers is or are so required to enter or to return any such Book or Books or Paper or Papers in manner lift aforesaid.

111.	And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad shall he sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture can or may he sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by ACtion of Debt, Bill, rlaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftnunfier, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety pf every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heks and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hah in form, discover or sue for the fame.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An ACl for the more regular Conveyance of Writs for the . EleCliou of Members to serve in Parliament. [2d July 1813.]

f'OR the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs for the Eledion of Members to serve in Parliament, he it enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament nflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That when any new Parliament shall at any time hereafter be summoned or calied, as also in all cases of Vacancy during this present or any future Parliament, the Meflenger or Puriuivant of the Great Seal, or hia Deputy, shall, after the Receipt thereof, forthwith carry such of the said Writs as shall be directed to the Sheriffs of London, or Sheriff of Middlcfc*, to the rcfpeCtive Officers of such Sheriffs or Sheriff; and all such other Writs to the General Poft Office in London, and there deliver the fame to the Poft mailer or Poftmafterf

General

J

841

General for the time being, or to ftieb other Ferfaa-o# Percent as the hid Poftmafter or Poftmafters General shall depute to receive the fame (and which Deputation they are hereby refpc&ively required to make}, who on Receipt thereof shall give an Acknowledgment it Writing of such Receipt to the (aid Meflenger or his Deputy, from whom toe fame shall be received, ezprefiog therein the time of fach Delivery, and shall keep a Duplicate of such Acknowledgment, signed by the Parties reipe&ively to whom and by whom the farm shall be so delivered ; and the (aid Poftmafter or Poftntafters General, or such their Deputy or Deputies, shall dispatch all such Writs, free from the Charges of Poftage (which they are hereby authorized to do), by the First Poft or Mail after the Receipt thereof, uader Covers, respectively directed to the proper Officer or Officers to whom the laid Writs shall be respectively directed, and to uo other Person whomsoever, accompanied with proper Dire&ions to the Poft* matter, or Deputy Poftmafter of the Town or Place, or nearest to the Town or Place where such Officer or Officers shall hold his or their Office, requiring such Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmafter forthwith to carry such Writs respectively to such Office, and to deliver the Came there to such Officer or Officers to whom the fame shall be respectively directed, or to his or their Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby respectively required to give to such Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmafter a Memorandum in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, acknowledging the Receipt of every such Writ, and dettiog forth the Day and Hour the Came was delivered by such Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmaster, which Memorandum shall also be signed by such Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmaster, who are hereby required tq transmit the Came by the First or Second Poft afterwards, to the fai<|

Poftmafter or Poftmafters General, or their respective Deputies at the (aid General Poft Office in Londony who are hereby required to make an Entry thereof in a proper Rook for that Purpose, and to file and keep such Memorandum along with the Duplicate of the fi|id Acknowledgment, signed by the Caid Meflenger as aforefiud* to thq Intent that the fame may be inlpe&ed or produced upon all proper Occafions, by any Person interested in such Ele&iont*

II.	And, that the said Poftmafters General may be duly informed Sheriff, lc» to where such Officers to whom such Writs shall be respectively directed, give Notice to hold their respective Offices for the Purpofes aforeiaid, be it further Poftmeller* Ot-cna&ed by the Authority aforesaid. That the Chancellor of the ,,^0f»5?5fcag County Palatine of Laucqftcr> the Lord Bilhop of Durham, or his J^i ^eI/ temporal Chancellor of the County Palatine of Durham, the offices. Chamberlain of the County Palatine of Chtfltry the Warden of the Claque Ports, the Sheriffs and Stewarts of the several Cities,

Counties and Stewartries, and all other Persons to whom such y Writs for the Ele&ion of Members to serve in Parliament, ought to be and are usually directed, or their respective Lieutenants or Deputies, shall, within One Month after the patting of this A&, fcrerally fend up to the said Poftmafters General an Account of the City, Town or Place where they shall hold their respective Offices for the Purpofe aforesaid, specifying in such Account such Particulars as shall be necessary to ascertain the particular Situation of such respective Offices, and so from time to time, with all convenient Speed, as often at the Places for holding such Offices shall be changed : and also an Account of such General Poft Town or Place as

Z i	(hall

Wh»re Sheriffs hold Office in or near Capital, such Notice Tent to Meffenger of Great Seal.

Certain Profits retained doting Life of present Meffcnger.

5*ol. annually paid Meffenger for Life, in lieu of certain Fees;

Netle&ing to deliver Wril,

Mifdemeanor.

Offences in Scow land how puuilhed*

shall be nearest 11 such Offices tefpeftivdy, In .case such respective Offices (hail not be in any General Poft Town or Place ; and the (aid Pofbnaftert General shall make or cause to be made a Lift of fnch Places, and cause the fame to be hung up aod kept in some public Place in the General Poft Office aforesaid.

IIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where any fnch Sheriff or other Pcrfon to whom such Writs ought to be dirested, (hail hold his Office within the Cities of London or IVeJl-minder*, or the Borough ot Southwark, or within Five Miles thereof, fucli Sheriff or Officer shall fend such Account as aforesaid of the Place where he shall hold such Office, to the Meffenger of the Great Seal, instead of the said Poftmafter Gcueral; and the said Meffenger or his Deputy shall carry all such Writs to such Office, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in the case of the Sheriffs of London and Middlefcx.

4 IV. And whereas certain Profits now arise to the Meffenger of * the Great Seal, from Allowances made to him under the Head 4 of Mileage, for the Conveyance of such Writs, which Allowances 4 are paid him from the Hanaper OfficeBe it further enacted. That such Allowances shall not be t^ken away or any ways affected by this Aft, during the Life of the present Meffenger of the Great Seal; but shall after his Deceafe utterly cease and determine ; Caving and excepting an Allowance of Two Guineas on each Writ for the Eleftion of a Member to serve in Parliament on any Vacancy, and of the Sum of Fifty Pounds on the calling of a new Parliament; which Allowances shall be paid to every Meffenger of the Great Seal to be hereafter appointed, from the Hanaper Office, in like manner as ihe present Allowances for Mileage are now paid.

• V. And whereas the Meffenger of the Great Seal and his Deputy 4 have from time to time received certain other Fees for the Con* 4 veyance and upon the Delivery of Writs for the Eleftion of 4 Members to serve in Parliament;’ Be it enacted, That all such Fees shall utterly cease and determine from the palling of this Aft j and that neither the said Meffenger, nor his Deputy, nor any other Person, shall receive or take any Fee, Reward or Gratuity what-soever, for the Conveyance or Delivery of any such Writ; and that the Lords Commiflioners of His Majcfty’s Treasury shall direct the annual Sum of Five hundred and twenty Pounds to be paid out of the Confolidated Fund to the present Meffenger of the Great Seal during the Continuance of his Life, in Coropenfation for all such Fees.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Person concerned in the Tranfmitting or Delivery of any such Writ as aforesaid, who shall wilfully neglect or delay to deliver or transmit any such Writ, or accept any Fee, or do any other Matter or Thing in Violation of thia Aft, shall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and may, upon any Conviftion upon any Indiftment or Information in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, be fined and imprisoned at the Difcretion of the Court for such Mifdemeanor.

VII.	And be it enacted, That every Person who shall commit in Scotland any Offence against this Aft, which is hereby declared to be a Mifdemeanor, shall oe liable to be punished by a Fine or Jm-prifonment, as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted may direct.

CAP.

AD. 1113.	53'	GEO.HL	C.	90.	143

CAP. XC.

An Aft torerire and continue, until the Twenty lifth Day 6(

March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend so much of an Aft, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowance* to Adjutants and Seijeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Aft of the fame SefEon of Parliament.

[ad July 1813.]

*	YTTHEREAS it is expedient that an Aft, patted in the Thirty 39 & 40 G.j.

*	W ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prrfent c.44.

*	Majefty, intituled An Ail for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances La 4 Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied 4 under an Ad of this SeJJion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for 4 enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number 4 of Volunteers from the Militia under certain Rejlridions, which has 4 been revived and continued by several subsequent Afts until the 4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 thirteen, should be again revived and further continued, so far as 4 the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors j’ Be it there-fore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Aft and the Allowances Revived and con-therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and dmirdtillM-rcb all the Provifions relating thereto, shall be revived from the faid

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen# Juuu,u» u *nd be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, so far as the fame relate to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors ; and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Aft and Allowances had been continued by any Aft of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of Marco One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respect as if this Aft had paflTed before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant Reduced Adju. entitled to any Allowance under this Aft may receive and take such tints eroded to Allowance, together with the pay of any such Committion, or Half P*y well •* Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to he Allowance held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia ip that Part of U4M*er *** Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as Tuch Adjutant: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Aft during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other th^u such at *fqrefaid.

CAP.

S44

^eia^L

I*

CAP. XCI.

An A ft for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while diferabodied.

[2d July 1813.]

s TTfHEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the * VV Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces in 4 Great Britain, while disembodied, under certain Regulations:4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Anmwl Allow- rity of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, •ncesbefides the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which null ExerciS*- ^hey are now by Law entitled, during the time of annual Exercife, made to Lieute- shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Reflxidions, and nants. Surgeons in the manner hereinafter expressed, to every Subaltern Officer now 'and EoGgns. bearing a Commiflion and serving in the Militia of Great Britain, who (nail continue faithfully to serve in the fame Corps, or who previously to the Expiratiou of Three Months from the passing of this Ad shall be duly appointed to a Commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied Militia, and in the fame Corps until the difembodying thereof; that is to fay, to a Lieutenant or a Surgeon Twenty iive Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six pence, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Five pence per Diem for Three hundred and (ixty fix Days ; and to an Enfign Twenty one Pounds Seven Shillings, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem Tor Three hundred and sixty fix Days : Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia as are now serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purpoles of this Ad.

Exceptions.	II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who

is or shall during the Continuance of this Ad become pofTe/Ted of such an Eftate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commilfion of Captain of a Company in the Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving » any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of the Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines who shall also hold a Subaltern’s or Surgeon’s Commission, and have served as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in any wife intitled to the said annual Allowances, or any Part or Share tnereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Malms tod HI. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and tarpons ta take Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Ad to receive any Part of the said annual Allowances, /hail previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelvet thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battaliortp Corps or Independent

Company

v^ooQie

A.lXiSig.

53° GEO. ni.

C.

34f

Oah.

Company in which they fern (haQ belong, in the Words or to the Elect following $ videlicet,

4 T A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the 4 *	of	Militia when the fame was difembodica,

4 and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the 9	Day	of	inclusive,	as a [Captain

0 Lieutenant, Lieutenant, Ensign, or Surgeon, as the case may he1,

4 and that I was not, in my own Right or in Right of my Wife,

9 during the said Period, in the actual Poffeffion and Enjoyment or 9 Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Heredia 4 taments of such an annual Value above Reprises, as would qualify 4 me to hold a Commiffion of Captain of a Company in the 4 Militia; that I have not, during the above Period, held the 4 Appointment of Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment,

9 Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor 4 did or has any Person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed,

4 during the said Period, any Office or Income whatsoever from 4 the Public, except my Pay as

0	for	the	Period of the Corps having afiembled

* to be trained and exercised; and that I was not entitled during 4 the said Period either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army 4 or Marines.	So	help me GOD/

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, Shall be by the said Juftice	t0	tranf

forthwith certified and t ran knitted, and he is hereby required to cer- mit ottht to tify and tranfintt the fame to the Receiver General of the Land Tax Receiver Gmt-of the County, Riding or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, wl of Land Tax Corps or Independent Company of Militia in which such Subaltern *°*Count/* Officer or Surgeon shall be then fenring, shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland\ if in Scotland, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted. That every Subaltern Officer SuWlurm and and Surgeon of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be Surgeon, to «t-entitled to the Benefits of this A&, shall regularly attend the annual tend *nnu*i Exercife and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or In- ****&* dependent Company to which he belongs, during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and shall during the said time punctually do and perform bis Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, on Pam *of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Reft of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due	m

for the current Year, in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend ; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, Certificate, of figoed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, Attendance Corps or Independent Company to which he may belong, shall be jraufmiu.d by tzummitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the fiudjRegi- te0Bnt ^ sent. Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia, Audi ceiver General belong, and also to the Receiver General of such County, Riding of County, or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, ******* ^" if in Scotland: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern ^^ntSgbL Officer or Surgeon claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, ferte<| inCsrti* shall by hit Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any ficate.

(Special Caufe or unavoidable Neccffity, to be abfeat durin^the

i^-

34^	C.epi.	j3°GEO.IH.	A.D.	i3i$.

Militia not caned out to annual Eiercife, Subalterns and Surgeons dill entitled to Allowance.

Allowances paid without Dt-tfu&ocu.

Whole or any -Part of such annual Exereife (in which case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Ab-fence, and for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon who maybe so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercife), the Reafone for such Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefolly and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned)* to be iigned by the Commanding Officer, and to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon shall be serving, shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of the fame County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia, after the difembodying thereof, and before the respective Days hereinafter fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the said annual Allowances, shall not be called out For the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, and coming within the Defcriptions of this A&, who shall have taken and fub-feribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company shall belong, and aHb to the Receiver General of the fame County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland^ if in Scotland, according to the Directions of this A&; anything contained in this A& to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Jultice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia shall not have been called out to their animal Exercife as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the refpeCtive Receivers General, it, shall and may be lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons, according to their respective Commiffion# of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon, in Addition to their Pay, fbr the time of Training and Exercife, One Moiety of the annual Allowance above mentioned on the Twenty fourth Day of September* next, and the other Moiety of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of Afartb One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, without any Deduction whati'oever, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, and to charge the fame in their respective annual Accounts of Money difborfed for the Ufe of the Public; the Qerti$cat^s before mentioned to be

Ml

A-IXiSij.	53°GBO.IIL	C.pu

by tbcfc* preferred ind pnedacW among the Vouchers for the Pay-omits from, time to time made by them in pursuance of this A&.

VII. And be k further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Subaltemi sod Surgeons of the Milkia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Surgcoo* not at# Benefits of this Ad, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, Corps or Independent Companies 9 UI>0U* to which they belong, whenever the fame shall be embodied, and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Negled or Refufal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall at any time wilfully neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercife as before directed, and at such other times, or for such other Occafions, as may be required of him in pursuance of the Laws now in force refpedtiug the Militia when disembodied.each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon shall, upon such Negled or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment,

Battalioo, Corps or Independent Company to which such Subaltern or Surgeon shall belong, forfeit hie Claim to the fuid annual Allow- Penalty, apce, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having vefigoed and vacated his Commission,to all Intents and Purpofes what-fbever.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Perfone respectively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land Tax in England, and the Receiver General for Scotland respectively, upon the Produdion of the before mentioned several Certificates, on or as soon after the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen respectively, as may be convenient and practicable; Provided always, that nothing in this A & contained shall extend, or be conit rued to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer or Surgeon as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Pait thereof, during the time the Militia to which he belong* shall be embodied or ordered out on a dual Service : Provided aUb, that this Ad, and the Benefits and Allowances therein- contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to more than Teii Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Ten Companies ; to more than Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Eight and left than Eleven Companies ; to more than Eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Six and less than Nine Companies; or to more than Five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Six or of a less Number of Companies, except where the Companies confiit of Ninety Privatd Men each or upwards, in which case this Ad, and the Benefits and Allowances 'therein contained, may be extended to Eighteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Ten Companies ; to ttxtoen Lieutenant* in any Regiment confiding of more than Eight and less than Eleven Companies; to Fourteen Lieutenants in an^ Regiment confiding of more than Six and less than Nine Companies; and to Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, con# filing of Six or of a less Number of Companies.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia, at the time of difembodying thereof, there shall be a greater Number of Lieutenants coining within the Defcription of this A& than can be entitled to claim the Benefits

thereof.

Allowance* paid by Receiver General on Production of Certificates ;

not paid while Militia embodied.

Allowances to extend only to a certain Number.

Senior Lieut*, nants to hare Preference, and J un>or to succeed on Vacancies.

34$

thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foremgProvifo, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned Allowances; and that the Junior Lieutenants shall (ucoecd to such Allowances in Rotation* .as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from time to time.

C< untunes of X. And be it farther enacted, That this Ad shall continue is

Act*	force	until	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufnnd eight

hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

I5 G. 1. (I.)

C.5. §0.

19 G- a. 00

e.16. $1.

CAP. XCII.

An Aft for the Removal of Doubts respecting the Powers of Archbifhops and Bifhops in Ireland, as to demifing the Menfal Lands, not being Demefne Lands, to their respective Sees belonging.	[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made by the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 4 George the Second, intituled An A3 to enable ArcUnJhofs and Bifhofs 4 to demise Part of their Demefne Land,t and to change the Sate of thiehr 4 Manfion Houfee ; and also by an A d made by the said Parliament * in the Nineteenth Year of the said Reign, entitled An A3 for 4 amending the Loros in relation to Demefne Lands belonging to 4 Anhbiihopst and in relation to the Building of Nero ParUh Churches ; 4 Proviiion was made for the Appointment of ComouffioBera to be 4 empowered to view the Demefne or Menial Lands belonging to any 4 Archbifhop or Bifhop of the laid Kingdom of frelandt to caw ‘ Surveys to be taken and Maps to be made thereof refpedivdv, and 4 in such Maps to diftingruifh and fet apart such Part of such Lands 4 in any Diocefe for which such Commissioners Ihould be appointed, 4 as to them should appear fit and fulficient (not less than Two 4 hundred and fifty Acres Plantation Meafure),as and for a Demefne 4 for the Archbilhop or Bifhop of such Diocefe and his SucceSoca, * and to certify the fame in the manner and to the Persons by the 4 said Ad directed: And whereas Power was given by the laid 4 Ad to the Lord Lieuteuanl or other Chief Governor or Governors 4 of Ireland for the time being, in the case of an Archbifhop and in 1 the case of a Bifhop to the Archbifhop of the Province wherein the 4 Diocefe of such Bifhop was (ituate 49 manner therein prescribed, 4 and after Return being so made by Commifiioners as aforesaid 4 to fet out and fettle a proper Demefne for such Archbifhop or 4 Bifhop respectively, not containing less than Two hundred and fifty 4 Acres Plantation Measure, which Lands so fet out as Demefne nr 4 Menial Lands should always from thenceforth be esteemed and 4 taken to be the Demefne or Menfal Lands belonging to the find 4 Archbilhop or Bifhop and his SucceiTors respectively s And k wan 4 by the laid Ad further enacted, That it Ihould and might be lawful 4 to and for any Archbifhop or Bishop, and for the Succeffors of any 4 such Archbifhop or Bishop, for whom a Demefne was ia (neb 4 manner fet apart, to demile the remaining Part of the Demelhe 4 or Menfal Lands to such Archbilhop or Bifhop belonging, for such 9 Term and Terms as ia thereinafter mentioned $ that ia to fay, all 4 such Lands as do lie within any Town Corporate, or Market 4 Town, or within Half a Mile thereof, for any Term not exceeding

** Forty

A.D*i8i?t	53‘GKO.IIL	fjf

•	Forty Years in Pdflefifon, and all the Reft and Refidue of fitch 4 Lanas for such Term of Years as by the Laws then in being be

•	was empowered to demHe other Lands to such Archbifttop or

•	Bifhop belonging; provided always, that the full yearly Value of 4 the Lands so to be derailed at the dree of leafing or demifing the

•	fame without any Fine, should be always referred to the Arch*

4 bifiiop or Bifhop demifing the (ame, and his Succeffors, upon 4 every such Demife s And whereas by another Aft, made by the

•	Parliament of Inland in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of Hk 35 G. 3. (f.)

‘ present Majesty, intituled An Aft to explain and amend an Aft passed c* 2*m

4 la the Tenth and Eleventh Yeart of the Reign of King Charles the 4 Firis, intituled An Aft for Prefervation of the Inheritance, Rightr 4 and Profits of Lands belonging to the Church and Persons Ecclefi-4 a/Hcal* it is enaftcd, That it should and might be lawful to and § t>

4 for Archbifoops, Biihops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, et cetera* et 4 cetera, from time to time to accept of a Surrender or Surrenders 4 of any Leafe or Leafes of any Lands or Hereditaments, and ‘ thereupon to demise such Lands or other Hereditaments belonging 4 to their respective Sees* Churches, et cetera (the Dwelling Hoafes 4 used for any their respective Habitations and Demefne Lands 4 thereunto belonging, and therewith used and occupied as the 4 Demefnes of their said Houses, only excepted), unto the Person 4 or Persons in such manner and Form as by the tnerein recited Aft 4 of the Tenth and Eleventh of King Charles the First, or by any

•	other Aft then in force, they were enabled to do ; provided, that j ^

•	the yearly Rent or Profits which should be reserved upon every

•	fuch Leale thereafter to be made should not be lcfs than the yearly 9 Rent or Profits paid and payable thereout for the last Twenty 4 Years preceding the making of such Lease: And whereas Com*

4 million 3 have issued, and Demefnes have been fet apart, pursuant to

4 the Provifions of the said first recited Aft of the Fifteenth Year q#

•	of His late Majefty’s Reign in some Diocefes of the said Kingdom c. 5.

4 of Ireland\ and Leafes for Terms not exceeding Twenty one Years

4 have at various times been made of the remaining Menial Lands in 4 such Diocefes respectively, which Leafes or several of them are now 4 subsisting, and Doubts have been entertained, notwithstanding the

•	Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Thirty fifth Year 0? the 35 0.3.(I.)

•	Reign of His present Majesty, whether if Surrenders were made c. 33.

4 and accepted ot the said Leafes so granted as aforesaid of the faid

4 Lands as aforesaid, and if new Leafes were granted thereof, such 4 Leafes would be considered valid and efieftual in the Law, which

•	Doubts are prejudicial to the Interefts both of the Archbilhops and 4 Bifhop 3 to whom such Lands so demised do respectively belong, and 4 also of the Tenants to whom they arefo demised, and it is expedient

•	that the said Doubts should be removed, and that Power (hoold 4 unequivocally be given to the said ArchbHhops and Brfhops to 4 accept of Surrenders of Leafes so made, and to demise again the 4 said Lands as by the said recited Aft of the Thirty fifth Year of 4 His present Majefty’s Reign is providedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual add Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and immediately after the pafling of this Aft, it shall and Power of gnu*-I*ay be lawful to and for any Archbilhop or Bifhop in Ireland having lag Leak*.

belonging

jo G. 3. c.xj.

Additional Duty

on Spirit* dif-tilled from Corn 6d. per Galloo.

belonging to him Menfal Lands so separated from a fbfficient and actual Denjefne (not less than Two hundred and fifty Acres), as by the said recited A ft of the Fifteenth Year of His late Majefty's Reign is provided, and for His Succeffors from time to time, to accept of a Surrender or Surrenders of each and every or any of the Leales heretofore made and now outstanding, or which shall hereafter be made of all or any Part of the said Menfal Lands (fo belonging to him, and over and above the Demefne so fet out for him and his Succeffors as by the said recited Ads of the Fifteenth and Nineteenth Years of His late Majefty’s Reign is directed and appointed), with their and every of their Appurtenances, and thereupon to demiTe and lease the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty one Years from the time of making such Leafe or Leafcs, provided that there be referred upon every such Lease, hereafter to be made, a yearly Rent not less than the yearly Rent paid and payable thereout for the last Twenty Years preceding the making of such Lease; any thing in the said recited Ads of the Fifteenth and Nineteenth Year* of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIII.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.	[2d	July 1813.]

[6c,oco Tickets.']

CAP. XCIV.

An Aft to grant an additional Duty of Excife on Spirits made or distilled from Com or Grain in Ireland. [6th July 1813.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTTE, Your Maiefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the 4 W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary 4 Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant * unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned,9 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enaftea by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and fatisiied, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs nod Succeffors, the several Duties hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, which at any time after the palling of this Aft shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Com or Grain, malted or unmalted, or for which any Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law, an additional Duty of Six pence Briit/b Currency, over and above all other Dutien payable thereon, under and by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland on or immediately before the palling of this A&* and after the fame Rate for any.greater or less Quantity; and

which

35*

A-D„i$i3*	J3# GEO. in.	C.94.

which Dud additional Doty shall be paid by the first Maker of DiftiSer of such Spirit#,

II.	And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, Spirits taken out railed, levied, collected, paid and satisfied to and for the Ufe of His of Warehouse Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, for and upon every Gallon of	to°w

jiqma Pltcj Strong Waters or Spirits, made or diddled from Corn or additionalDuty/ Grain malted or unmalted in Ireland, and which having been ware-boufed in any of His MajeRy’s Warehoufcs or Stores in Ireland purfuaot tof Law, shall, at any time after the pafling of this Ad, be taken out for Home Ccnfumption in Ireland, the Sum of Six pence British Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity over and above all Duties of Excife on such Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any A A or Ads in force in Ireland 00 or immediately before the pafling of this Ad.

4 III. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of 39 &40G. 3.

* the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in c*^7«

9 respect to the additional Duties by this Ad imposed on Spirits *° 9* 3* (L)

4 made in Ireland, additional Countervailing Duties should be 4 charged upon the like Spirits made in Great Britain, and re-4 fpedively imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to coun-4 tervail the said Duties on Spirits made in Ireland under this Ad ;*

Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, levied, Countervailing coMeded, paid and satisfied to and for the Ule of His Majesty, his Duty.

Heirs and Succeflbrs, on all such Spirits the Countervailing Duties following, over and above all Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon such Spirits, under or by virtue of any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation: that is to fay.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain from Corn or Graio, malted or unmaked, and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any time after the pafling of this Ad, the Sum of Six pence British Currency, and after the lame Rate for any greater or lets Quantity : And that for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, from Com malted or oomalted, and on which the Duty by this Ad granted and made payable thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and which Audi be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Counter* vising Duty imposed by this Ad upon Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain from Com or Grain malted or unmalted, and imported from thence into Ireland•

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall export Drawback

to any other Place than Great Britain Spirits distilled in Ireland from OH Esportarion. Com or Grain, malted or unmalted, on which the additional Duty iapofed by this Ad: shall have been fully paid and satisfied, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits a Drawback equal to the Duty by this Ad imposed on such Spirits made or distilled in Ireland / provided that all such Spirits shall be of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 aod which said Drawback shall be over and above all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad, in respect of such Spirits exported from Ireland to foreign Parts.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Six pence Duty chafed fer Gallon on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn malted aF««tW7t#

or

or unmalted, imposed by this Aft, shall be charged ofi every Diftiller

in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or distilled by such Distiller, or for which any Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, ascertained and charged in such manner and under such Regulations, Di rest ions and Provifioos as are contained 46 G.3. c.SS, in an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty** Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the regulating and /tearing the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the former Afts.	Warehoufing	of such Spirits for Exportation ; or in any Aft or Afts

for amending the said Aft, or in any other Aft or Afts for granting, regulating or securing Duties on Spirits diftiUed in Ireland from Coni or Grain; and that all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reflriftions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Re* covering thereof provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, as the fame are amended by any other Aft or Afts, or in any other Aft or Afts for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, shall be applied and put in Praftice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on such Diiiiller in respect of the laid Duty on Spirits under this Aft, and with respect to the warehoufing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all the laid Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reflriftions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and enacted in this Aft. Manner of	VI.	And	be	it further enacted, That whenever at any time after

Returnf the passing of this Aft, any Officer of Excife in Charge of any PiftilleraT* °° Diftiilery shall make any Return or Charge upon any Diiiiller of any Quantity of Spirits actually made and distilled by such Diftiller in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, over and above the Quantities with which such Diiiiller (half be chargeable in respect of each and every Still belonging to such Distiller, according to the Content thereof, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each mch Still, such Diftiller shall be charged with, and shall pay Duty for evci7 Gallon of such Excefs of Spirits at and after the Rate of One Half only of the Duty paid by such Diftiller on eveiy Gallon of all such Spirits for which such Diftiller shall have been chargeable, according to the Content of the Still and the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines at aforesaid; any thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; and such Officer shall render a Return of the Amount of Duty on such Excefs of Spirits, and Audi charge the Diftiller with such Duty after such Rate, and such Duty shall be paid in all respects in such manner, at such time, and under such Regulations, as is directed with respect to the Duty now payable by Law on such Spirits, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts i% force immediately before the passing of this Aft.

CAP.

V

A.D.i8i3*

S3’ GEO. HI.

353

C -95-

CAP. xcv.

An Aft to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. , [6th July 1813.*]

*	TT^HEREAS by an Ad patted in the present Sefiion of Par- 533* «-35»

*	V\ liament, intituled An Ad to alter and amendfeveral Ads 1 passed in His present MajeJIy's Reign, relating to the Redemption of

*	the National Debt ; and for making further Provifions in respect § 1.

*	thereof it wa9 enatted and declared, That, for the rurpofes of the

*	faid Ad, an Amount of Public Debt equal to the whole Capital of

*	the Public Debt, in perpetual redeemable Annuities, existing on

*	the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty

*	fix, should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged ; and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred, as therein men-

1 tioned, and (landing in the Names of the Commiflioners for the Re-dudion of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor and c Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament, by any Ad or

*	Ads of the present Sefiion, should or might direct, should be can-

*	celled in like manner as if the fame had been transferred to the faid

*	Commifiioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to the

*	Provifions of the several Ads thereunto relating, in order to make

*	Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public

*	Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other 4 manner for the Service of the present Year; and it was thereby

* further enacted, That whenever the Amount of the Sum to be	§ $•

4 raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner, which might create

*	an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the

*	prefeut or any future Year, should exceed the Sum which on the

*	Firft Day of February lhould have been or should be ellimated to 4 be applicable in the lame Year to the Redudion of the National

*	Debt, then atrikin every such case an annual Sum, amounting to 4 the One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by so much 4 only of the Monies raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner

*	as aforesaid, in the Year, as should be equal to the Sum so efiimated

*	to be applicable to the Redudion of the National Debt within the € fame Year, should be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the 4 Account of the said Commifiioners, in the manner directed by the

*	faid therein recited Ad of the Thirty second Year of His present.

€ Majesty; and with respect to the Excefs of the Monies which 4 might be so raised in any Year, by way of Loan, or in any other

*	manner as aforesaid, above the efiimated Sum applicable to the Re-

*	dudion of the National Debt within the fame Year, such an annual 4 Sum as should be equal to One-half of the Interefl of such Excess,

*	fhould be fet apart out of the Monies composing the Confolidated 4 Fund, and should in like manner be issued at the Receipt of the Ex-

*	chequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to 4 be by them placed to the Account of the said Commiflioners : And

*	whereas the Sum which on the First Day of February One thousand 4 eight hundred and thirteen, was efiimated to be applicable in the

*	prefent Year to the Redudion of the National Debt, amounted

*	to Thirteen millions and thirteen thousand nine hundred and four-4 teen Pounds : And whereas subsequently to the palling of the faid

53 Geo. III.	A	a	*	Ad*

53° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1R13.

* Aft, the Sum of Twelve Millions in Exchequer Bills has, in pur-53 G. 3. c.41.	*	fuance	of	an	Aft	of	the	prefent	Seflion	of Parliament, intituled An

4 Adfor granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, and for 4 raising a Sum of Money by Debentures, for the Service of Great

*	Britain, been subscribed into the Capital Stock of Annuities, ‘ bearing Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per 4 Annum, by which an Addition has been made to the Capital of the

*	Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, equal to the Sum of Thirteen

*	millions eight hundred and sixty thousand Pounds ; and in purfuance

53 G. 3. c.53.	*	of	another	Aft	of the present Seflion of Parliament, intituled An

4 Ad for raising a further Sum of Money by Debentures, for the Ser-

*	vice of Great Britain, and for granting Annuities t6 satisfy certain 1 Exchequer Bills, and for amending an Ad of this Sejfon of Portia* 4 ment, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills ; and 4 for raising a Sum of Money by Debentures, the Sum of Three millions ‘ seven hundred fifty five thousand seven hundred Pounds, in Ex-

* chequer Bills, has been subscribed into the Capital Stock of An-€ nuities, bearing an Intereft after the Rate of Four Pounds per 4 Centum per Annum ; by which a further Addition has been made

*	to the Capital of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, equal 4 to the Sum of Five millions two hundred and twenty thoufand

Si G.3.	*	another	Aft	of	the	prefent	Seflion	of	Parliament,	intituled	An	Ad

4 for raising the Sum of Twenty seven millions by way of Annuities, the 4 Sum of Twenty one millions for the Service of Great Britain 4 has been subscribed into the Capital Stock of Confolidated and

*	Reduced Annuities, bearing an Intereft after the Rate of Three € Pounds per Centum per Annum, and into Annuities for the Term

*	of Forty fix Years and Nine Months from the Fifth Day of 4 April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, by which a 4 further Addition has been made to the Capital of the Public 4 Funded Debt of Great Britain, in Three per Centum Reduced 4 Annuities, of Twenty three millions one hundred'ffloufand Pounds,

*	and in Three per Centum Confolidated Annuities, of Twelve 4 millions six hundred thousand Pounds, and an Addition to the 4 Annuities for Terms of Years of Eighty nine thousand two

*	hundred and fifty Pounds : And whereas the Charge in respect of

*	the said Sum ot Thirteen millions eight hundred and sixty thou-

*	fand Pounds, Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, and in respect of 4 One million four hundred and nine thousand three hundred and 4 Forty Pounds Nine Shillings and Two pence Halfpenny, Four 4 Pounds per Centum Annuities, Part of the said Sum of Five 4 millions two hundred and twenty thousand four hundred and

*	"twenty three Pounds, like Annuities, being the Addition to the 4 Public Funded Debt of Great Britain created by so much of the 4 said Sums in Exchequer Bills subscribed into Five Pounds per 4 Centum and Four Pounds per Centum Annuities as aforesaid, as is 4 equal to the Sum estimated on the said First Day of February 4 to be applicable to the Rcduftion of the National Debt within

*	the present Year, amounts (including the One hundredth Part of 4 the Capital Stock thereby created) to the Sum of Nine hundred

*	and fix thousand six hundred forty seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings 4 and Five pence Three Farthings : And whereas the Charge in rc-

*	ipeft of the Sam of Three millions eight hundred and eleven

4 four hundred and twenty three Pounds; and in pursuance of

< thoufand

355

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. III.	C.93,9<Ji

*	thoufand and eighty two Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine pence

*	Halfpenny, Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, being the Amount

*	of Capital Stock created in those Annuities by the Excefs of the 1 Sum subscribed in Exchequer Bills above the Sum eftitnated to

*	he applicable to the Reduftion of the National Debt within the

*	prefent Year, amounts (including the'Addition of One-half the

*	Intereft thereof) to the Sum of Two hundred twenty nine thou-

*	land eight hundred and eight Pounds Five Shillings and Six pence:

€ And whereas the Charge in respect of the said Consolidated and

*	Reduced Annuities, and Annuities for Terms of Years, as afore-r said, amounts to the Sum of One million seven hundred and eight c thousand six hundred twenty eight Pounds Seven Shillings and

*	Eight pence: And whereas the total Charge arising as aforefaid

*	amounts to Two millions eight hundred forty five thousand and

*	eighty four Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven pence Three

*	Farthings : And it is expedient to make Provifion for the faid

*	Charge, in the manner directed by the said first recited Aft Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Au-

• thority of the fame, That the Sum of Forty six millions eight Certain Sums hundred and eighty four thousand six hundred Pounds, Three Ending in Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, (landing in the Names Names of Com-of the Commifiioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, in National Debt, the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, cancelled; * shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and the' Sum of Forty seven millions eight hundred and ninety two thousand five hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, (landing in the Names of the said Commifiioners as aforesaid, shall, from and after the Tenth Day of Qdober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, be cancelled from those Days respectively : And the Intereft or Dividends which would Intereft or Divi-have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth refpetlively cease to dend* '*h,ch be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon p °Ual>je J^reon* the Confolidated Fund ; and the Money which would have been ap- to cease, and * plicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the Money appli-growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, for ca^'e 10 the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Addition made thereof or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the foi™ted°Fund.** present Year.

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. [6th July 1813.] < X Y7 HERE AS it its necessary that Provifion should be made for

*	W defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Re-‘ gular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia in Great 1 Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December

*	One thousand eight hundred and twelve Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

A a 2	That

35*5

Secretary at War to issue S' tn necessary for Pay o‘ Re-p lar and Local IV Hitia, and for Clothing accord-;toRateshere-iu mentioned.

$0G.3. c.a5.

Rate* of Pay to Serjeants, Corporals and 1 rummer*, when absent ouFur-j$h.

C. 9$.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia refpec-tively, in the manner and for the several Ufes hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed ; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mafter, where the Eftablifhment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he is appointed shall exceed Three hundred and sixty Private Men ; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quarter Mafter, where the Eltablifhment shall not exceed that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and S'ix pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid, and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed ; and also at the Rate of Three pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Ridine, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Seijeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Private Man; and that such Seijeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on conilant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the regular Eftablifhment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provifions of an Ad passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled sin Ad to amend several Ads relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Abfence, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those above mentioned ; that is to fay, every Seijeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And

A.D.i8i3*

530 GEO. in.

C.96.	,	3T7

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall he granted to the Allowance to Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia, ^ur*con5* when disembodied, a Sura of Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non Commifiioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the Period or Periods of Aflembly for annual Exercife or Training; and to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day’s Training for the fame Purpose, as also to the Surgeon of Regular Militia when disembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia refpc&ively, an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commifiioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commifiioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment,

Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Matter or Bat- Quaker Maftef talion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or nr Battalion Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutre- e°of^rms ments, Clothing, Neoeflaries and other Stores under the Superinten- ciotWnc° fcc.Tnd dence of the Colonel or Commandant ; and Hull, out of the Money to account Three hereby directed to be illued and paid for defraying the contingent times a Year Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time for contingent issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Money'

Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing flgned by the Colonel

or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be

drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid,

he shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all fuch

Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in Balance to form

his Hands; which said Balance shall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe Stock Pujrf«*

of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and transmit the fame to the

Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or

Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and flgned ; and the faid

Accounts so allowed and flgned, shall be and are hereby directed to

be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Mafter or

Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Difpofal of such Money.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Com- Pay to MHitia miflioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia and Local (when not em-Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the bodicd)* fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances fhall

only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Regular Militia or Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpofe of annual Exercife or Training, or when called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, exclusive of the Days of arriving at, and Departure from, and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercife 5 any

’ any A& or A&s of Parliament to the contrary notwith-

V. And be it further enacted. That all Sums of Money granted for Money for Pay, the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia &c.iflued under (when difembodied), and Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be issued Direction of Se-

Aa,

and creuryitWw.

3S«

C .96.	530	GEO.	m.	A.D.1813.

and paid under the Dire&ion of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

53	3*	c	43*	« VI. And whereas in pursuance of an Ad passed in the prefent

*	Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for increajing the Rates of

*	Subfijlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers^

1 certain increased Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders

*	and others on whom Non Commillioned Officers and Private Soldiers

53 O.3. c. 17.	« may, by virtue of an Ad patted also in the present Sefiion of Par-

*	liament for punishing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better € Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that

*	Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called

*	England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon € Tweed: And whereas the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers,

*	Drummers and Private Men of the said Regular Militia, if difem-

*	bodied, and the Local Militia, when called out to annual Exercife,

*	are required by Law to be quartered and billetted in Inns, Livery

*	Stables, Alehouses, Vidualling Houfes and all Houfes of Perfons

*	felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin by Allowance to « Retail ;* Be it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom Innholders. the said Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of

the Regular Militia (when difembodied}, or Local Militia, shall be so quartered and billetted, shall be entitled to and receive the fame Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer and Private Man so quartered and billetted upon them, during the time of their remaining attembled for Exercife as aforesaid, and under the fame Rules ana Regulations as such Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned A d for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the respective cases of their fumilhing them with Diet and Small Beer, or supplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said Ad for punching Mutiny and Defertion ; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to supply the necessary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and others : Provided always, that each of the Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men who shall be fumifhed with Diet and Small Beer as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money, as is or shall be contributed in the like case by the Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

Perfont Half VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person LoL^MUitia”	on	Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allow-

auyreceive Pay. ance 38 having served in any of His Majefty’s Foroes, or Navy or Marines, and Terving in the Local Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Subfiftence Money by this Ad directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quarter Matters, Surgeons ; and the receiving and taking any such Subfiftence Money by any such Field Officer* Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Quarter Matter, Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Halit Pay or such Allpwance; and fqch Perfog

v^oogle

359

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.Ill*	C.96.

A all take the following Oath before some Juftice of the Peace, who it hereby empowered to administer the fame :

] T A, B. do swear, that I had not between the

and the	any	Place or Employment of

€ Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allow-

*	ance of Half Pay as a Reduced	in	His	Majefty’s

Navy, [or, in the Marines,] [or, in	late	Regiment

of	,]	[or,	Allowance	as	in

*	late Troop of Horse Guards], [or.	Regiment of

Horse reduced,] save and except my Subfiftence [as a Field Officer,

*	Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant or Quarter Mailer, Surgeon,

€ as the case may bc~\, for serving in the Local Militia of the County ‘ of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath 5 any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Non Receiving Chel-Commiffioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, or Local sea Penfiom not Militia, entitled to receive any Chclfea Penfions or Allowance, shall t0 forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

* IX. And whereas Persons appointed to a& as Adjutants in the

•	Regular or Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered in-

•	capable of doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that some 4 Provifion should be made for them in Confideration of their former

•	ServiceBe it enacted. That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia Allowance to who shall have served faithfully either in His Majeiiy’s Regular Adjutants in Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of RegularMilitia, Thirty Yeare in the Whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served wh.°Ifr?m

as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, shall by Age or In- are u°to^rvs. firmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular or Local Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive 5 and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular or Local Militia: Provided also, that no such Allowance not Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of	Half

receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well a6 such Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Allowance to Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, shall have already ceafed	serv,?g

tod determined, or been reduced in its EftabUfhment, or shall cease as AdJutant5

A a 4	and

360

C. 96.

53

GEO. III.

A’D.1813.

Regiment*, &c. whole Ettablifh-mcnt is reduced.

Surgeons after 30 Years’ Service to receive

and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, during the Continuance of this A£t, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or from the time such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen : Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as Iafl aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

4 XI. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Surgeons in the * Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of 4 doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provifion 4 should be made for them in Confideration of their former Services ;* Be it enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years, shall by f Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive; aud the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty.

Receivers Gene- XII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding to Money** or ^acc England where the Regular Militia, or Local Militia, is required	or	fhall be raded> the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land

Tax for such County, Riding or Place respectively, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia, or Local Militia, is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivifion Meetings in England, at the Rites following*; that is to fay, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting ; and such further Allowance shall be made to such refpcAivc General and Subdivifion Clerks for their Expences aud Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia, or Local Militia, bj taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whole Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Bailot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every Ooc thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve; and also ibr

the

lowances to Clerks of General and Subdivi-(ion Meetings j

V

A.D.t$i3*	53‘GEO.III.	0.96.	361

the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationery nfed for the Putpofe of this Ad, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties,

Ridings, Cities or Places shall appear reasonable and proper; and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General* Meeting confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

XIII. And be it enabled, That the Receivers General in England wha ftullpro-fhall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Order for Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such receTn8 p*y-further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his ment* producing an Order or Orders for that Purpofe from His Majefty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants afTembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings their several Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, afTembled in the several Subdivifion Meetings; which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpofe or Purpofes the said General and Subdivifion Meeting or Meetings have been afTembled and held, together with the Clerk’s Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the Receivers General in England respectively a sufficient Difcharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivifion Meetings for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ad in Scotland, shall be paid and defrayed in the fame manner in which Scotland. Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Ad patted in the Forty second Year of the Reign of 42 G. 3.0.91. His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to raise and ejlabltjb a Militia § 171.

Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be Stamp Duty on lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and Commiffions in he is hereby required to repay any Sum of Money which may have Militia been paid tor the Stamp Duty on any Commiffion of any Officer in repaj

the Local Militia, under such Regulations and in such manner a9 the	^

Secretary at War shall appoint.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders Bills, Sec. drawn drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia (when dif- for Pay, Sec. embodied), or Local Militia, under this Ad, may or shall be drawn "eed 0,1 upon unftamped Paper 5 and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be ampc PaPir* void by reason of being so drawn or written on unftamped Paper.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity $j0 peei. whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant

or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Ad.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That all Penalties and where Penalties Cofls and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any sued for.

Person or Persons is or are by this Ad made answerable, may and

shall be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft-

ninjtcrt

L.

3<J»

C. 96,97.

53. GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

38 G.3. c. 89* 4 xi6.

I Ml.

GUSk Makers may deliver from entered Ware-houfes Muriate of Potafh to be used in making of Alum.

minfier, or in Hie Majefty’e Court of Exchequer in Scotland* accord* ing as the case may require, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no EfToin, Wager of Law or Proteftion, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

CAP. XCVII.

An Aft for allowing Glafs Makers to dispose of Muriate of Potafh arising in the Manufacture of Flux for Glass, for use in the Manufacture of Alum, and for charging a Duty of Excife thereon.	[7th	July 1813.]

WHEREAS by a Claufe in an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commiffioturs of Excife, Makers of Glafs m Great Britain are allowed to take Rock Salt from any Ware-houfe belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine or Pit, for the Purpofe of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, upon Bond or Security being given that all such Rock Salt shall be really and truly emploved, spent and consumed in the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass; and by another Claufe in the said Aft* Glafs Makers and all other Perfona are prohibited from using such Rock Salt or any Part thereof, or any acid Materials to be produced therefrom, after being used in the making of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, for any other Purpofe than that of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass: And whereas for the Purpofe of using the fame in the Manufafture of Alum it is expedient* under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Pro-vifions hereinafter in that Behalf contained, provided, fettled and eilablished, to allow Glafs Makers to deliver from any such Work-house, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place entered as in the (aid Aft is mentioned by any Maker or Makers of Glafs as being intended to be made use of in, or for the making or keeping Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, the Muriate of Potaih arising from the Manufafture of any such Rock Salt by any such Glalf Maker into Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs Be it therefore tnacted, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Glafs in Great Britain to deliver from any such Work-house, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place, entered by any such Maker or Makers of Glass, to any Maker or Makers of Alum, any Muriate of Potafh for the Purpofe of being used in the Manufafture of Alum, upon Bond or Security being given by such Maker or Makers of Alum, in Double the Duty of such Muriate of Potafh, that all such Muriate of Potafh shall be really and truly emploved, spent and consumed by such Maker or Makers of Alum in the Manufafture of Alum ; wnich Bond or Security shall he dif-charged, upon the said Maker or Makers of Alum, or his or their Agent or chief Workman, making Oath before the Colleftor of Excife of the Colleftion in which the Alum Works to which such Muriate of Potafh shall be permitted, shall be situated (which Oath such Colleftor fc hereby authorized and empowered to admuifter),

that

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.IIL	C.	97*	363;

that all the said Muriate of Potato, for which such Bond or Security toail have been given., was made use of in the Manufa&ure of Alum there, and for no other Purpofe whatsoever \ and the Supervifor or Officer of Excife, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Alum toail then be, at the fame time certifying his Belief of the Truth of the Matters sworn to by such Maker or Makers of Alum, or his or their Agent or chief Workman.

II* Provided always, and be it further enacted. That before any Alum Maker* to Maker or Makers of Alum toail be permitted to receive, or to have	Entry of

delivered for him, her or them any such Muriate of Potato, such ^

Maker or Makers of Alum toail make true and particular Entry in 'n8 ° * Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place, by him or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the keeping of Muriate of Potato, and in and for the using thereof in the Manufacture of Alum, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place refpeCtively toail be situate ; and any Maker or Makers of Alum toail receive or have delivered to or for him, her*or them any such Muriate of Potato, without haviug first made such Entry as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers of Alum so offending toail, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Muriate of Potato Penalty, which toail at any time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse,

Storehouse, Room or other Place, by such Maker or Makers of Alum, made use of in or for the keeping of Muriate of Potato,

\yhereof no such Entry as last aforesaid toail be made.

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth DutyonMori-Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, there toail ateofPoulh. be raised, levied, collected and paid to and for the Ufe of His Majesty,

his Heirs and Succeffors, a Duty of Excife of Twenty Shillings for every Ton Weight of Muriate of Potato delivered by any Maker or Makers of Glaftj for the Purpofe of being used in the Manufacture of Alum.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Duty under A£k imposed as toail arise in that Part of Great Britain called England Commiffionen toail be under the Management of the Commiifioners of Excife in of England for the time being; and such thereof as toail arise in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland toail be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Delivery of Pot* Maker or Makers of Glafs toail have Occafion to deliver any Muriate aft. Notice to of Potato from any such his, her or their entered Workhouse, Ware- Officer, house, Storehouse, Room or other Place, to or for any Maker or

Makers of Alum, for the Purpofe of using the fame in the Manufacture of Alum, such Maker or Makers of Glafs toail give previous Notice, in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excife under whose Survey such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place toail then be, by the Space of Two Hours, of his, her or their Intention so to deliver such Muriate of Potato as aforesaid, and toail specify in such Notice the Day and the Hour of the Day, when he, toe or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such Muriate of Potato, and the Quantity thereof which he, toe or they intends or intend so to deliver, with the Chriffian and Surnames of the Maker or Makers of fiUph to or for whon the ii so iatewfed to bo delivered, and

the

364

■97-

53' GEO. III.

A.D.181 j.

Officer* to keep Account of Delivery of Muriate of Potafti.

Semples taken by Officer.

Penalty.

Permits granted for the Removal of Muriate of Potafh.

the Place at tvhich H16, her or their Alum Works at which the fame is so intended to be delivered are situate, and by what Conveyance the said Muriate of Potafh is intended to be removed; and thereupon such Officer of Excife who shall be ordered by the proper Supervifor of Excife so to do, and who shall not have any other necessary and unavoidable Employment at the time, shall attend, weigh and take Account of all the Muriate of Potafh so to be delivered, and shall make a just and true Report and Return thereof to the Commiffioriers of Excife in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may require, or to such Person or Persons as they the said refpe6tive Commissioners, or any Three or more of them respectively shall appoint or employ to receive the fame, and such Report or Return shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Glafs.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no such Muriate of Potafh shall be delivered out of or from any Workhouse, Warehouse, Store-house, Room or other Place belonging to or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Glass, for the Purpofe or under any Pretext of being used in the Manufa&ure of Alum, or shall be afterwards delivered or received at any Alum Works, or at any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or Place belonging to or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Alum, but in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, who shall make and keep an Account in Writing, containing the true aud real Weight or Quantity of the Muriate of Potafh so delivered out or from any such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place belonging to or made use of by such Maker or Makers of Glass, and so delivered or received at any such Alum Works, or Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place belonging to or made use of by any such Maker or Makers of Alum as aforesaid, together with the Day on which the fame shall be so delivered out, and so delivered and received respectively as aforesaid; and which Account so to be made and kept shall also contain the Name of the Maker or Makers of Alum to whom the Muriate of Potafh therein mentioned was delivered, and for the Ufe of what Work or Works for the making of Alum, and to whom belonging.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife, and all such Officers are hereby authorized and empowered to take, at any time or times, a Sample or Samples of anv Muriate of Potafh, or other Materials alledged or pretended to be or palling under the Denomination of Muriate of Potafh, at any time in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Maker or Makers of Glass, or in the Cuftody or PofTcffion of any Maker or Makers of Alum, paying for the fame (if demanded), the Value thereof; and in case any Maker or Makers of Glass, or any Maker or Makers of Alum, shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers to take any such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their paying for the fame (if demanded), such Maker or Makers of Glass, or Maker or Makers of Alum, so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and Iofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Maker or Makers of Glafs shall have Occafion to remove any Muriate of Potafh from afty such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place by him, her or them entered as being intended to be made use of for the making or keeping Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, the

Officer

A.D.i8i3*

530 GEO. III.

C.97,

36S

Officer or Officers of Excife of the respective Divifions or Places where such entered Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place shall be situated, shall, without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Requeft Note being made and delivered by such Maker, or Makers of Glass, according to the Dire&ions of this A6t> grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity of all such Muriate of Pota(h so to be removed, and expressing the Name and Names of the Person or Persons from whom the fame is intended to be removed, and to whom the fame is to be removed, and that the Duty for or in respect of such Muriate of Potaffi so intended to be removed has been paid; and all Officers of Excife granting or giving any such Permit, shall therein limit and express the time within which the said Muriate of Potaffi in such Permit mentioned shall be removed from the Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place of the Maker or Makers of Glafs taking out such Permit, and also the time within which the said Muriate of Potaffi shall be delivered and received into the Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place of the Maker or Makers of Alum to whom the fame is permitted to be font.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That no Permit for the Removal Note fpecifyinj of any such Muriate of Potaffi shall be granted, or be valid, unless certain Particu-fucb Maker 01 Makers requiring the fame shall make and fend or deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excife hereby authorized to grant grtntej, such Permit, a Requeft Note in Writing, specifying the Name of the Maker or Makers of Alum to whom such Muriate of Potaffi is intended to be sent, the Quantity of such Muriate of Potaffi intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such Permit is required.

containing the fame, and whether	_	4

Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance such Muriate of Potaffi is intended to be sent.

X.	And be it further enadfed. That no Muriate of Potaffi shall Muriate of Pot-be brought into any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room asti admitted into or other Place made use of by any Maker or Makers of Alum,

without an authentic Permit granted and given according to the wjt'h^t Pennit. Directions of this A6t, which Permit shall be produced to and left penalty, with the Officer of Excife under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Alum shall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all such Muriate of Potaffi so brought in without such Permit.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and On Receipt of Makers of Alum shall, within Six Hours next after any such Muriate Muriate of Pot-of Potaffi shall be received or delivered at or into any Workhouse, Notice to Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place to him, her or them cer* belonging, give to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey he, (he

or they shall then be. Notice in Writing of the Receipt and Delivery thereof 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Alum shall negledf or refuse to give any such Notice, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in case in the Muriate of Decreafeof ilb. Potaffi brought in to be used, stored or deposited, at any such Alum in a 100 «1-Work or Works, for the Purpofe of being used in the Manufacture iowcd*

of Alum, any Decreafe shall be found exceeding the Rate of One Pound in every One Hundred Weight of such Muriate of Potaffi

and also the Number and Contents

fpecified

fpecified in the Permit which shall accompany the fame, the Maker or Makers of Alum to whose Ufe or to whose Account the said Muriate of Potaih was so delivered at such Work or Works as afore-Penalty.	said, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Maker of Glaf* XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and ofMuna1eCofUIU ^^er8 Glafs ffiaM respectively Daily and every Day enter in a Potaih delivered Book, or on a Paper to be provided for that Purpose, an exact and to Alum Works particular Account of each and every Pareel, Quantity or Load and return fame of Muriate of Potaih, and the Weight thereof fold, delivered or sent to Excite. out by such Maker or Makers of Glass, with the Name of the Maker or Makers of Alum to or for whom every such Quantity of Muriate of Potaih was so fold, delivered or sent out, and the Place where his, her or their Alum Works at which the fame is to be or was delivered, and such Book or Paper shall be returned to the next Office of Excife every Six Weeks, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall be then and there verified upon the Oath of such Maker or Makers, or his, her or their chief Workman or Agent, before the proper Col-ledor or Supcrvifor of Excife, and the several and refpedivc Col-ledors and Supervifors of Excife are hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath accordingly ; and in case any such Maker or Makers of Glafs shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book or Paper, or to make such Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or shall neglect or refuse to return the fame as hereinbefore directed, or to verify the said Entries or any of them upon Oath, such Maker or Makers of Glafs IbaD, ^ t	for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One

PeMlty-	hundred	Pounds.

Duty cleared in XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Maket • certain time, or Makers of Glafs shall, within One Week after he, she or they fhaD have or ought to have made such Entry upon Oath as last aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for and in respect of Muriate of Potaih, which shall be due from him, her or them respectively ; and that every such Maker or Makers of Glass, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence Penalty.	Double	the	Sum of the said Duties, whereof the Payment shall be fo

negleded as aforesaid.

Officert may at aV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to all times enter and for the Officers of Excife, or any or either of them, from time Prcnuft*'	to time and at all times, by Day and by Night, upon his or their

Requell or Demand (but if in the Night then in the Prefence of a Conflable or other lawful Officer of the Peace), to enter into all and every the Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms and other Places made use of by any Maker or Makers of Glass, or by any Maker or Makers of Alum, in or for the storing or keeping of Muriate of Potaih, or any other Matter or Material alleaged or pretended to be or passing under the Name or Denomination of Muriate of Potaih, and by weighing or otherwise to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Muriate of Potaih or other Matters or Materials alledged or pretended to be or passing under the Name or Denomination of Muriate of Potaih, which shall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any such Maker or Makers of Glass, or of any such Maker or Makers of Alum, a lei and	XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or

Wdchts pro- Makers of Glass, and all and every Maker and Makers of Alum,

shall,

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.	C.	97.	3	6f

shall, and he, (he and they refpelively is and are hereby required vided, to take to provide and keep proper, sufficient and just Scales and Weights Account at the Place or Places where he, (he or they respectively shall have riatCjg0f potaftw" or keep any Muriate of Potalh, and shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a fit and proper Hook or Staple in a proper Place, to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife of the Divifion or Diftri& in which such Place shall be situate, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame, for the Purpofe of weighing and taking an Account of the Muriate of Potato which shall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffefiion of any such Maker or Makers of Glass, or Maker or Makers of Alum respectively ; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glass, or any such Maker or Makers of Alum, shall neglect or refuse to provide or to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a (it and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place, to be approved as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame as aforesaid, or if any such Maker or Makers of Glass, or any Maker or Makers of Alum, shall, in the weighing of any Muriate of Potalh, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust or insufficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Art,

Device or Contrivance by which any such Officer or Officers shall or may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of auy such Muriate of Potalh; then and in every such case such Maker or Makers of Glass, or Maker or Makers of Alum (as the case may be), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, together with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weights reipe&ively.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Mnkers to alfift Makers of Glass, and all and every Maker or Makers of Alum, shall, Officer*in taking when and so often as he, (he or they shall be thereunto required by the ^£c?Vnt of proper Officer of Excife, with a sufficient Number of his, her or their e,g l* Servants, aid and alfift to the utmost of his, her or their Power, fuch

Officer or Officers in weighing and taking an Account of his, her or their Muriate of Potalh, on rain of forfeiting for every Negleft or Refufal thereof the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons RemovingMurW shall take, remove or carry away any Muriate of Potalh, with Intent ate to evade

to evade the Duty by this A & imposed, every Person so offending Duty*

shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all the Muriate of Potalh Penalty, so taken, removed or carried away shall be forfeited.	/

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That in case any Muriate of Concealing Potalh shall be deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the

Duties by this A6t imposed, such Muriate of Potalh shall be forfeited, and shall and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Person or Persons in whole Cuftody the fame shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and, the better to enable Penalty, such Officer or Officers to discover such Muriate of Potalh so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have Caufe to suspect that any such Muriate of Potalh shall be so deposited, hid or concealed in any

Place

]

3<S8

C.97.

53

GEO. III.

A.D.1813-

Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, if such Place or Places Shall he within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excife in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Jullice or Juflices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where such Place or Places Shall be, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Juflice or Juflices of tne Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Divifion or Place where such Officer or Officers shall fufpett the fame to be depnsited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Juflice or Juflices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under bis or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night-time, then in the Prefence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place aud Places where he or they shall so fufpeCl such Muriate of Potafh to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Muriate of Potafh which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited.

Muriate of Pot- XX. And be it further enabled, That in case any Maker or Makers alh from Glat's Qf Alum, to whom or to whofc Ufe or on whose Account any such Muriate of Potafh shall be delivered from any Workhouse, Warc-house, Storehouse, Room or other Place belonging to or made ufeef by any Maker or Makers of Glafs ; or in case any other Person or Persons shall make use of or employ such Muriate of Potafh, orar.y Part thereof, to or for any Ufe or Purpofe other than in the Manufacture of Alum, or shall, after any such Muriate of Potafh, or any Part thereof, shall have been used in the Manufacture of Alum as aforesaid, make use of or employ the Rejiduum, Caput mortuvm} or any Remains thereof, for any other Purpofe than in the Manufacture of Alum, the Maker or Makers of Alum, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Queflion shall arise, whether any Substance, Matter or Material, Subfiances, Matters or Materials, which shall be seized as and for Muriate of Potafh, forfeited under or by virtue of this A6t, be Muriate of Potafh, the Proof of such Subllance, Matter or Material, Subfiances, Matters or Materials, not being Muriate of Potafh, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enafled, That in all cases where any Officer or Officers of Excife is or are authorized, empowered or required to afeertain the Quantity of Muriate of Potafn by Weight, no less Quantity of such Muriate of Potafh shall be weighed at one Draft than an Hundred Weight j and every such Officer or Officers, in the weighing any Muriate of Potafh, shall give the Turn of the Scale in Favour of The Crown, and in lieu thereof shall make an Allowance at and after the Rate of Five Pounds Weight in every Half of a Ton of such Muriate of Potafh.

XXIII. And

in Manufacture of Alum.

Penalty.

Proof of Muriate of Potalh to lie on OMiner.

How Muriate of Potafh weighed.

A.D.iRi3«	53°	GEO.	III.	C.97.	369

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Obftnifting whatsoever ffiall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder ,any Oficeit. Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Aft, or of

any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any* such Officer or Officers, or ffiall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers ffiall have seized any Muriate of Pptaffi, or any Substance, Matter or Material, Substances, Matters dr Materials, as or for Muriate of Potaffi forfeited under or by virtue of this Aft, rescue or cause to be rescued any such Muriate of Potaffi, or Substance, Matter or Material, Subftance3, Matters or Materials, or ffiall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Per-fons so offending ffiall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	Arid be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Bribing Officers, fons whatsoever ffiall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence &c*

or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excife, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Aft or Afts, thing or things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution	*

of this Aft, or to neglect to do or perform any Aft or Afts, thing or things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Bufinefs or Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Aft, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Regulations by this Aft prescribed, or not to discover the fame; all and every the Person or Persons so offending ffiall, for each and every such Offence (whether such Offer or Propofal be accepted or not), forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever oiafs Maker*nr being a Glafs Maker or Alum Maker, or who is or ffiall be in any Alum Maker* wife intcretled or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of making or ,,ct to ait a* dealing in Glafs or Alum respectively ffiall, during such time as he, Iu lce**

(he or they ffiall be so interested or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of making or dealing in Glafs or Alum, aft as a Jullice of the Peace in any matter or thing whatsoever, which ffiall in any wife concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Aft ; and if any Person or Persons ffiall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or to do any Aft hereby authorized to be done by any Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace, all such Afts so executed or done by such Person or Persons, ffiall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures imposed by this Aft, shall be sued for, recovered, levied rtCOVC1,2d* or mitigated by such means, ways or methods, as any Fine, Penalty

or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjl-mirtjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, ffiall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who ffiall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Former Afts ev Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeiture, Claufess, Matters tended to Aft and Things which in and by an Aft, made in the Twelfth Year of 11 Car,if *4

53 Geo. III.	B	b	the

L.

the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majelty's Revenue of Excife, are provided or established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby imposed, or any of them, shall be practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excife by this Ad imposed, and for preventing, deteding and puniQiing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this present Ad.

Commencement XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this A€t Ihall commence and take Effed as to all such matters and things herein con* tained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

cap. xcvm.

An Ad for the more correct Afcertainment of the Value of Duty-free'Goods exported.	[7th	July	1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that Provilion Ihould he made for 4 VV obtaining correct Accounts of the Value of the Exports of 4 Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce or Manufadure 4 of the United KingdomBe it therefore enacted by the King's Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Vroprictor t.Q de- Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, °fficer fr°ni and after the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred Sijecificat?on*of	thirteen,	on	or	before	the	Shipment of any Goods, Wares or

Quantity, Qua- Merchandize whatever, of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure lity and Value of of the United Kingdom, not liable to Duty on Exportation from Goods afeertain- Great Britain, the Exporter or Proprietor shall deliver or cause to «d as diretled by delivered to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, a separate Bill, c,x^' containing the true and accurate Specification of the Quantity, Qua* lity and Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, afeer* tained by the Declaration of such Exporter or Proprietor, or bis known Agent or Fador, before the proper Officers ot the Cuftoms, in the fame manner and form, and under the like Rules and Regulations as are prescribed and directed by an Ad of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing the several Duties of Cvjloms and Excife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with. the other Duties compofng the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandises* the Produce and Manufadure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the ReduSion of the National Debt ;* with respect to Goods, Wares and Merchandizes subject to the Payment of Duty upon being

exported

V

L.

A.D.i8i3*	J3°GEO. III.

exported: And it shall and may be lawful for the Searchers, or Officers may fby other proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, to detain and make Good* until De-ftay of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, until such feparate	Spccu

Bill shall be delivered to them, containing theaforefaid Specifications. 3

II.	And be it further enacted, That if upon the Examination of Officers empow-fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize,Jit (half appear to the Searchers ere<l to demand or other proper Officers of the Cuftoms, that the fame have not been *nv,licc < r °*her truly ana accurately valued according to the Price thereof at the Document*

Port of Exportation, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or

Officers, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required* to call for the Production of the Invoice and Bills of Pareels, or such other Documents relating to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as they may think necefiary to afeertain the real and true Value; and the said Exporter, Proprietor or Factor, is hereby required to produce the fame: And if it shall appear to such Officer or Officers that In what case Et* any false Valuation has taken place, the Exporter Or Proprietor, or F°5tcro* I5ro-his known Agent or Fador, is hereby required to make Declaration F,etor t0 of the Value de novo before the proper Officers as aforesaid, con- Vaiu^de^iovo. formable with the true and real Value of such Goods : And it shall jnwhat cafc be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to detain and officers may make (lay of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, until such De- permit Goods to claration de novo shall be made: Provided always, that if at the fie exported on time of making the Entry for the Exportation of such Goods, Wares c5rta,n handler Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of the t,onf*

United Kingdom, the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Fador, mall not be able to afeertain the Contents, and the true and real Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the proper Officers of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation, to permit such Exporter or Proprietor, Agent or Fador, to ship and export such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize, upon his previously making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuftoms (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer), that such real Value and Specification of the Contents cannot then be ascertained; and that within Three Months from the Date of Entry he will cause the separate Bill and Declaration hereinbefore required to be delivered to the proper Officers aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if the Exporter or Proprietor Exporter,&c.not of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or his known Agent or Fador, delivering Do-(hall not deliver such separate Bill and Declaration within the time claratioa. hereinbefore limited and directed 5 or shall not produce the Invoice

or Sills of Parcels for such Goods, Wares or Merchandize ; or shall knowingly make any false Declaration of the Value or Contents of any fuen Goods, Wares or Merchandize, either at the time of the first Entry thereof, or after the fame have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation 5 every such Exporter, Agent or Fador, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the said Penalty of Twenty Penalty hovr Pounds imposed by this Ad, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or recovered, mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any

Law or Laws of Cuftoms, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, One Moiety Scotland.

•f such Penalty to be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sueceffors, *

B b 2	and

C.98.	371

37*

J , G. 3. c.17.

Sio.

Commisding Officers *nay •fTemble Court* Martial for trying Offenders.

Court* Martial so aflemMed, may trv and pu-nifh Offenders.

Sentences to be confirmed.

0.98,99.	53°GEO.	III.	A.D.18^3*

and the other Moiety to be paid to him or them who /hall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

CAP. XCIX.

An Aft: for the more speedy and effectual Trial and Pumfhment of Offences committed by Soidlers, detached in Places beyond the Seas, out of His Majcfty’s Dominions.

[7th July 1813.]

‘ TT 7 HERE AS by an Aft passed in the present Sellion of

*	V V Parliament, intituled An A3 for punishing Mutiny and € Defertion; and for the belter Payment of the Army and their € Quarters, it is enacted, that General Courts Martial to he held 4 in Places beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, may

*	confift of any Number not less than Seven : And whereas it is

*	expedient to amend the said Aft, and to provide that fuch

*	General Courts Martial may conlift of a less Number than Seven, 4 in the cases hereinafter specified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent •f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afferobled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Officer commanding any

' Station, or commanding any Division, Brigade, Detachment or distinct Party, belonging to any Army of His Majesty, which may at any time be serving in any Place beyond the Sens out of His Ma-jefty’s Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences, done or committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Refident in any such Countries, by any Non Commiftioned Officer, Soldier or other Person serving with or belonging to His Majefty’s Armies in the Field, being under the immediate Command of any such General or other Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a Court Martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers at the least, for the Purpofe of tiying any such Person or Persons accused or suspected of having committed any such Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences as aforesaid, notwithstanding such General or other Officer shall not have received from His Majesty, or from any Person having His Majefty’s Authority in that Behalf, any Warrant or Warrants empowering such General or other Officer to summon or assemble Courts Martial.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Court Martial so assembled under the Authority of this Aft shall have Power to try any such Person or Persons so accused or suspected as aforesaid, and to adjudge any such Person or Persons to suffer any such Puniffi-ment, as by any Aft for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defertion which may be in force at the time such Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences, shall have been committed, or by any Article or Articler of War issued by His Majesty under the Authority of any such Aft, shall be prescribed for any Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences, with which any such Person or Persons shall be charged before such Court Martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of such Court Martial assembled under the Authority of this Aft, shall be executed; until the General commanding in Chief any Army, of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment or Party, to which any Person so tried, conviftcd and adjudged to fuffer

Puaifhmeut

Punifhment shall belong, shall haye approved and confirmed the fame.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Court Co irts Martial Martial assembled under the Authority of this Aft fhajl have such to summon and and the fame Powers for summoning and examining Witnestes, and examine Wit-WitnefTes guilty of Perjury on Examination before them shall be fub- p* r^‘ry jest and liable to the fame Penalties and Punifhments, as by any J Law or Ufage belong to any Court Martial authorized by Law ; and the Sentence of such Court Martial acting under the Authority Sentences under of this Aft shall, after such Approval ar.d Confirmation as afore- Authority of said, be equally valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been pronounced by any Court Martial lummoned,	*

affembled and acting under any Aft or Afts of Parliament heretofore made or now in force respecting Courts Martial.

CAP. C.

An Aft for facilitating the making up and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Foroes, for the Years One thousand eight hundred and five, One thousand eight hundred and fix and One thousand eight hundred and seven; and for enabling the said Paymafter General to accept Foreign Bills of Exchange, payable at the Bank of England.	[7th July	1813.]

4 YT7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Forty fifth Year o^ 4* G.3. c.jt*

4 VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to repeal an 4 A3 made in the Twenty third Tear of His present Majessy, for the 4 better Regulation of the Office of Paymajler General of His Majcjly’s 4 Foroes, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the 4 ptore cjfcQually regulating the said Office; it was, among other things,	$

4 directed in what manner the annual Account of the Paymafter 4 General of His Majefty's Forces should be made up, commencing 4 from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight 4 hundred and four; and in what manner the fame when made up	4	g.

4 should be transmitted to the Ccmraiflioners for auditing the 4 Public Accounts, and by them examined and presented for Decla-4 ration, and how the said Paymafter General should be acquitted • thereof: And whereas in an Aft passed in the Forty sixth Year 46G.3.c. 141. 4 of His said Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 for making more 4 ejfcBual Provifion for the more speedy and regular Examination and 4 Audit of the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, certain Provifion9 5 8.

4 are contained by which the Delivery of other Accounts applicable 4 to the Service of each Year or Period are required to be furniftied 4 by all Accountants : And whereas an Aft was passed in the Forty 48	G.3. c.4^

4 eighth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for 4 accelerating the making up, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of 4 the Paymafter General of His Majejly’s Foroes, whereby, among 54.

4 other things, a different Mode was prescribed for making up the 4 said Annual Accounts, and for transmitting and declaring the fame,

4 and acquitting the said Paymafter General thereof: And it wa3 § 6.

4 further enacted, that the said Paymafter General should make up 4 a separate Annual Account for Monies paid by his Deputies on 4 Foreign Stations, and that the said last mentioned Account should 1 be transmitted to the said Cemmiflioners, so far as the fame could

B b 3	4	be

C. ioo#

Paymasters General to make up their Account! for the Years 1805. 1806 and 1807,a reeahle to 48 G.3. c.49.

Account* trans. mitted to Cora-midion' i s for Public Accounts.

45 O.J. C.58.

I *

53* GEO. III.	A.D.	1813,.

*	be made up within Eighteen Months after the Period of the fame 4 Account, and should be examined and declared, and an Acquittance

*	thereon made out. as in the said last mentioned A& is mentioned:

*	And whereas great Difficulty has occurred in making up for Exami-4 nation and Audit the Accounts of the said Paymafter General, for

*	the Years ending on the Twenty fourth Day of December One

*	thoufand eight hundred and five, One thousand eight hundred and

*	fix and One thousand eight hundred and seven, under the Provifions

*	of the said Adis of the Forty fifth and Forty sixth Years aforesaid 5

*	and it is expedient that the said Accounts for the said Three Year* 4 should be made tip in the Mode prescribed by the said recited A€t 4 of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid ;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, rrhat it shall and may be lawful for the several Pay matters General of His Maje(ly’8 Foroes, who held the said Office during the Three Years above mentioned, to make up their several and refp^dlive Accounts in the fame Mode as is by the said recited Adt of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid prescribed with respect to the Accounts of the said Paymafter General for the subsequent Y ars, as well with regard to Monies paid by the Deputies of the said respective Pay matters General on Foreign Stations or otherwise 5 and that the said Cora-miffioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall examine or cause to be examined the fame, and shall dilcharge the said respective Pay-mafters General thereof, and prepare the fame for Declaration ; and that the said Accounts shall be declared, and a Quietus or Acquittance thereon shall be made out in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Adt of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid had taken Effedt from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four ; any thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty fifth and Forty sixth Years aforesaid to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Accounts to be made up under this Adi, shall be made up and transmitted to the said Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, with as little Delay a* possible, after the palling of this Adi.

4 III. And whereas by an Adi passed in the Forty fifth Year 4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal an Ad 4 made in the Twenty third Tear of His present Majejlyx for the better 4 Regulation of the Office of Paymajler General of His MajeJly’s Foroes,

*	and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the more 4 ejfedually regulating the J'aid Office; it is, among other things,

4 enacted, That the Paymafter Gei-eral of His Majefty’s Forces lor 4 the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Ptr-4 for.s in his Office duly authorized by the said Paymafter General,

4 shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-4 land, for all Army Services whatever by Drafts signed by him 4 or his Deputy, or the Person or Pcrfons so authorized, and shall 4 specify in every Draft the particular Head of Service to which 4 the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied ; and that no Draft of

*	the said Paymafter or his Deputy, or the Person or Pcrfons autho*

4 rized as aforefiid, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said 4 Governor and Company, unless the fame shall specify the Service

4 for

* 375

A.D.i8i3*	530GEO. III. C. ioo, ioi, 102.

*	for which it is drawn, and shall be actually paid by the said Gover-

*	nor and Company: And whereas it is expedient to enable the (aid

*	Paymafter General to make his Acceptances of Bills of Exchange € drawn upon him for Army Services, by his Deputies on Foreign € Stations, payable at the Bank of England Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for the said Paymafter General for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office, duly authorized by him, to accept all Bills drawn for Army Services upon the said Paymafter General for the time being, by any Deputy Paymaster, or Affiftant Deputy Paymafter of the Forces on any Foreign Station, and by such Acceptance to make such Bills payable at tne Bank of England, provided that the particular Head of Service to which the Sum in every such Bill of Exchange mentioned is to be applied, be specified either in the original Bill, or in the Acceptance thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company to pay every such Bill of Exchange so accepted, and that every such Bill of Exchange so accepted, being actually paid by the said Governor and Company, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company for the Sum therein mentioned ; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. CL

An Aft to dissolve the Corporation of the Royal Canal Company in Ireland; and to appoint Commiflioners for enquiring into and examining the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company, and other Matters relating to the said Company 5 and to provide for carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.	[7th July 1813.]

cap. cn.

An Aft for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

[loth July 1813.3

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the occasional Afts which have from time to time pa (Ted for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, and the Difcharge of many Prifoners for Small Debts by charitable Donations, great Numbers of Persons generally remain confined for Debt in different Prifons in England; and it is therefore expedient to make a permanent Provifion for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, under certain Reftriftions :* Be it enacted by the King*s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a fit Person, being a Barrifter at Law, of Six Years (landing at the lead, to be His Maiefty’s Com-miffioner for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and to preside in a Court to be called u The Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors,” which shall be a Court of Record for the Purpofes of this Aft 5 and that when and as soon as the Appointment shall have been notified in the London Gazette, such Court shall be deemed to be fully constituted and efta-bhfhed ; and thereupon it shall be lawful for every Person who fhall

B b 4	bt

Paymafter Gen e-ral empowered to accept Foreign Bill? ofExchange, payable at Bank of England.

Commiftioner appointed by Hi* Majesty to pre-tide in a Court, to be called “ The Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtor**' Prifoners in Cuftodyfor

Three Monuto,

to apply to such Court by Petition.

Schedule of Debts and Ef-

M«i ftc. annexed to Petition.

be a Prisoner in any Prifon in that Part of the United Kingdom called England\ upon any Procefs whatsoever issuing from any Court what-soever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who shall have been in a6tual Cuftody upon some Procefs for some or one of the (aid Debts or Demands during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, to apply by Petition in a summary way to the Court to be established by virtue of this Ad, for his or her X)ifcharge from such Confinement, according to the Provifions of this Ad ; and in Inch Petition such Piifoner shall (late the Prifon wherein such Prisoner shall be then confined, the time when (uch Prisoner was first charged in Cuftody, or received in Prifon upon some Procefs on which he or (he shall then be detained in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Profecution such Prisoner shall, at the time of presenting such Petition, be detained in Prifon, and the Amount of the Debts or Sums of Money for which such Prisoner shall be so detained, and shall pray to be discharged from Cultody upon all such Process, and to have future Liberty of his or her Person against the Demands for which such Prisoner shall be then in Cuftody, and against the Demands of all other Persons who shall be named or specified as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner in the Schedule annexed to such Petition, and such Prisoner shall by such Petition offer to convey, afiign and deliver to such Person or Persons as the Court shall direct, for the Payment of such Debts and Sums of Money respectively, from which such Prisoner shall seek to be discharged, all such Property as such Prisoner shall possess or have in his or her Power as hereinafter ex-prefied ; the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for such Prisoner, and his or her Family, and Working Tools and necessary Implements for his or her Occupation or Calling, and other small Necelfaries, not exceeding in the Whole the Value of Twenty Pounds only excepted ; and shall also offer to engage to pay so much of all such Debts and Demands respectively as shall be justly due from such Prisoner to such Creditors, and as shall not be discharged by means of the Property so to be conveyed, assigned and delivered in case such Prisoner shall,* at any time thereafter, become possessed of sufficient Means for such Purpose; to which Petition shall be annexed a Schedule, containing a full and true Defcription of all and every the Person and Persons to whom such Prisoner shall then be indebted, or who to his or her Knowledge or Belief shall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, with the Nature and Amount of such Debts and Claims respectively, distinguishing such as shall be admitted from such as shall be disputed by such Prisoner; and also a full, just, true and perfccl Account and Difcovery of all the Eftates and Efifeds, Real and Perfonal,in PofiefTion, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, of every Nature and Kind whatsoever, which such Prisoner, or any other Person or Persons in Truft for such Prisoner, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, in any manner whatsoever, shall have been or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, or which such Prisoner, or any Person or Persons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit, shall have had or shall have anv Power to dispose of or charge for the Benefit or Advantage of such Prisoner at the time when such Prisoner was fir ft committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody for any of the Debts or bums of Money

C. 102.

377

A.D. 1813.	53^ GEO. III.

for which such Prisoner shall then be detained in Cuftody, or at any time subsequent to that time, before and on the Day on which the Truth of such Schedule shall be sworn to by such Prisoner as herein directed ; together with a full, just, true and perfect Account of all Debts at such time owing to such Prisoner, or to any Person or Per-fons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, either solely or jointly with any other Person or Persons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debt shall be or shall have been due or owing, and of the Wit-nefles who can prove such Debts as shall remain due (if any such there shall be), so far as such Prisoner can fet forth the fame, and in what manner any such Eftates or EfFeds, Real or Perfonal, of such Prisoner shall have been applied or disposed of since the time when such Prisoner shall have been so first committed to Prifon or charged in Cuftody as aforesaid ; and which of such Eftate or Effeds, or any of them, shall have been in any manner conveyed, assigned, disposed of, charged or incumbered in any manner whatioever, and when and in what manner, and for what Confideration, and to whom, and for whose Benefit, and which of such Eftates and Effeds shall, at the time of swearing to such Schedule, be applicable to the Difcharge of the Demands of his or her Creditors; and such Schedule shall also fully and truly deferibe the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of such Prisoner, and his or her Family, and the Working Tools and Implements, and other small Neceffaries intended to be excepted by such Prisoner from the Aflignment proposed by the* said Petition to be made by such Prisoner as aforesaid, together with the Values of such excepted Articles refpedivel'y ; and such Prisoner shall make Oath of the Truth of such Petition and Schedule to the following Effed, or with such Variations, according to special circumstances, as shall be confident with the Provilions of this Ad :

*	T A. B, upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty 4 * God, do solemnly swear and declare, That on the

4 Day of	I	was	really	and truly a Prisoner in

4 the actual Cuftody of	in the Prifon or Gaol

4 of	at	the	Suit of

4	for	the Sum of	[as the case may

4 be~\t without any Fraud or Collufion whatever; and that I have ever

*	fince been and now am a Prisoner in	iu	the	adual

* Cuftody of the Keeper or Gaoler of	['at the 4 case may he]y or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of

*	and of	[as the case may be]],

*	without any Fraud or Collufion whatever 5 and that I have not 4 taken the Benefit of any Ad of Parliament made for the Relief of 4 Insolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years now last past,

4 and that 1 have not had at any time since I was committed to 4 Prifon, or charged in Cuftody by the faid

f as aforesaid, any means whatsoever of discharging the Demands of 4 the faid	and	of the other Perfons

4 named or described as my Creditors, or as claiming to be my Cre-4 ditors, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and subscribed by me,

4 except the Eftates and Effeds mentioned in the said Schedule ;

4 and that I have not now any means of discharging such Demands,

4 except so much of the said Eftates and Effeds as still remain appli-

4 cable

Form of Oath of Truth of Petition and Schedule.

378

C. 102.

53° GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

cable for that Purpose, at expressed in the said Schedule; and that all the Eftates and Effe&s which I have disposed of since I was so first committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody, have been necessarily expended by me for the Maintenance of myself and Family, and for Law Charges and other unavoidable Expences during my Confinement, and in Payment of just Debts due and owing by me before or since the faid	Day	of

when I was first committed to Prifon or detained in Cuftody, at the Suit of the faid

as aforesaid ; and that the said Schedule doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full, just, true and perfett Account, and Bifcovery of all the Eftates and Effe&s, Real and Perfonal, in Pofleffion, Reversion, Remainder or Expe&ancy, and of every Nature and Kind soever, which I now am, or which any Person or Persons in Truft for me, or for my IJfe, Benefit or Advantage, now is or are seized, poflfefled of, interested in, or entitled unto, or which was or were in my PofTeffion, Cuftody or Power, or in the PofTeffion, Cuftody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or any Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage at the time I was so first committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody by the faid

as aforesaid, or at any time since that time, and of all Debts owing to me or to any Perlon or Persons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, either solely or jointly with any other Person or PerfonB, and of all Securities and Contrads whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue or might have accrued to me or my Ufe, or to any Person or Persons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, at the time I was so first committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody as aforesaid, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Perfor.s from whom such Debts are or-were due and owing, and of the Witnefles who can prove such Debts or Contra&s as remain due or unperformed, so far as I am able to fet forth the fame, and that neither I nor any Person or Persons in Truft for me, or for my Ufe and Benefit, to my Knowledge or Belief, have or has any Land, Money, Stock or other Ellate or Effeds whatsoever. Real or Perfonal, in PofTeffion, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, or of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, or any Power of disposing of or of charging for my Benefit or Advantage any Property whatsoever, other than such as are in the said Schedule contained or expressed, except the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and the necessary Implements for ray Occupation and Calling, and other small Ncceffaries, not exceeding in the Whole the Value of Twenty Pounds, mentioned and described in the said Schedule, and intended to be excepted from the Affigument intended to be made by me ; and that I have not, nor hath or have any Person or Persons for me, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed or disposed of in Truft or otherwise, except as hereinbefore expressed, or in any manner concealed any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contracts, Eftates or Effe&s, Real or Perfonal, whereby to secure the fame for my own Benefit, or whereby I may receive or expt& to receive any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or

4 with

*	with any Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors

*	to whom I am or was indebted in any wife howsoever.

So help me GOD.*

And the (aid Oath shall and may be administered to such Prisoner by such Court, or by any Officer of such Court appointed by such Court for that Purpose, or by a Juftice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place in which such Prisoner shall be detained in Cuftody, and the said Petition, and Schedule and Oath, shall be nefpe&ively subscribed by such Prisoner, in the Prefence of the Person by whom such Oath shall be adminillered, who shall certify the Subscription thereof respectively by such Prisoner } and such Petition Schedule and Oath shall be filed in the said Court, which Court shall thereupon name a Day for hearing the Matter of such Petition 5 and a Copy of such Petition, Schedule and Oath shall be Served on the Several Person or Persons who shall be Specified in such Petition as the Person or Persons at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be then detained in Cuftody, or on his, her or their Attorney or Solicitor, in the Action or A&ions, Suit or Suits, in respect of which such Prisoner shall be so detained, together with a Copy of the Order of the Court upon such Petition, Twenty Days at the least before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of such Petition, by delivering fnch Copies respectively to such Person or Persons respectively, or leaving the fame with the Wife, Clerk or Servant of such Person or Persons respectively, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode ; and Notices in Writing that fnch Petition had been prefen ted, and such Schedule and Oath filed in the said Court, together with a Copy of the Order on such Petition, shall be served in like manner on all and every the Person or Persons named or described in the said Schedule as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of the said Prisoner, and against whose Demands such Prisoner shall Seek to be discharged, or on the Attorney or Solicitor of any Creditor, in any Aftion or Suit brought against such Prisoner for the Demand of such Creditor; and such Service fhaO, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, be proved on Oath to the Satisfa6tion of the Court.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the said Court, that the Creditors of such Prisoner, exclusive of those at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be then detained in Cuftody, are so numerous, or their Refideoce so remote, that the Expence of Serving such Creditors with Notice of the Application of such Prisoner for nis or her Difcharge, would be so confiderable that such Prisoner might be unable to procure Such Service, to be duly made in manner hereinbefore directed, or that for any other reason it will be fit, in the Judgment of the said Court,, to dispense with such Service, with respect to all or any of such Creditors, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order that Notice of the Petition of such Prisoner for his or her Difcharge may, instead of being served on such Creditors respectively, be mferted in the London Gazette, and in such Two or more Newfpapers as the said Court shall direct, and in such Form of Words as the Said Court shall approve, Twenty Days at the least before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, and that mch Notice shall be deemed Sufficient Notice to the Creditors named or described therein 5 or to substitute some other Mode of Notice, which in the Judgment of the said Court may

1Z	appear

Court, or a Juf-tice to administer Oath.

Copy of Petit ion. Schedule and O-ith, delivered to every Creditor.

If Creditors numerous, Notice i tferted in London Gazette, and in Two or more Newfpapers, as Court shall d'.reCl.

C. 102.

Infertion of Advertisements, 3*.

Sump Duty.

Court may proceed where Notice not given in London Gazette, &c. if Creditors cannot be found.

Previous Refi-dence out of the Kingdom.

53* GEO, III.	A.D.	1813.

appear reasonable ; and upon such Notice so given to the Satisfa&ion of the said Court, it fhali be lawful for the said Court to proceed on such Petition with respect to all such Creditors as shall be named, or described in such Notice, in the fame manner as the said Court might have done if such Creditors had been respectively served with Notice as hereinbefore directed.

III.	Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That the Sum of Three Shillings and no more shall be paid to any Printer or Proprietor of any Newfpaper for the Infertion of any such Advertifement aforesaid ; and all Printers and Proprietors of Newfpapers are hereby required to insert the fame on the Payment of the said Sum of Three Shillings for the Infertion thereof; and that no such Advertifement shall be liable to the Payment of, or be chargeable or charged with the Payment of , any Stamp or other Duty whatsoever.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it. fhali be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that any of the Persons required to be served with such Petition, Schedule, Oath, Order or Notice, is or are beyond the Seas, or cannot be found, so as to be served with such Petition, Schedule, Oath and Order, as required by this Aft, and the said Court fhali not think fit to order Notice to such Persons to be inserted in the London Gazette and such Newfpapers as aforesaid, or to substitute any other Mode of Notice, it fhali be lawful for the said Court to proceed upon the said Petition not with (landing such Defeft in the Service thereof ; but in such case such Prisoner fhali not be in any manner discharged from the Demands of the Person or Persons who fhali not be so served, or with respect to whom such Notice shall not be given in the London Gazette and such Newfpapers as aforesaid, or in such other fubllituted Mode of Notice as fhali be approved of by the said Court, unless such Person or Persons shall appear before the said Court and oppose the Dif-charge of such Prisoner, or consent to the Proceeding of the Court, not with (landing any such Defeft of Service.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Pri-foner seeking the Benefit of this Aft fhali within Two Years before he or (he fhali seek the Benefit of this Aft, have resided in any Place or Places out of the United Kingdom, and fhali during such Refi-dence have contrafted in such Place or Places any Debt from which he or she fhali seek to be discharged by virtue of this Aft, such Prisoner fhali not be difchafged under the Authority of this Ad from any such Debt, without the Confent of the Perlon or Persons to whom such Debt fhali be due, unless such Prisoner fhali at the time of such Application be in actual Cuflody for such Debt, or shall be actually sued, or fhali have been sued in some Court o| Law or Equity in England for the fame ; in any of which cases Notice of the Application for the Difcharge of such Prisoner fhali be given to the Creditor or Creditors so detaining in Cuflody or suing or having sued such Prisoner, or to the Attorney or Solicitor employed in the Aftion or Suit then depending for such Debt or Debts, or to the Attorney or Solicitor employed in any Suit for such Debt or Debts before inflituted but not depending, if the Court to be established by virtue of this Aft fhali think fit to allow of Service on such Attorney

or Solicitor, instead of personal Service on such Creditor or Creditors.

C. 102.

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

381

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Hearing ofPeti-Defeft in the Service of such Petition, Schedule, Oath or Order, it J,ons maX shall be lawful for the said Court from time to time to allow further ^rett of Ser-time for fucU Purpose, and to make an Order or Orders for adjourning vice#

the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, in the whole or with respect to any particular Person or Persons, to give Opportunity for such Service; and in case the said Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, together with such further Order or Orders, shall be duly served according to the Provifions of this Aft, on the Person or Persons not before duly served T wventy Days before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of the said Petition on any such further Order, it shall be lawful for the said Court to proceed on such Service, as the said Court miriit have done if the said Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, had been duly served according to the Provifions before contained in this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Day appointed 9.	Pe"

by the said Court for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, or mayoppofc. upon such subsequent Day as the said Court shall appoint for fuch

Purpose, the said Court shall cause such Prisoner to be brought before the said Court, or before such Person or Persons as the said Court shall direct, according to the Provifions of this Ad, to be examined touching the Truth of the Matter contained in the said Petition and Schedule; and any of the Creditors of such Prisoner, and any of the Persons named or described in such Schedule, as claim ing to be Creditors of any such Prisoner, and any Person or Persons not named or described in such Schedule, who shall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, shall be at Liberty to oppose such Petition, and for that Purpofe to put such Queftions to tuch Prisoner as the said Court shall think fit, touching the Matters contained in such Petition and Schedule, and touching such other Matters as the said Court shall be of Opinion it may be fit and proper that such Queftions should be put for the due Execution of this Aft, and such Prisoner shall answer all such Queftions upon Oath ; and	not

in case such Prisoner shall not so answer all such Queftions to the Satisfaction of the said Court, or in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court from such Anfwers as shall be given by such Prisoner or by Evidence, that such Prisoner is not entitled to the Benefit of this ACt, then and in such case such Court shall so declare, and shall remand such Prisoner to Cuftody :

Provided always, that in case such Court shall entertain any Doubt touching any Matter alleged against such Prisoner to prevent his or her Difcharge, or touching the Examination of such Prisoner, it shall be lawful for such Court to remand such Prisoner to Cuftody, and afterwards to cause such Prisoner to be again brought up for Examination as often as to such Court shall seem fit.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Court may order the said Court shall fee fit, it shall be lawful for the said Court to PrilWrs to be order that any Prisoner, instead of being brought before the said ®xam*ne<J Court for Examination, for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, shall inSeffior^^out from time to time be examined on Oath as Occafion shall require, 0fSeffion,Ac. touching any Matters for the Purpofes of this Aft, by one or more ot which Notice of His Majefty's Juftkes of the Peace for the County, Riding, && be given. Divifion or Place, within or near to which such Prisoner shall be

detained iu Cuftody, either at a General Scffion of the Peace, or any

Adjournment

38a

C.I02.

^3“ GEO. in.

A.D.1813*

Certificate.

Stamp Duty.

Fee*.

Adjournment thereof, or out of Session, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to take such Examination pursuant to such Order; and such Notice shall be given of the Time and Place to be appointed for such Examination as the said Court to be established by virtue of this Aft, shall direct $ and such Prisoner shall, according to such Order, be carried before the Person or Persons appointed thereby to examine such Prisoner, for which such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant; and such Prisoner shall answer upon Oath all such Queftions as shall be put to such Prisoner pursuant to such Order ; and the Person or Persons taking such Examination shall certify to such Court the Examination of such Prisoner, and all Matters relating thereto, as such Court shall direct; and such Court shall proceed upon such Certificate in such manner as to such Court shall (eem just ; and such Examination or Certificate, or either of them, shall not be liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever; and the Clerk of the Peace or other Officer of such Sefiions, or the Clerk of such Juftice or Justices, shall be paid for every such Examination after the Rate of Four pence for every Folio, for taking and swearing or affirming the fame; and the further Sum of Two pence for every Folio For such Certificate, and procuring the Signature of the Justices thereto, and fair Copy of such Examination to return with such Certificate, and no more; and each of such Folio shall contain not less than Seventy two Words.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Per-Tons claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors ,pf any Prisoner, shall oppose the Petition of such Prisoner for his or her Difcharge, such Person or Persons, although not duly served with such Petition, Schedule, Oath or Order as aforesaid, shall be considered as having had due Notice thereof, and the Name or Names of such Person or Persons shall be added to the said Schedule by the said Court, either at a Creditor or Creditors, or as claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner.

X.	And be it further enacted. That in case the said Court shall be of Opinion that such Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, then and in such case the said Court shall so order and adjudge, and shall in such Order specify the several Creditors and rerfons claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall appear to have been duly served with Notice of such Proceedings, as required by this Aft, or with respect to whom Notice shall appear to have been given in the London Gazette and other Newfpapers, in pursuance of the Order of the said Court for that Purpose, or in such other manner as the said Court shall direct, or who shall have appeared before the said Court, and opposed the Difcharge of such Prisoner, or consented to the Proceeding of the Court with respect to their Demands, notwithstanding any Defeft of Service of such Notice ; and the said Court shall in such Order also specify the several Persons again It whose Demands such Prisoner shall be deemed

Mimedfand'En- ^7 Court entitled to be discharged by virtue of this Aft ; and *	fuch	Court shall appoint a proper Person or proper Persons to be

Affignee or Aflignees of the Eftate and Effefts of such Prisoner, for the Purpofes of this Aft, and shall order proper Conveyances and Affignment8 of such Effete and Effefts to be made by such Prisoner according to this Aft, together with an Engagement to be executed

*7

Chiming to be Creditors nut duly served with Notice, to be added to Schedule.

Court so to adjudge where they are of Opinion Prifon-ers are entitled to Benefit of Aft, Ice.

gagements en tered into for Payment of Debts not Catis-fied.

C. 102*

3*3

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.	IIL

by fiich Prisoner to pay so much of the just Debts and Demands of the several Persons again ft whom such Prisoner shall by such Court be adjudged entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, as shall not be paid out of the Eftate and Effects to be conveyed and assigned by such Prisoner for such Purpose, in case he or (he shall at any time thereafter be enabled to pay such Debts and Demands, or to pay such Part or Parts thereof as he or (he shall be able at any time to pay ; and shall also order all Books, Papers and Writings, in the Cuftodv Book*,&c! of or Power of such Prisoner, relating to the Eftate and Effeds of Prisoner deli-fuch Prisoner, and the Demands of his or her Creditors, to be vercd UP* delivered on Oath to such Aflignee or Affignees, or otherwise to be disposed of as such Court shall direct 5 and upon the due Execution Prisoner dif-of all such Conveyances, Alignments and Engagements as aforesaid, charged, but and Delivery of such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, as fnch Court shall direct, such Court shall order such Prisoner to be future Eftate. discharged from Cuftody, and Judgment shall thereupon be entered in such Court against such Prisoner in pursuance of such Engagements as aforesaid, which Judgment shall and may, if the said Court shall so order, be executed against the future Eftate and Effeds of such Prisoner, Real and Perfonal, as the said Court shall direct, and shall bind the A (Pets of such Prisoner, Real and Perfonal, in the Hands of his Heirs, Executors and Admiuiftrators, for the full Amount of the Debts and Demands aforesaid, which shall remain unsatisfied, or so much of such Debts and Demands a9 the said Court shall be of Opinion ought to be satisfied, and Execution shall be had upon such Judgment in such and the fame manner as Execution may be bad upon a Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench nevertheless, according to the Orders of the Court to be eftablilhed by virtue of this Ad, and in conformity to the Provi-fions in this Ad contained.

XI.	Provided always, and be further enacted, That in case any Copyhold at Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad, shall be Cuftomary entitled to any Copyhold or Cuftomary Estate, the fame shall be fa^«nder-furrendered or conveyed by such Prisoner according to the Cuftom of e t0 gncc*’ the Manor of which such Eftate shall be holden, either to the Aflignee

or Affignees of the Eftate and Effeda of such Prisoner, or to any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftate from such Aflignee or Affignees, as the said Court shall direct, and the Rents and Profits thereof shall be in the mean time received by fnch Aflignee or Affignees for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Lord or Lords of the Manor of which any such Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftate shall be holden.

XII.	And whereas Prifoners discharged by virtue of this Ad may be entitled to Annuities for their own Lives, or other uncertain Interests, or to reversionary or contingent Interests, or to Property under such Circumstances, that the immediate Sale thereof for Payment of their Debts may be very prejudicial to them, and deprive them of the Means of Subfiftence which they might otherwise have after Payment of their Debts ; and it may be proper in some cases to authorize the railing of Money by way of Mortgage for Payment of the Debts, or Part of the Debts of a Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Ad, and defraying Expences attending the Execution of this Ad, instead of felling the Property of Fuch Prifoner

for

3*1

Sale of Annuities or contingent Interns rertrnined by Court.

C. 102.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.t8ij

Court may on Complaint of Creditor, within One Year, avoid D.(charge of Prisoner, on being fttisfied that he obtained hi* Dif-charge fraudulently.

for such Ptfrposes; Be it enacted, That in all such cases, it shall be lawful for the said Court to take into Confideration all circumftar.cei affecting the Property of any Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Aft, either at the time of the Difcharge of such Prisoner, or at any subsequent time ; and if it shall appear to the said Court, that it would be reasonable to make any Special Order touching the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Court so to do, and to direct that such Property as it may be expedient not to fell, or not to fell immediately, according to the Provifions of this Aft, shall not be so fold, and from time to time to order and direct in what manner such Property shall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner, until the fame can be properly fold, or until Payment of all such Creditors according to the Provifionsof this Ad, and to make such Order touching the Sale or Difpofition of such Property as to the said Court shall feern reasonable, confidermg the Rights of the Creditors of such Prisoner to Payment of their Demands, and the future Benefit of such Prisoner after Payment of his or her Debts, and upon such Terms and Conditions with respect to the Allowance of Intereft on Debts not bearing Interect, or other circumstances, as to the said Court shall seem just ; and if it shall appear to the said Court that the Debts of such Prisoner can be discharged by means of Money raised by way of Mortgage on any Property of such Prisoner, instead of raising the fame by Sale, it (hail be lawful for the said Court so to order, and to give all necessary Direft ions for such Purpose, and generally to dirc& all things which may be proper for the Difcharge of the Debts of such Prisoner in such manner as may be molt confident with the Interefts of such Prisoner, in any Surplus of his or her Effefts after Payment of such Debts.

XIII.	Provided always, and he it further enacted, That in case any Creditor against whom any Prisoner shall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Aft, shall within One Year after the Date of the Order for such Difcharge, apply to the said Court to avoid such Difcharge as improperly obtained, and upon such Application it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that such Prisoner has acted in any manner fraudulently in obtaining such Difcharge, or has wilfully concealed aHy of his or her Ellate or Effefts by not specifying or not properly specifying the fame in such Schedule as aforesaid, for tne Purpofe of depriving the Creditors against whom he shall have obtained such Difcharge of the Benefit thereof, it shall be lawful for such Court to declare the Difcharge so obtained by such Prisoner null and void; and it shall thereupon be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner against whom such Difcharge shall have been obtained, to proceed against such Prisoner as if such Difcharge had not been obtained, such Creditor or Creditors relinquilhing all Benefit of the Affignment of the Eftate or Effefts ot such Prisoner which shall remain unapplied by the Afiignee or Aflignees appointed under this Aft ; and any of such Creditors who mall have detained such Prisoner in Cuftody at the time of such Difcharge shall be at Liberty to apply to such Court to remand such Prisoner again into Cuftody on the fame Pro* cess from which he or (he had been so discharged ; and such Court shall have Power to remand such Prisoner accordingly, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Commiffioncr of the laid Court,

j	which

boogie

A.D.1813.

S2° GEO. m.

C. 102.	3®$

which Warrant shall be executed br an Officer of the said Court to be appointed for such Purpose, and shall be sufficient Authority for the Arreft and Detention of such Prisoner, upon theProcefe from which such Prisoner wai before discharged; and so much (if any) of the Eftate or Effc&s of such Prisoner a* shall then remain in the Hands of the Affignee or Affignees thereof, after paying all the just Charges and Expences of such Affignee or Affignees to be allowed by the (aid Court, shall be reconveyed or re-affigned or paid to such Prisoner as the (aid Court (hail direct 5 but so much of such Eftates and Effe&s as shall have been before applied in Payment of the Debts of such Prisoner, shall be retained by the Creditors who shall have received the feme in Part of their respective Demands, excepting only the Creditor or Creditors who shall apply to the Court to avoid such Difcharge, who shall repay the Dividend or Dividends received by him, her or them respectively, to the Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and EfFe&s of such Prisoner, before such Order, declaring inch Difcharge null and void, shall be delivered out by the said Court.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Whcnitfhall That in case any Prisoner who shall have been discharged by virtue aJpcaf,t.° Court of this A6k, (hail become able to pay all or any Part of the Debts

due from him or her, and against which he or (he shall have obtained lajncd Difcharge such Difcharge, after a reasonable Allowance for the Maintenance	that	he i*	able te

of such Debtor, and his or her Family, and Payment of his or	pay	his Debt*,	«

her Debts, contracted after such Difcharge, or to which such Dif-charge did not extend, it shall and may be lawful for any Creditor or	^	"

Creditors against whom he or (he shall have obtained such Difcharge, g to apply to the Court for Liberty to proceed against such Debtor, notwithstanding such Difcharge ; and in case it shall appear to the Satisfa&ion of such Court, that such Debtor is of Ability to pay such Demand, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for (ucn Court to revoke such Difcharge either wholly or upon Payment of such Sum or Suras of Money for the Benefit of the Persons against whom such Difcharge shall have been obtained, either in gross, or by Several Payments, as to such Court shall appear reafbnable, or to permit Execution to be taken out on the Judgment entered up in such Court upon the Engagement of such Prisoner, for such Sum of Money as the said Court shall think fit, to be distributed rateably amongst the Creditors entitled under such Engagement, and such Proceedings shall and may be had according	;

to the Difcretion of the said Court from time to time, until the whole of the Debts due to the Several Persons against whom such Difcharge shall have been obtained, shall be fully paid and Satisfied, together with such Cofts as such Court shall think fit to award:

Provided always, that in case any such Application shall appear to Vexatious Ap-the Court to be ill founded and vexatious, it shall be lawful for potions, the Court not only to refuse to make any Order on such Application, but also to difmils the feme, with such Cofts as to the Court shall appear reasonable.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person who Allowance for a shall, at any time after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from Difcoyery of Pr-the Date of the Appointment of any Affignee or Affignees of the ^c\shJ'ftfateS,X Eftate and Effe&s or any Prisoner under the Authority of this Ad, Appointment of voluntarily come and make Difcovery of any Part of such Prisoner** Affignees.

53 Geo. III.

Cc

Eftate

38 6

C. 103.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Pifclofurc of Eftitc of Prifon-er Six Months after Dil'charge.

Penalty.

Os Prisoner dying leaving Afltts fu icient, Creditors may apply to Court to proceed on Judgment filtered intoon his Engagement to pay Debts not felitiiad.

EfUte not fpectfied in the said Schedule and not before come to the Knowledge of the Aflignee or Aflignees of such PrifonePs Eslate, either to the said Aflignee or Afligneet or the Commiffioner of the said Court, shall be allowed Five Pounds per Centum, sod such further and other Reward as the said Aflignee or Afligneet, or the major Part in Value of the Creditors of fucn Prisoner present at any Meeting of the said Creditors, shall think fit, to be paid out of the net Proceeds of such Prifoner'a Eflate which shall be recovered on such Difcovery, which shall be paid to the Person or Perfoni so di(covering the fame by the said Aflignee or Aflignees, who shall be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who hath or have accepte4 or shall accept any Truft or Truftt, or shall be possessed of and wilfully conceal or prated any Eilate Real or Perfonal, of any Prisoner who shall be discharged under the Authority of this Ad, and knowing such Difcharge, shall not, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Difchaigt, disclose such Truft and Eflate in Writing, either to the Aflignee or Aflignees of such Prisoner* s Eslate, or to the Commiffioner of the said Court, and fubxnit himself, herself and themselves to be examined touching the famfr on Oath before such Commissioner, or before such Person being a Juftice of the Peace as he shall appoint, if thereunto required, and truly discover and disclose the fame and all Particulars thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and Double the Value of the EfUte whether Real or Perfonal so concealed, to and for the Ufe of the Creditors of such Prisoner, to be recovered by A&ion of Debt in any of His MajeftyU Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Aflignee or Aflignees of such Prisoner, or of any One of his, her or their Creditors who shall first sue for the fame, with full Cofti of Suit.

XVII.	And be it further enatied, That in case any Prisoner who shall have been discharged by virtue cf this Adi, shall die leaving Afleta Real or Perfonal, after Payment of all his or her Debts, exclusive of the Debts from which such Prisoner shall have obtained such Difcharge, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons entitled to so much of such Debt or Debts, from which such Difcharge shall have been obtained as shall remain unpaid, to apply to the said Court for Liberty to proceed on the Judgment entered in the said Court on the Engagement of such Prisoner, in order to obtaiu Payment of so much of such Debt or Debts as shall then remain due as aforesaid, and such Court shall make such Order thereupon as shall be just; and the Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators of such deceased Priloner shall apply the A (lets in his, her or their Hands according to such Order, but without Prejudice to the Demand of any other Creditor or Creditors of such dectafed Prisoner, all of which shall be first paid or satisfied: Provided always, that in case it shall at any time be made appear to such Court, that the Eflate or EfFeds of such Prisoner, conveyed or assigned under the Authority of this Ad, would have been sufficient, if carefully and properly managed, to have satisfied all the Debts from which such Prisoner bad been discharged, or to have fatfsfied a larger Proportion of such Debts than shall have actually been paid therewith, then and in any such case such Court shall not authorize any further Proceedings againft

fuch

L,ooq Le

C. 102.

'3«7

A.D.r8i$«	530	GEO.	III.

such Prisoner, or his or her Afleti, except for so much of the Debts of* such Prisoner as could Dot have been satisfied out of the Eftate *nd Effeds so conveyed and assigned in case the fame had been carefully and properly managed and rendered productive for the Difcharge of such Debts: Provided also, that in no case Intereft shall be allowed on any such Debt from the time of such Difcharge until the said Court shall order that Intereft shall again run upon Debts bearing Interect, which shall be wholly in the Difcretion of the laid Court as hereinafter provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Eft ate, Right, Title, Intereft and Truft of every Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad, of, in and to all the Real Eftate as well Freehold as Copyhold or Cuftomary, and of, in and to all the Perfonal Estate, Debts and Effeds of every such Prisoner, shall immediately from and after the Order of such Court as aforesaid for the Difcharge of such Prisoner, be and the fame are hereby vested in the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall, by the Order of the said Court, be directed to be conveyed and afiigued as aforesaid, in case such Person or Persons shall consent to accept the fame 5 and the Conveyance and Aflignment which shall be made in Purfuance of such Order shall be without Stamps, and shall, together with this Ad, be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofe8 whatsoever, to vest the Eftate and Effeds therein com-prifed in the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall, by Order of such Court, be directed to be conveyed and ailigned as aforesaid, Ids, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, according to the Eftate and Intereft which the Prisoner had therein, and every such Conveyance and Aflignment shall be in Truft for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner against whom such Prisoner shall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad, in respect of and in Proportion to the Debts iuftly due to them respectively; and every Person and Persons to whom any such Aflignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be Occalion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and obtaining FofleQion of any Eftate or Effeds of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Power vested in or created for the Ufe and Benefit of any such Prisoner, and to give such Difcharge and Dif-charges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Prisoner, as may be requisite: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate, Intereft or Right whatsoever, of any Person or Persons, other than such Prisoner, expedant upon or lubjed to any Eftate or Inter* Ik of such Prisoner so vested in such Afiignee or Aflignees as aforesaid, hot that the Estate, Intereft and Right wliatioever of every other Person and Persons shall continue and remain and be feeured to him, her and them respectively, in the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Aflignee or Aflignees as aforesaid shall, with all convenient Speed, after his, her or their accepting such Aflignment or Conveyance, life his or her or their b?ft endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and Effed9 of every such Prisoner, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Eftate and Effe6ts of

C c 2	fuch

Intereft.

Eftate of Prifon-ers vested in Per-tbns to whom fame by Order of Court shall he directed to be conveyed in Truft for Benefit of Creditor*.

Provifo.

Alienees to get in Eltate anti Ef. fed a rf Prisoner, and m ike Dividend to Creditors at the End cf Three Months, &c.

383

C* I02<

SyGEO.in.

A.D.iSij.

such Prisoner vetted in such Affignee or Affignee*; and if such Prisoner shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, cither in Pofleflion, Reversion or Expe&ancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after such Affignment and Conveyance, shall be (old by public Auction, in such manner, and at such rlace or Places, it the major Part of the Creditors of such Prisoner entitled to the Benefit therect, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gaxctte, and in some daily Paper printed and published in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, if the Prisoner, before his or her going to Prifon, redded in London, or within* the Bill* of Mortality; and if such Prisoner redded eMewhere, ihen in some printed Newfpaper which shall be published and generally circulated in or near the County, Riding, Dividon, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Prisoner redded before ne or lie was committed to Prifon, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his, her or their Hand or Hands, approve; and every such Affignee or Affignees, at the End of Three Months at the farthest from the time of his, her or their accepting any fach Affignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, and so from time to tine as Occadon shall require, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Prifoner’s Eftate and Effe&s which shall have been then recovered amongst such Creditors of such Prisoner, from wbofc Demand such Prisoner shall have obtained a Discharge as before mentioned, in Proportion to the Juft Debts due to them re-fpedively ; but before any such Dividends shall be made, filch Affignee or Affignees shall make up an Account of such Prifooerif Ettate, and make Oath in Writing before an Officer of the said Court to be appointed for that Purpose, or before One or none Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Dividon, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Affignee or Affigaers shall rcftde, that such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Ettate and Effe&s of every such Prisoner got in by or for fach Affignee or Affignees, and of all Payments made in relped thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account chatted were truly and Iona Jide made and paid, which Account so fwom shall be filed with the proper Officer of the said Court, and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at least before such Dividend shall be made 5 and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend until he shall hart made due Proof of his or her Debt, by Oath, before some fach Juft ice or Justices of the Peace 5 and if such Prisoner, or his or her Affignee or Affignees, or any Creditor of such Prisoner, shall obieA to any Debt so claimed, the fame shall be examined into by the said Court, who shall have Full Power for that Purpose, to require and Bt>ok%&c. pro- compel the Produ&ion of all Books, Papers and Writings which may be necessary to be produced, as well by the Person or Pcrfons claiming such Debt, as by the Prisoner against whom the fame shall be olaimed, or his or her Affignee or Affignees, and to examine all such Persons and their Witnefles on Oath, as the nature of the case may require, and to take all other Meafures necessary for the doe Inveftigation of such Claim ; and the Decifion of the said Court upon such Claim shall be concluflvc with refpcdf tetany Dividend of the Effects of such Prisoner under the ProviJions of this A (ft.

XX.	And

A.D.iSi3*	53® GEO* lit	C.iol«

XX.	And be it forthtr enacted, That in case the Prisoner so discharged, or any of hit or her Creditors, agaioft whom he or (he ihaU have obtained such Difcharge, shall be diflatiafied with the Account of any Affigaee or Amgnees, rendered upon Oath as aforesaid, or in case any such Affignee or Aflignees shall neglect to render such Account, or shall neglect to dispose of the Property or collect the Effe&s of such Prisoner, or shall in any Manner waste or mifmanage the Eftate or Effe&s of such Prisoner, or neglect to make a due Diftribution thtreof, it shall be lawful for such Court,

rthe Application of such Prisoner, or of any such Creditor as said, to reouire such Affignee or Aflignees to render such Account on Oatn as directed by this A&, if not before rendered,

• and to examine any Account so rendered, and to enquire into any Wafte, Mifmanagemeni or Negled of the Eftate or Effe&s of fucn Prisoner, and direct a proper Adminiftration thereof, and afcertaia the Produce of such Eftate and Efie&s to be divided araongft the Creditors of such Prisoner, and dire A the Diftribution thereof accordingly, and to require and compel the Produ&ion of all Books, Papers and Writings necessary for such Purposes, and to examine all Parties and their Witnefles on Oath, as the case may require, and to take all such Meafures as shall be necessary for the compelling the rendering of such Account and the due Inveftigation thereof, and the proper Difpofition and Diftribution of the Efieds of such Prisoner according to this Ad, and to award Cofts again ft any of the Parties, as Juftice shall require; and the Decifions ot the (aid Court upon all such Matters shall be final and conclusive.

XXI.	And be it futher enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise, at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bona, Covenant or other Security of any nature whatsoever, shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eftate of such Prisoner, in such manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto such Dividends by the Laws now in force, if such Prisoner had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the fame would have been affected by Proof made in reiped thereof by the Creditor under a Commiffion of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission, but subject nevertheless to the Terms of the Engagement of such Prisoner for future Payment of his or her Debts, in case such Prifouer should become able to pay the fame as hereinbefore directed.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from the Date of any such Order of Difcharge as aforesaid, all Intereft on any Debt bearing Intereft of the Prisoner so discharged, shall cease, and shall not be computed in the Amount of such Debt in the Diftribution of the Eftate and Effects of such Prisoner under the Authority of this A&, but if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court that (uch Eftate and Effects alone or together with the future Eftate and Effe£b of such Prisoner, are not only sufficient for Payment of the Principal of all the Debts of such Prisoner payable thereout under the Authority of this A6t, together with all other Debts of such Prisoner) and to afford such Prisoner competent means of future Subfiftcncc/

C c 3	but

$*7

Court to compel Aflignees to give a satisfactory Account of Ef-feds of Prifonexw

Hooks, kc. |*o-duced.

Creditors for Annuities, kc. entitled to Divi* dends in such manner as if Prisoner had b*, come ftaokaupt kc.

Intfcreft on Debts of Prisoner to cease, unless his Effeds are sufficient to bear it.

C. 102.

393

AHTignees not to commence any Suit without Content of Creditors.

Officer of Court to produce its Proceedings when required.

Copy, Evidence.

MortgaSes>&c*

on Klt.i e of prisoner not to be affected, &c.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

but are so confiderable at to render it fit that Intereft ftiould be allowed

on Debts of such Prisoner bearing Intereft from any Period after the Date of such Order of Difcharge, it shall be lawful for the (aid Court to order such Intereft to be paid accordingly, and to fix the time from which such Intereft shall be computed, having regard always to the unproductive State of the Effefts of such Prisoner during the Ad« ministration thereof, under the Authority of this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That no Suit in Law or Equity shall be commenced by any Affignee or Affignees of any such Prisoner's Eftate and Effefts without the Confent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice for that Purpose, to be given at least Ten Days before such Meeting, in the London Gaxettc, or other Newfpaper, as hereinbefore required, previous to the Sale of any Eftate of such Prisoner.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of the Court to be established by virtue of this Aft shall, on the reafouable Requeft of such Prisoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, or his, her or their Attorney, produce and (hew to such Prisoner, Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney, at such times as the said Court shall direct, such Petition, Schedule, Oath, Order and Judgment, and all other Orders and Proceedings made and had in such Matter; and that a true Copy of every such Petition, Schedule, Oath, Order, Judgment and other Proceedings, (igned by the Officer in whose Cuftody the fame shall be, or his Deputy, certifying the fame to be a true Copy of such Petition, Schedule, Order, Judgment or other Proceeding, as the case may be, without being written on damped Paper, shall at all times be admitted in all Courts whatever, as legal Evidence of the fame respectively.

XXV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Aft shall extend or be construed to prevent any Mortgage, Charge or Lien, upon the Eftate of such Prisoner, or any Part thereof, made prior to the Difcharge of such Prisoner by virtue of this Aft, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Perfonal Eftate and £fFefts comprised in or charged or affected by such Mortgage, Charge or Lien respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Mereliant, Recognizance or Judgment acknowledged by or obtained agaiuft any such Prisoner, prior to such Difcharge, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Eliates of such Prisoner, and also where any Inquifition shall have been taken upon any Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Prifooer shall have obtained his or her Difcharge as aforesaid, the Perfonal Eftate of such Prisoner shall be subject thereto, for so much as shall remain due upon such Statute, Recognizance or Judgment re* fpeftively, in like manner as the fame would have been subject respectively, if this Aft had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXVI. And whereas a Prisoner who may be entitled to aod • claim the Benefit of this Aft, may be feiled and possessed of or 4 entitled to Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to hold to such 4 Prisoner for the Term of his or her Life, or other limited Estate,

« with Power of granting Leafej either at Rack Rents, or taking

4 Fines

A.D.i8i3*

53* GEO. in.

C.ro*.	3$	l

*	Frees and reserving small Rents for One, Two or Three Lives, in

*	Poflefiion or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable

*	upon Life or Lives, or for Years absolute, or may have Powers

*	over Real or Perfonal Eft ate, which such Prisoner could execute

*	for his or her own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be 1 executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such PrifonerBe it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case Power of leafing

all and every the rowers of Leasing, and all such other Powers as

aforesaid, over Real or Perfonal Eft ate, which are or shall be vested i^^n^ees^

in any such Prisoner as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Benefit'd Cre-

Affignee or Aflignees of the Real and Perfonal Eftateof such Prisoner ditori.

by virtue of this Aft, to be by such Aflignee or Aflignees executed

for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoner as

aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Pa? Officer or in this Adi contained shall extend to entitle the Aflignee or Aflignees pCOI1Ie ,nyf of the Eft ate and Effefts of any Prisoner being an Officer of the fetf^^butA-Army or Navy, or beneficed Clergyman of Curate, to the Pay of fignee* may ob-fuch Officer, or the Income of any Benefice or Curacy, for the tain ■Sequeftw-Purpofcs of this Adi: Provided always, nevertheless, that it shall be ft00 Profits of lawful for such Aflignee or Aflignees to	for	and	obtain	a	fuch Benefice.

Sequeftration of the Profits of any such Bei , for the Payment of the Debts of any such Clergyman, against which such Clergyman shall have obtained a Difcharge by virtue of this Adi; and the Order for such Difcharge shall be a sufficient Warrant for the granting of such Sequeftration, without any Writ or other Proceeding to authorize the fame; and such Sequeftration shall accordingly be lflued as the fame might have been ifiued upon any Writ of Levari Facias founded upon any Judgment against such Clergyman: Pro* vided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Court to order such Portion of the Pay or Half Pay of any such Officer of the Army or Navy, as on Communication from the said Court to the Secretary at War, or the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty or their Secretary, he or they may respectively consent to by Writing under the Hand of the said *Secretary at War, or the Lords Commiflioners or Secretary of the Admiralty, to be applied in Payment of his Debts, and for that Purpofe to be paid to bis Aflignee or Aflignees, and such Order and Confent being lodged in the Office of the Paymafter of His Majefty’s Foroes, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, as the case shall require, such Paymafter or Treasurer shall give Direftions accordingly, and such Proportion of the Pay or Half Pay of fHch Officer as shall be specified in such Order and Confent shall be paid to his Aflignee or Aflignees, until the said Court shall make Order to the contrary.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who Perjury.

shall apply for his or her Difcharge under the Provifions of this Aft,

or any other person taking an Oath under the Provifions of this Aft,

(hail wilfully forswear and perjure himself or herself in any Oath to be taken finder this Aft, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or (he so offending shall suffer such Puni(hment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilfnl and corrupt Perjury.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Prisoner who shall Prisoner dik have obtained his or her Difcharere bv virtue of this Aft. shall at anv «h**g«<* no* to

//

Priloncr not to he discharged of anv Debtincurr

Difcharge.

be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, .Contempt for Non payment of Money, Cods or Sums of Money controlied, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due, with relpett to which such Difcharge shall have been obtained, but that upon every Aired upon any such Judgment or Decree* or for any such Debt, Datnage, Jj . c^C . Contempt, Cods, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court from which any such Procefs shall have issued, upon (hewing to such Judge the Copy of the Order for such Difcharge as aforesaid, and upon Affidavit that such Difcharge dill remains in force, to release from Cudody such Prisoner as aforesaid; and at the fame time, if such Judge shall in his Difcretion think fit, to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits, or other Person or Persons suing out such Process, to pay such Prisoner the Cods which he or ihe shall have incurred on such Occafion, or so much thereof as to such Judge shall fecra iud and reasonable, such Prisoner cauling a common Appearance to be entered for him or her in the Adion or Suit for any such Debt as aforesaid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad, of any Debt or other Matter accrued or incurred subsequent to the Application of Application for^ Pr^oner to discharged ; and if it shall appear to the Court to be edabliffied by virtue of this Ad, that any Prisoner applying to be discharged as aforesaid, dands charged iu Cudody with any Debt or other Matter accrued or incurred subsequent as well as previous to such Application, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court to discharge the Person of such Prisoner only from such Debts or other Matters as had accrued or been incurred previous to such Application, and to remand him or her back to the Cudody of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or (he was brought, for all Debts and other Matters for which be or (he shall dand charged, and which shall have accrued or been incurred subsequent to such Application.

General Iffuc. XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Adion of Escape, or any Suit or Adion be brought against any Judge, Judice of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, or other Person, for performing the Duty of his Office, in pursuance of this Ad, such Judge, Judice, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or other Person may plead tne General I flue, and give this Ad m Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his or her Adion, or Verdid shall pass againd him or her, or Judgment should be had Treble Cofti. upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Cods.

Aftion against XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias, or Prisoner dif- A6lion of Debt, or upon Judgment or any other Suit or Adion shall charged, how de- be brought againd any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Ad-mini lirators, upon any Judgment obtained againd any such Prisoner, or any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, or any other Caufe of Adion from which such Prisoner shall have obtained his or her Difcharge, by virtue of this Ad, except tinder the Order of Court to be edabli(hcd by virtue of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminidrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was duly discharged from such Debt or Demand, according to this Ad, by the Order by which such Difcharge shall have been obtained, and

that

a

C. 10-2.

A.D.1I13. *	53°	GEO.	IIL

391

tbit fueh Difcharge remains in force, without pleading any other Matter specially, whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (hew the Defendant or Defendants not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad,* or that such Prisoner was not duly discharged according to the Provifions of this Ad, in the fame manner as tne Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied, in case the Defendant or Defendants had pleaded this Ad, and his Difcharge by virtue of this Ad specially; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue his or her Adion, or Verdid pass against him, her or them, or Judgment shall be had on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Cods.	Double	Cofts.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Prisoner wan-

case it shall appear to the Satisfadion of the Court to be established tonly wafting Ef-by virtue of this Ad, that any Prisoner who shall apply for a l>if- fc^sin.^,on» , charge by virtue of this Ad, nas wantonly wafted his or her Eftate	A*

or Effeds whilst in Prifon, or fraudulently disposed thereof, or any	*	.

Part thereof, with Intent to deprive his or her just Creditors of the

Benefit thereof; or has wilfully remained in Prilon, although entitled to be discharged therefrom by virtue of this Ad, or otherwise with Intent to conlume his or her Property in Prifon, in dead of applying the lame to the Difcharge of his or her just Debts, fnch rrifoner shall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, unless on special Circumftaoces the said Court shall think fit to grant such Difcharge.

XXXIV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Attornies, Serin this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to releale vants, &c. em-or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Person be**bnS Money, acting or pretending to ad as such with regard to any Debt or De- i2n2tofAft mand for any Money or other Effeds recovered or received by him for ul^s Creditor* the Ufe of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and confem, or Pri-by any such Attorney, Solicitor or other Person acting as such, em- fonerconfined, hezzled, concealed or converted to his own Ufe ; or to release or to Ten Yetrl* discharge any Servant or other Person employed or entrusted as such,

with regard to any Debt or Demand for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effeds received or possessed by him or her for the Ufe and Account of his or her Matter or Mafters, or Employer or Employers, and by such Servant or other Person so embezzled, concealed or converted to his or her own Ufe ; or to release or discharge any Person with regard to any Debt or Demand arising from or created by any Breach of Truft or Confidence 5 any thing iierein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding 5 unless the Person or Persons to whom such Debt or Demand shall be due or owing shall consent to the Difcharge of such Prisoner by virtue of this Ad, or unless such Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon for such Debt or Demand for the Space of Ten Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad.

XXXV.	Provided also, and be h further enacted, That no No Prisoner o&-Prifoner who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pre- tainmS Credit by tencet, or under any fiditious Name or Names, assumed for the

Purpofes of obtaining Credit or by any other fraudulent means (hall	fable1to be

have obtained from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, diftramedfor Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promiffory Notes, or Rent, entitled to bther Securities for Money, or other Effeds; or who shall have Benefit of Ad,

contra6ted

C^

C. 102.

unless Creditors -consent, or Pri-foner confined 'five Yean.

Prisoner fuffcr-

tng Aiil to be charged.

PrUboer charged in Executioo for Dimagevreco-vered in certain Adiom, not entitled to Dif-charge without Confent of Period injured, or unless coofined Five Yean.

Bankrupt who Butt not have obtained his Certificate, icc.

Prisoner affign-iog ElUtt after Imprifbnment, Co that Creditors cannot have Benefit thereof, to lose Benefit of Aft.

53® GEO. III.	*	A.D.iSij-

controlled inj Debt by fraudulently obtaining false Credit or by any other fraudulent means, or who shall have Fraudulently removed or cause to have been removed any Stock, Cattle, Goods or Effefta of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which were fubpeH or liable to be distrained by his or her Landlord or Landlords for any' Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of such Rent or Rents, shall have any Discharge by or under this AH, from the Debt or Demand arising from or re-maining due in coufequcnce of such fraudulent Conduct; unless the Perfou or Persons who shall be entitled to such Debt or Demand shall confeut to the Discharge of such Prisoner by virtue of Urn-AH, or such Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon for such Debt or Demand for the Space of Five Years before the thne when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this AH.

XXXVI.	Provided also, and be it further en&Hed, That no Prisoner who shall have suffered auy Person, who has become Bail or Surety for such Prisoner, to be charged in refpeH of such Bail or Surety, shall be discharged by virtue of this AH from any Debt or Demand arising on fuen Account, without the Confent of the Person or Persons entitled to such Debt or Demand.

XXXVII.	Provided also, and be it further enaHed, That no Prisoner who shall be charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any AHion for Criminal Conversation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such AHion, or in any AHion for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servaut of the Plaintiff in such AHion, or in any AHion for a Malicious Profecution, or in any AHion for any other Malicious Injury, shall have any Difcharge from such Debt or Damages under this AH, unless the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of such Debt or Damages shall consent to the Difcharge of such Prisoner by virtue of this AH $ or unless such Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon, for such Debt or Damage, for the Space of Five Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge under this AH.

XXXVIII.	Provided also, and be it further enaHed, That no Prisoner again (I whom any Commifiion of Bankrupt shall hate iffoed and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commifiion, shall be entitled to be difehatged by virtue of this AH from any Debt for which such Prisoner shall be detained in Cuftody, and which might have been proved under such Commifiion, unless such Prisoner shall have been so detained in Prifon for the Space of Five Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge under this AH.

XXXIX.	And whereas Debtors may, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fell, transfer, convey or assign their Eftate mid EffeHs, or some Part thereof, but it may be difficult to prove that such Sale or Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment, was made with a fraudulent Defign ; Be it enaHed, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies, or by the Confeffion of any Prisoner, who shall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this AH, that such Prisoner has, since the time of con trading any Debt of or from which he or (he shall so Seek to be discharged, fold, transferred, conveyed or afiigned to any Person or Persons all

or

AJti8i3»

53* GEO. UI.

C. 102.

195

or any Part of hit Eftate or Effeds subsequent to the tine of his Imprifonment, without just Caufc for so doing (to be determined by the Court to be eftabh(hed by virtue of this Ad), and such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Aifignment, shall remain in force, so that the Creditors of such Prisoner cannot have the Benefit of such Eftate or Effeds under this Ad, without Suit at Law or Equity, every such Prisoner shall lose all the Benefit and Advantage that he or (he might otherwise have claimed under the Authority of this Ad, unless all the Creditors of such Prisoner against whom such Prisoner shall seek to be discharged by virtue of this Ad will consent to such Dif-

. And whereas many Prifoners Squander their Property by 4 playing at Cards, Dice, and other unlawful Games whilst in Prifon,

4 to the great Injury of their Creditors;* Be it enacted, That Prifonerlofinj

nothing in this Ad shall extend or be couftrued to extend to dif- ^on.ejr

charge or release any Prisoner who hath or shall have loft, since hsv™BenSt^Sf

the time of his. or her Commitment to Prifon for any Debt with A£t, unkfr with

which he or (he shall (land charged at the time when Application Confent of Cre->

shall be made for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad, the ditor*> or coo-

Sum or Value of Ten Pounds in any One Day, or Fifty Pounds in	Yeaf*

the whole, since such Commitment as aforesaid, in playing at or

with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards, or any other

Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in

the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides

or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid, unless all the Creditors of

such Prisoner against whom such Prisoner shall seek to be difcharged

by virtue of this Ad shall consent to such Difcharge, or unless fuch

Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Five

Years at the lead, since the time when any such Money was jfo loft as

aforesaid.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any Prisoner who Prisoner ieeking the Benefit of this Ad, shall appear to the Court to ^ h,ve whom Application shall be made for such Purpose, to have made, Eftat* toTruft within Five Years before the Application of such Prisoner to be for particular discharged by virtue of this Ad, any Conveyance pr Aifignment of Creditors not to all or any Part of his or her Eftate or Effeds in Truft or otherwise havt Bandit of for the Benefit of any particular Creditor or Creditors, with Intent to give an undue Preference to such Creditor or Creditors, and after-wards to obtain a Difcharge from the Demands of any other Creditor or Creditors by virtue of this Ad, such Prisoner shall have no Benefit of this Ad, unless such Person or Persons for whose Benefit any such Conveyance or Alignment shall have been made shall first relinquish the fame; and all such Eftate and Effeds shall bo conveyed or delivered to such Person or Persons as the Court shall direct, for the Benefit of all the Creditors of such Prisoner under the Provifions of this Ad ; or unless all the Creditors against whom such Difcharge shall be fought shall consent thereto.

4 XLII. And whereas the Eftates both Real and Perfonal of any 4 Prisoner who may be discharged by virtue of this Ad may not be 4 sufficiently described or difeovered in the Schedule before directed 4 to be delivered upon Oath by such Prisoner, or the A(fiftance of 4 such Prisoner may be necessary to adjust, make out, recover or 4 manage his Eftate or Effeds for the Benefit of his or her Creditors f Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may

Affignees may apply to the Court to have Prisoner who 1ms obtained hit Difeharge, further examined.

Imprifoinnent.

Affignees, with Consent of Major ity of Creditors, may take Compofition from Debtors of Prisoner.

isav be lawful to and for the Affignee and Affignee* of the State and Effects of any such Prisoner who shall obtain nia or her discharge in pursuance of this Ad, from time to time to apply to the Court to be established by virtue of ibis Ad, that such Piifoner may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to hit or her Eftate and Effeds, either by such Court, or by any Juftice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place where such Prisoner shall then reside ; and if such Court shall direct any such Examination before any such Juftice, such Juftice shall fend for- or call before him such Prisoner, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as he shall think fit; and if such Prisoner shall appear before such Juftice, such Juftice shall examine him or her upon Oath, or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Affignee or Affignees fhaD desire relating to the Eftate and Effeds of such Prisoner ; and if any such Priloner, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such rea-fonable Charges as such Juftice shall judge fufneient, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Juftice, not having a lawful Excufe allowed by such Juftice, or, being come before such Juftice, shall refuse to be fwora or to answer such Queftions as by such Juftice shall be put to him or her, relating to the Difcovery of his or her Eftate and Effeds veiled or intended to be veiled in such Affignee or Affignees as aforesaid, as required by the Order of the said Court, such Juftice shall certify such Default to the said Court, and there-upon, and also in case such Prisoner shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Court to be examined by such Court, if the Court shall think fit so to order, or, appearing before such Court, shall refuse to be fwom, or to answer such Queftions as shall be put to him or her relating to the Difcovery of bis or her said Eftate or Effeds, thea and in any of such cases it shall be lawful for the Commiffioner of such Court, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Prisoner so offending to the Common Gaol of any County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such time as he or (he shall submit himself or herself to such Commissioner, and answer upon Oath or otherwise as shall be required, to all such lawful Queftions as shall by such Commiffioner be put or ordered to be put to him or her for the Purpofes aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted,Tkat it shall and may be lawful at all times hereafter, for any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and * Effeds of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Ad, by and with the Confent of the major Part in value of the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Twenty one Days’ Notice being previouffy given for the Purpofe in the London Ganttte, if the Prisoner was in Cuflody in London> or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at the time of his or her Difeharge, and if not, then in some Newfpaper which shall be published and circulated in the County, Citv or Place in or near which such Prisoner shall have been so in Cunody, to make Compofition with any Person who shall be a Debtor or Accountant to such Prisoner, where a Compo-fition shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reafooaoJc Part of any Debt due to such Prisoner as can upon any such Compo-fition be gotten, in full Difeharge of such Debt, and also to submit to Arbitration, any Difference or Difpute between such Affignee or Affignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on account or by retfon of any Matter, Caufe or Thing, relative to the Eftate or Effeds oI

14	fuch

syGHtxm.

ClC2.

397

filch Prisoner; mh! evefry fach Affignee or Affignee* is or are hereby	'

indemnified for what hey file or they shall fairly do in the Premises, in tauoe of this Ad.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Court may hear it JhaH and may be lawful to and for the said Court to be established by Complaint* virtue of this Ad, from time to time, upon the Petition of any *e»'»ftAffignees, Prisoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, com-	r#roove

plaining of any Inefficiency, Fraud or Mifcondo&of any Affignee or Afiignees of the Eftate ano Effeds of such Prisoner, to furaraon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned, to make and give such Orders and Dircdions therein, either for the Removal of such Affignee or Afiignees and appointmg any new Affignee or Afiignees in the Place of such Affignee or Afiignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just aad equitable Management and Diftribu-tron of the Eftate and Effeds of any such Prisoner for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, as the said Court shall think fit; and in case of the Removal of any Affignee or Afiignees, and the appointing of any new Affignee or Afiignees, the Eftate and Effe&s of such Prisoner shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Affignee or Afiignees so removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Affignee or Afiignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as the fame were before veiled in the Affignee or Afiignees first appointed ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftandmg.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or In case Death Incapacity of any Affignee of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prisoner or ^capacity of discharged by virtue of this Ad, or in case any Affignee shall be un- A®#1®** ?■" willing to Act as Affignee, it shall and may be lawful to and for any ot eraPP°,nte * Creditor of such Prisoner to apply to the (aid Court to appoint a new Affignee or Afiignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Ad to the original Affignee or Afiignees ; and the laid Court shall have Power to appoint such new Affignee or Afiignees, and to oblige any Affignee who shall be removed, and the Hcifs, Executors, Adminiflrators and Affigns of any deceased Affignee, to account for and deliver up all such Eftate and Effeds,

Books, Papers, Writings, Deeds, and all other Evidences relating thereto, as mall remain in his, her or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and the Decifioo of the said Court there* upon shall be final and concluiive.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That in qafe any Affignee Affigneet,ftc. or Afiignees of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prisoner discharged not paying over by virtue of this Ad, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators of any deceased Affignee or Afiignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Eftate or Effeds, or pay the Balance of the Produce against. of any such Eftate or Effeds found to be in the Hands of such deceased Affignee or Afiignees, or of such Heirs, Executors .or Ad-miniftrators as aforesaid, according to the Order of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioner, directed to the proper Officer of the said Court to be appointed for that Purpose, to order the Perfoa or Persons disobeying such Order to be arrested, and committed to Imprifenment. the next County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize,

Until such Person or Persons shall have obeyed such Order, and paid all such Colls as the said Court shall award to hp paid in refpe£ thereof, or until such Court shall make other. Order to the contrary.

* XLVII.

Committed for Contempt of Courts, in not peering Cofts, foe. entitled to Benefit of AW.

Affirmation of Quaker taken.

Peijury.

Proceedings in Court may be amended.

Perfects taking Benefit of InfoK vent A 6* within Five Years, not entitled to Relief.

Crown Debtors, or Persons committed for Offences again ft Revenue, not entitled to Benefit of Ad.

C.102.	53°	GEO. III.	A*D.i8i3«

• XLVII. And whereas Persons are often committed by the 1 Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts in not payiog Money

*	ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Cofts duly

*	and regularly taxed and awwed by the proper Officer, after proper ' Demands made for that Purpose, and aifo upon the Writ De Ex-€ communicato capiendo, or other Process, for or grounded on the Noo

*	payment of Money, Cofts or Expences, in some Caufe or Proceed-

*	ing in some Eccleiiaftical Court, or for Contempt of such Court by

*	Non payment of Money, Cofts or Expences Be it further enacted, That all such Persons so committed shall be entitled tQ the Benefit of this Ad, on and subject to the fame Terms, Conditions and Reftric-tions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prifoners for Debt only.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Ad an Oath id required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful false Affirmation, shall incur and fuller such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury.

XLIX. Ana whereas Prifoners claiming the Benefit of this Ad may be liable to be deprived of such Benefit on account of mere 1 Matters of Form, or Errors or Omiffions in their Petitions, Schedules or other Proceedings directed by this Ad; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court to be rftablifhed by virtue of this Ad, to amend Matters of Form, and to supply Omissions, or to correct Errors in the Petition, Schedule or other Proceedings directed by this Ad, in case the fame shall appear to the said Court to have arilen from Ignorance, Miftake or Inadvertency, and not to have been wilful ana fraudulent; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Ad heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall have the Benefit of this Ad, or be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be dif-charged under the fame, until the Expiration of the Term of Five Years from the time of such former Difcharge ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding ; unless from special Circumftances the said Court should be of Opinion that it would be just and reasonable that such Prisoner should be again discharged by virtue of this Ad.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Ad shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Ad, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (be shall (land charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Ad or Ads of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamp or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the said Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearaoce of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Ad or Ads of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s said Revenues of Cuftoms, Excite, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s 11	Treafury

C, 102.

35*

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

Treasury for the time being shall certify under their Hands their Confent to the Difcharge of such Prisoner, upon the Terms and Conditions prescribed by this Ad.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Prisoner <fif-wlio shall have been at any time discharged by virtue of this Ad shall charged, not en-again be entitled to the Benefit thereof within the Space of Five Years after such Difcharge, unless Three fourths in Number and Y>J*Unle(j Value of the Creditors against whom such Person shall seek to be dif- Debt* be necef. charged by virtue of this Ad shall (ignify his, her or their Aflent to farily incurred, such Difcharge, or it shall be made appear to the Satisfadion of the *c*

Court to be ettablilhed by virtue of this Ad, that such Person has lince his or her former Difcharge endeavoured by lnduftry and Frugality to pay all just Demands upon him or her, and has incurred no unnecessary Expence, and that the Debts which such Person has incurred, subsequent to such former Difcharge, have been necessarily incurred for the Maintenance of such Person, or bis or her Family, or that the Infblvency of such Person has arisen from Misfortune, or from Inability to acquire Subfiftence for himself or herself, and his or her Family, or from Debts incurred prior to such former Dif-ebarge, to which such Difcharge did not extend, or from Debts incurred subsequent to such Difcharge in consequence of Engagements entered into or Ads done prior to such Difcharge.

DHL Provided always, and be it further cnaded. That no Per- Foreigners.

Ion, not being a natural bom Subjed of this Realm, shall have the Benefit of this Ad, except under such circumfiances, and on such Terms and Conditions, as to thefaid Court to be eftabliftied by virtue of this Ad shall seem fit and reasonable; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary not with (landing.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if aay Time allowed re Objedion shall be made to the Difcharge of any Prisoner on the anfwerObjetfiou Ground of any Mifcondud of such Prisoner, and it shall appear to the Difcharge said Court that such Prisoner might not have been aware of such Ob- *™ooer* jedion so as to be able to anfwertlie fame, such Court shall allow such Prisoner sufficient time to answer such Objedion ; and shall also, if necessary, require such Objedion to be dated in Writing to such Prisoner, so that such Prisoner may be fully apprized thereof.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case it Court empow«r-(hall appear to the Satisfadion of the said Court, that any Mif- ed todifchaige conduct which shall be attributed to any Prisoner to prevent his nothwnthftindin* or her Difcharge, although strictly within the Intent and Meaning GroundofMif. of this Ad, was nevertheless attended with such circumstances, or conduct, the Injury thereby done was to so small an Amount, that it may not be fit that such Prisoner should on that Account be deprived of the Benefit of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Court to discharge such Prisoner, notwithstanding any Objedion founded 00 such Mifconduct, either in the fame manner as if such Objection had not been made, or on such further Terms and Conditions as to the said Court shall appear reasonable, in consequence of such Mifconduct: Provided also, that in case it shall appear to the Satis- Debt comrade# faction of the said Court, that <my Debt con traded by any Pri- fraudulently net fbner seeking to be discharged by virtue of this Ad, was ^b****1* contracted under any fraudulent Circumftances not specially provided for by this Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Court to except such Debt from the Difcharge to be granted to fuch

Prisoner,

/

<4°P

Prifonfrr. of union nd Miud.

I

V

C. iocu	530	GEO.	III.	AJX1813.

Prisoner, either absolutely, or upon such Terms aod Conditions as to the said Court shall appear to be proper; and if such Prisoner shall be in actual Cuftody for such Debt, it shall be lawful for the said Court to remand such Prisoner according to the Determination of the said Court upon such Debt.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall at any time be a Prisoner in any such Prifon as a fore said, upon any such Procefs as aforesaid, shall be or become of unfound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this A6f in such manner as.he or (he might have done if of found Mind, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prifon shall forthwith require One or more Juftice or Ju&iors of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein such Prifon shall be, to attend at the said Prifon, and enquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner; and thereupon, and also in case any such Juftice or Justices shall receive Information by other means that any such Prisoner is of unfound Mind as aforesaid, such Juftice or Justices shall go to the said Prifon, and by his, her or their own View, and by Examination on Oath of such Person or Persons as he or they shall think fit to examine, shall enquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner ; and if it (hail appear to such Juf-tice or Justices upon such Enquiry, that such Prisoner is of unfound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Ad in such manner as a Person of found Mind might do, such Juftice or Justices shall forthwith make a Record of the Fa&, and certify the fame to the Court to be established by virtue of this Ad; aod thereupon it shall be lawful for such Court, at the Inftanoe of any Person or Persons on Behalf of such Prisoner, to order Notice to be inserted in the London Ga%ctU9 and in Two pr more public Newfpapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Prifon, and in the Neighbourhood of the usual Refidence of such Prisoner before he or (he was committed to such Prifon, as the said Court shall fee fit, and shall in such Order specify and direct that Application will be made to such Court for the Difcharge of such Prisoner, on a Day to be specified in such Order, being Twenty Days at the least from the Day of Publication of such One of focn Gazette and Newfpapers, containing such Notice as shall be ki publ idled ; which Notice, together with Service of the like Notice on the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be detained in Cuftody, or his, her or their Attorney or Attomies is such Suit, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the said Court to proceed to the Difcharge of such Prisoner, if otherwise entitled t# such Difcharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Ad ; and such Court shall proceed accordingly, and shall discharge .such Prisoner, in case it shall appear that such Prisoner might have obtained his or her Difcharge under this Ad, if of found Mind ; and thereupon such Court shall direct a Conveyance and Alignment to be made of the Eftate and Effcds of such Prisoner, and Engagement for the Payment of his or her Debts, according to the Pro-vifions of this Ad, to be executed by the Clerk of the said Court in the Name and on the Behalf of such Prisoner 5 which Convey, ance, Alignment and Engagement shall be made accordingly, unlrii such Prisoner shall have been found a Person of unfound Mind by Inquifition taken under a Commiflion in the Nature of a Writ Dt Lunatico inquirendo, in which case such Conveyance, Affigoment and

Engage.

C. 102*

401

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

Engagement shall be executed by the Committee or Committees of such Lunatic, in such manner as shall be directed by the Lord Chancellory Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or such Person or Per-fons as shall be authorized by the Royal Sign Manual to provide for the Care and Cuftody of the Persons and Eftates of Persons found Lunatic by iRquifition, and such Conveyance, Aflignmcnt and Engagement 10 made, shall be sufficient to all Intents and Purpofes to vest the Property of such PrifOner in the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be directed by the said Court to be conveyed and afiigned, and shall bind such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, as fully and effectually as if-fuch Conveyance,

Affignment and Engagement respectively had been duly executed by such Prisoner.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commiflioner of the Commiflioner of the Court to be eftabliftied by virtue- of this Court to appoint Ad, to appoint such and so many Officers of such Court for carry- °®cerl* ing into Execution the Purpofes of this Ad, as the Lord Chancellor,

Lord Keeper, Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, together with the Lord Chief Justices of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer for the time being, shall from time to time deem to be necessary and expedient for such Purposes; and such Court shall be always open, and shall be ordinarily holden in some cqpyenient Place or Places in the Cities of London or Wcjlminjleri or in the County of Middlesex, within the Bills of Mortality.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That One of the Judges C curt of Appesb of One of the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer at JVeJlminJler, shall be nominated and appointed by such Courts on the First Day of every Term after the palling of this Aft, to be a Judge of a Court of Appeal from the Court to be eftabliftied by virtue of this Ad ; and such Court of Appeal shall hear and determine all Appeals from any Orders of the Court to be established by virtue <*f this Ad, except such Orders as are herein specially directed to be final and conclulive, and such Court of Appeal shall have full Power to affirm, reverse or alter any such Order, except as aforesaid, as to such Court of Appeal shall seem just and reasonable, with or without Cods; and the Decifions of such Court of Appeal shall in Decifions final, all cases be final and conclulive.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall continue in Continuance of force until the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Ad A£i rcpe:lt«l, or any Part thereof may be repealed or altered by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

53Gto.HI.

D i

CAP.

4°*

C.103.

53'GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

.43 O. 3. c. 6y. Sch. A- tit. Licences.

cap. cm.

An AGt to authorize the CommifEoners to transfer Exeife Licences to the Executors or Adminiftrators of deceased licensed Traders, or to their SuccefTors, in theHoufes from which such licensed Traders shall have removed.

[10th July 1S13.]

4 TT T HE RE AS by an Aft made in the Forty third Year of the • W Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, 4 intituled An AS to repeal the Duties of Exeife payable in Great 4 Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; certain Duties 4 of Exeife are imposed for and upon all Licences to be taken 4 out, according to the Laws in each case made and provided, by 4 every Common Brewer of Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer f of Strong Beer; every Common Brewer of Strong Beer; every 4 Maker of Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles for Sale; every 4 Dealer in or Seller of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not being 4 a Maker of such Candles; every Chandler or Maker of Candles 4 other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles for Sale ; every Person 4 trading in, vending or felling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Cho* 4 colate; every Glais Maker; every Tanner; every Tawer 5 every 4 DrefTer of Hides and Skins in Oil; every Currier; every Maker 4 of Vellum or Parchment 5 every Malt (ter or Maker of Malt for 4 Sale ; every Maker of Metheglin or Mead for Sale 5 every Maker 4 of Paper or Palteboard ; every Paper Stainer; every Person 4 trading in, vending or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or aoy 4 Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two 4 Pennyweights, and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity 4 of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces 4 in Weight, in any one separate and distinct Ware or Piece of 4 Goods, is or shall be manufactured 5 every Person trading in, 4 vending or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or 4 Wares in which any Quantity of Gold of the Weight of Two 4 Ounces or upwards, or any Quantity of Silver of the Weight of 4 Thirty Ounces or upwards, in any one separate and distinct Ware 4 or Piece of Goods, is or shall be manufactured ; every Pawnbroker 4 trading in, vending or felling Gold or Silver Plate, or Goods 4 or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold or Silver is or shall be 4 manufactured or taken in, or delivering out Pawns of such Plate, 4 Goods or Wares; every Refiner of Gold or Silver; every Calico 4 Printer 5 every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Linens, Cottons or 4 Stuffs ; every Maker of Soap for Sale; every Difliller or Maker of 4 Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation within that Part 4 of Great Britain called England; every ReCtifier of Spirits within 4 that Part of Great Britain called England; every Dealer in 4 Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, not 4 being a Retailer in any Part of Great Britain, or not being a 4 wholesale Seller of or Dealer in plain Aqua Vita only, diltilled 4 from Malt,* Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British 4 Materials, in that Part of Great Britain caUed Scotland; every 4 Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall 4 by Wholefnlc fell or deal in Spirits made and dillilled from Malt, 4 Com, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and com.

4 «only

A.D.i8i3*	530	GEO. HI.	C.	IC3*	403

4 monly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita* in that Part of 4 the United Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller, Redifier, Com-4 pounder or Retailer of Spirits, not being a Dealer in Brandy or 4 other Spirituous Liquors, duly licenced for that Purpofe in manner 4 above mentioned, for every such Licence to fell plain Aqua Vita 4 only by W holesale; every Retailer of diililled Spirituous Liquors 4 or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain * Aqua Vita only, made or distilled from Briti/b Materials in that 4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland; every Person who within 4 the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality,

4 in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of 4 Scotland, other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited 4 and described in the Ads in that case made and provided, shall 4 retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Com, Grain,

4 Barley, Beer, Bigg or other Briti/b Materials, and commonly called 4 or known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the United 4 Kingdom, tor every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only $

4 every Person who shall retail such Spirits within the several 4 Counties and Diftri&s of the Highlands of Scotland\ the Royal 4 Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein, excepted; every 4 Starch Maker; every Maker of any Kind of Sweets or Made 4 Wines, other than Mead, for Sale ; every Retailer of Britijb~made 4 Wines or Sweets; every Manufadurer of Tobacco or Snuff 5 4 every Person who shall first become a Manufadurer of Tobacco 4 or Snuff, for every such Licence 5 every Dealer in or Seller of 4 Tobacco or Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Lx-4 cife in London, or of the Chief Office of Excife in Edinburgh ;

4 every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco or Snuff in any other Part 4 of Great Britain out of the said Limits ; every Maker of Vinegar 4 for Sale 5 every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great 4 Britain called England, who shall not have an Excife Licence for 4 retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Li-4 cence for the retailing of Beer, Ale or other Excifeable Liquors;

4 every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing 4 Beer, Ale and other Excifeable Liquors, but shall not have an 4 Excife Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong 4 Waters, for every such Licenae to retail Foreign Wine 5 every 4 Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called 4 England, who shall have an Excife Licence for retailing diililled 4 Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters; every Retailer of Foreign 4 Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who shall 4 not have an Excife Licence for retailing diililled Spirituous Liquors 4 or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale pr other 4 Excifeable Liquors; every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part 4 of Great Britain called Scotland\ who shall have taken out a Licence 4 for retailing Beer, Ale or other Excifeable Liquors, but shall not 4 have an Excife Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors 4 or Strong Waters; every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part 4 of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have an Excife Licence 4 for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters; every 4 Wire Drawer or other Person who (nail draw or cause to be drawn 4 any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire in Great 4 Britain : And whereas by another Ad, made in the Fifty firff jx ©. 3. c.S>

D d 2	4	Year

y-

§9*

49 g 3- c.8i.

§*.

51 G. 3. c.69. $6.

Executors, ftc.c PufoM having Licences may tarry on Trade till Licences expire.

C.i©3>io4.	53',GEO.IiL	A.D.1813.

*	Year of His said present Majefty’s Reign, a certain Duty of Excife

*	is imposed for and upon every Licence to be taken out according

*	to the said last mentioned Aft, by Persons making the Liquor in* ‘ the said Aft in that behalf mentioned, commonly called or knovu

*	by the Name of Beer Colouring: And by another Aft, made

*	in the Forty ninth Year of His said present Majelly’s Reign,

*	a certain Duty of Excife is imposed for and upon any Licence

*	to be taken out by any Printer, Painter or Stainer of Silks;

*	and by another Aft, made in the Fifty first Year of His faid

*	prefent Majefty’s Reigpi, a certain Duty of Excife is also impofed

*	for and upon any Licence to be taken cut by any Maker or

*	Makers of Flint Glass, or of Phial Glass, authorizing him, her

*	or them, to make use of any Lear in or for the Annealing of Flint ‘ Glafs or Phial Glass: And whereas it is expedient that the

*	Commiffioners, Colleftors and Superviforsof Excife in England and

*	Scotland respectively should be permitted, upon the Death of any

*	Perfon so liceneed, to authorize and empower the Executors or < Adminiftrators, or the Wife or Child of such deceased Person, and

*	upon the Removal of any Person or Persons so licenced to permit

*	the Aflignee or Afiigns of such Person so removing to take

*	the Benefit of such Licence in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore euafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

r by the Authority of the fame, That, upon the Death of any Person or Persons so liceneed, or upon the Removal of any Person or Persons so liceneed, from the House or Premifes in which such his, her or their Licence shall authorize him, her or them to make or manufacture, trade, deal iu, vend or fell any of the Commodities a fore said, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excife in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, or any One or more of them, and to and for the several Colleftors and Supervisors of Excife in England and Scotland respectively within their respective Colleftions and Diftrifts, to authorize and empower the Executors, Adminiftrators, or the Wife or Child of such deceased Person, or the Affignee or Afiigns of such Person or Persons so removing, who shall be possessed of such House or Premises, in like manner to make or manufacture, trade, deal in, vend or fell the several Sorts of Commodities mentioned iu such Licence, in the fame House or Premifes where such Person or Persons so licenced by virtue of such Licence, carried on such Trade during the Refidue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Licence during the Refidue of the said Term.

CAP. CIV.

An Aft to permit the Entry into Ireland for Home Confump-* tion of Sugar, the Produce or Manufafture of Martinique, Maricgalante, Guadalcupc, Saint Eujlatia> Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations.	.	[10th July 1813.]

*TT7HEREAS upon the Importation into Ireland of Sugar,

*	VV the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of the Ifiands of

*	Martiniquey Marugaletnte, Guadeloupe, Saint Ev/latia, Same Martin

‘ and

C^

C.xo4«

4^5

A.D.i8ij.	53° GEO.III.

/ and Saba, the like Duties are payable as upon Sugar not the

*	Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Plantations, and

*	it is expedient that the Duties should be reducedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Autho*

rity of the fame, That any Sugar the Growth, Produce or 'Manu- Rate of Duty «t faaure of any or .either of the said islands of Martinique, Ma- which Sugar of riegalante, Guadaloube, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Marlin and Saba, Martinique, Sec. imported into Ireland before the Twelfth Day of May One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen, may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption in Ireland, on Payment of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of White or Clayed Sugar, and Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Mufcovado Sugar, over and above the Duties payable on the like Defcription of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufedure of the British Plantations, and the Commif-fioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland may continue to admit the Entry of any Sugar the Produce of the said islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupcy Saint EuJIatia*

Saint Martin and Saba, on Payment of such Duties, until it (haft appear by Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes in manner required by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar for Four Weeks successively shall be less than Fifty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, when the said Sugar shall again be subject and liable to Duties, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as Sugar npt of the British Plantations.

II.	And be it further enacted, That a Drawback of the Whole of Drawback, the said Duties shall be allowed on the Exportation of such Sugars

from Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Cuftoms Duties and and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms shall be managed, ascertained, Drawbacks how raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the *** P"4* like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms or Drawbacks of Duties of

Cuftoms of a like Nature, are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftjndions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Irelandy and all Pains, Penalties,

Fines and Forfeitures, for any Offences whatever, committed against or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the patting of this Ad, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties and Drawbacks as fully and effcdually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time Duties carried arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and ac- to ConfolkUted counting for the fame respectively excepted, shall be carried to and Fund Ireland, made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be amended, ar altered, fct. altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent

Sefiion of Parliament.

D d 3	CAP.

C.I05-

53'GEO.UL

A.D.1813

CAP. CV.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft of the present Session, for granting additional Duties oT Cufloms on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain; for allowing a Drawback on Carrot Tobacco exported ; for altering the Duties on Pearls imported j for repealing the additional Duty on Barilla granted by the said Aft ; for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duties of Cuftoms on Timber used in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines of Devon and Cornwall; for ascertaining the Time when the Bounty on Goods exported may be claimed; for better preventing the clandestine Exportation of Goods $ and for appropriating the Duties on Sugar the Produce of Mar-Unique and other Places, granted by an Aft of this Session.

[tOth July 1813.]

53 0.3* e. 33-

Tab. B.

Duty on Hides under recited A& -charged on Hundred

Weight.

{3 G.3.C.3J.

§5.

€ Tt 7 HE REAS by an Aft of the present Session of Parlia-

*	VV ment, intituled An AS for granting certain additional Duties 4 of Cufloms imported into and exported from Great Britain, certain 4 new and additional Duties of Cuftoms are granted upon Goods, 4 Wares or Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain 4 from Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas in Schedule (B.) an-

*	nexed to the said Aft, Hides of all Sorts not tanned, tawed,

*	curried, or in any way dracted, exported to France, or auy Country

*	or Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion

*	of the Person or Persons exercising the Powers of Sovereignty in 4 France, are charged with a Duty of Nine Shillings and Four

*	pence, and which said Nine Shillings and Four pence was intended

*	to be imposed on every Hundred Weight of such Hides; but the 4 Words 44 for every Hundred Weight” are omitted ;* Be it enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Duty of Nine Shillings and Four pence shall be deemed to have been chargeable, and shall be charged upon every Hundred Weight of such Hides which shall have been so exported to France, or any Country or Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Person or Persons exercising the Powers of Sovereignty in France, or shall hereafter be so exported, notwithstanding the Words 44 for every Hundred Weight” were omitted in the faia Schedule.

* II. And whereas by the said recited Aft it is enacted, That in

*	all cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties due on the

*	Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are permitted 4 to be secured by Bond, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parlia-

*	ment in force at the time of such Importation, the new and ad-4 ditional Duties of Cuftoms granted by the said Aft may in like

*	manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions 4 and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond: And

*	whereas upon the Warehoufing in the Port of London of Goods,

4 Wares or Merchandize enumerated in Tables (A.}, (B.) and (E.),

« of

A.D.i8i3«	53dGEO.IIL	C. 105.	407

4 of an Aft pa(Ted in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hi* 43 0*3* «• *3*

4 present Majesty, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goode im-4 ported into Great Britain to be secured tn Warebouftt without Pay-4 ment of Duty, no Bond for the Payment of the Duties of Cuftoms 4 is required ; and Doubts may arise whether the new and additional 4 Duties on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize imposed by the said 4 first recited Aft are not due and payable upon the Importation and 4 Landing thereof;9 Be it therefore enacted. That nothing in the said Where Goods recited Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel entered and the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of any of the said Goods, y*r«houfed Wares or Merchandize imported into the Port of London, to pay the o^limdineJ* Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof in any case where such Importer, Proprietor or Confignee shall duly enter the fame under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any thing in the said first recited Aft of the present Selfion of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4 III. And whereas by the said first recited Aft Iron, Tallow, 33^*3«c. 33.

4 Flax, Bridles, Timber, Wood, Goods and Hemp, are respectively T*h.A.

4 subject to an additional Duty of Cuftoms of Twenty five Pounds 4 for every One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the 4 Permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon on the Im-4 portation thereof into Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient 4 that the said Articles should be exempted from the said additional 4 Duty in certain cases ;f Be it therefore enacted. That the said ad- Hemp, Ac sot ditionad Duty shall not be payable or paid on the Importation of Keble toeddi-Hemp, Iron, Tallow, Flax, Bridles, Timber and Wood, and Goods tK>na DutI* which shall be imported into Great Britain before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and if the Whole or any Part of the Duties on such Goods have been secured by Bond, the laid additional Duties shall not be charged or payable upon the said Goods, and such additional Duty where the fame has been paid on such Articles, shall be repaid to the Persons who shall have paid the fame in all cases, in which due Proof shall be given by Produftion of authentic Bills of Lading verified on Oath, or such other Proof as may be deemed satisfactory to the Commifiioners of His Majefty’t Cuftoms, that the said Articles respectively were aftualiy laden in the Baltic before the First Day of January One thouiand eight hundred and thirteen, in the Ships in which they are imported refpec* tively, and that such Ships had been detained there during the preceding Winter: Provided always, that if it shall be made appear that any Dills of Lading or other Documents produced are falsified or altered, or that any other fraudulent Artifice or Device shall have been practised in order to evade the Payment of the said additional Duty, the Person or Persons producing the fame shall be subject and liable to the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to be prosecuted for Penshy* and recovered in such manner and by such ways and means as any Penalty for any Offence against the Laws of Cuftoms may now be prosecuted for and recovered; and the said additional Duty of Twenty five Pounds per Centum shall be payable and paid according to the Direftions of the said recited Aft so passed in this present Session, upon the Iron, Tallow, Flax, Bridles, Timber, Wood, Goods and Hemp respectively imported in the Ships or VeiTels, for which

D d 4	anp

S3	O.3 c. 33.

Drawback allowed on Carrot Tobacco.

49 G. 3. c. 98.

S3 O. 3-c. 33-Tab. A.

39 G.3.C 59.

Duties on Pearls repealed and another of 5 per Cent, on the Value imposed.

Additional Duty On Barilla r«-peeled.

C. 105.	53°GEO.IIL *	A.D.i8i3*

any such Bills of Lading or other Document produced are so falsified, altered or otherwise fraudulently dealt with as aforesaid.

* IV. And whereas by the said first recited A6t ProvHion was ‘ not made for allowing a Drawback of the said new and additional 4 D uties of Cuftoms on Carrot Tobacco exported from Great Britain ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, there shall be paid and allowed on the due Exportation from Great Britain of all such Carrot Tobacco, a Drawback in respect of the said new and additional Duties of Cuftoms imposed by the said recited Adi, of Nine Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny for every One hundred Weight of Carrot Tobacco exported; and that such Draw-back of the laid Duties shall be paid and allowed in such and the like manner, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions as the former Drawbacks on Carrot Tobacco were paid and allowed by virtue and in pursuance of any Adi or Adis in force relating to ] drawbacks on such Tobacco; and all the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures applicable thereto by any such Adis shall be extended to the Purpofes of this Adi, as fully and tffedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded ia the Body of this Adi, and made Part thereof.

4 V. And whereas by an A & palled in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing the 4 several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof ; and by the said recited Adi of ‘ this present Scfiion of Parliament, certain Duties of Cuftoms are 4 now payable upon Pearls imported into Great Britain by the United ‘ Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies ; and

*	it is expedient that the said Duties, save and except the Duties 4 payable on their being secured in Warehouses, pursuant to an Adi

*	paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present ‘ Majesty, intituled An Ad for permitting certain Goods imported from 4 the East Indies to he nuarchoused, and for repealing the JDuties now 4 pa able thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ should be

*	no longer payable or paid ; and that another Duty of Cuftoms ‘ should be charged instead and in lieu thereof;’ Be it-therefore further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the said several Duties now payable upon Pearls so imported, save and except the said Duties payable on their being secured in Warehoufes as aforesaid, shall cease, and be no longer payable or paid, and instead and in lieu thereof, there shall be charged and paid on such Pearls when taken out of any such Warehouses to he used or con fumed hf Great Britain a Permanent Duty of Five Pounds only to every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof; and the said Duty shall be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, coHe&ed, recovered, paid and applied in like manner as the Permanent Duty heretofore payable was to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered and applied, and Hiall be subject to the several Powers, Condition, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to, or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms m Great Britain.

4 VI. And whereas it is expedient that the additional Duty of 4 Cuftoms on Barilla imported into Great Britain, granted by the ' (aid A6t of this Sefiion of Parliament, should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad,

11	the

A.D.i8i3v	53° GEO. HI.	C.105.	409

the additional Duty of Cuftoms granted by the said Aft on Barilla imported into Great Britain, shall cease and determine.

• VII. And whereas a Portion of the Duties of Cuftoms payable 4 on the Importation into Great Britain of Deals above Seven

•	Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten

•	Feet in Length, and not exceeding One and an Half Inch in Thick-4 nefs, and of Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported 4 directly from thence being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding

•	Ten Inches Square, is by the Laws now in force allowed to be 4 drawn back on such Deals and Fir Timber which shall have been 4 used or employed in the Tin, Lead or Copper Mines, in the 4 Counties of Devon and Cornwall, under certain Conditions, Rules,

4 Regulations and Reftriftions : And whereas it is expedient that a 4 Part of the Duties of Cuftoms imposed by an A6t passed in the

4 present Session of Parliament, intituled An Aft for granting eertairt 53O.J. cjj.

4 additional Duties of Cuftoms imported into, and exported from Great 4 Britain ; proportionate to the Amount of so much of the said 4 Duties as anfc from a Per-Centage on those permanent Duties of r Cuftoms which have been imposed since the palling of an Aft made 4 in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft 49 G. 3. c.9f.

4 for repealing the several Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great 4 Britain, and for granting other Duties tn lieu thereof should aMo 4 be in like manner drawn back Be it therefore enacted, That Certain Draw-there shall be paid and allowed additional Drawbacks of Part of backs of the the Duties of Cuftoms granted by the said recited Aft palled in the	Dca,t

present Session of Parliament, in the Proportion before mentioned, as a awe the fame are particularly described and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) on any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thick-nefs$ and on any Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, which shall have been or shall be used and employed m the Tin, Lead or Copper Mines in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: Provided always that before the Payment of the said additional Drawbacks Proof shall be made before the Colleftor of the Cuftoms of the Port where the Duties upon such Deals and Timber shall have been dated to have been paid, that the full Duties of Cuftoms imposed by the said recited Aft passed in the present Session of Parliament on all such Deals and Timber fb used and employed as aforesaid, and on which the Drawbacks allowed by this -Aft shall be claimed, were duly paid thereon: Provided also,' that the additional Drawbacks hereby granted shall be paid and allowed on the fame Conditions, and shall be subject in every respect to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Securities and Penalties as the Drawback on Deals and Fir Timber used and employed as aforesaid, granted by an Aft passed in the Fifty first $xG.3.c.4> Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for altering the Tittet at which the additional Duties of Cujloms imposed hy an Aft of the tajl Session of Parliament on certain Species of IVood were to have taken place; and for granting a Drawback upon Deeds and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead\ in tthe Counties of Com* wall and Devon, is paid and allowed.

4 VIII. An*

4io

Cl iim to Bounty •n Calicoc*,Scc. illoivei

Claude (line Ex-jHirtation of Coodi

Penalty.

Appropriation Duties under S3 G.3. c.6a*

49O.3.C.9S.

C. 105.	j38 GEO. III.	A.D.	181 j.

* VIII. And whereas Doubts have exi(led as to the Period at 4 which a Claim to Bounty on Printed Calicoes and other Goods 4 exported has been and is by Law vested in the Parties exporting 4 the fameBe it further enacted and declared, That such Claim shall be deemed to attach as soon as any Goods on which Bounty now is payable shall be shipped on board the Veffel in which such Goods (hail be laden for Exportation, and shall be afterwards duly exported; and no Claim for Bounty on Printed Calicoes shall be or be deemed or construed to be valid and effectual in Law, unless such Printed Calicoes were actually shipped on board some Veffel or Veffels for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and were afterwards actually exported in the fame Veffel or Veffels. '

4 IX. And whereas the Provifions already made by Law to 4 prevent the clandestine Exportation of Goods, Wares or Mer-4 chandize which are prohibited to be exported, have not been 4 sufficient to put a (top to such fraudulent Practices ;* Be it therefore enacted, That if any Gtxids, Wares or Merchandize which are or may be prohibited to be exported, shall be laden or shipped or

Sut on board any Veffel or Boat with the Intent to be laden or tipped for Exportation, or shall be brought to any Quay, Wharf or other Place in Great Britain, in order to be laden or put on board any Ship, Veffel or Boat for the Purpofe of being exported; or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which are prohibited to be exported shall be found in any Package produced to the Officers of the Cuftoms as containing Goods not (o prohibited, then in each and every such case not only all such Prohibited Goods, but also all other Goods, Wares and Merchandize packed therewith, shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms.

4 X. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provifion for the 4 Appropriation cf the Duties imposed by an A& of the present 4 Session of Parliament, intituled An A8 to permit the Entry for 4 Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or ManufaQure of Mar*

4 tinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Euftatia, Saint Martin 4 and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable ufon Sugar not 4 of the British Plantations Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Duties respectively as are equal to the Permanent Duties on British Plantation Sugar (nail be payable and paid for and during the; like Period, and shall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner, and to the fame Ufes and Purposes, as the Permanent Duties imposed by an A6t of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for repealing the fevered Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be paid, appropriated and applied; and so much of the Duties so imposed by the said recited Ad of the present Session of Parliament as are equal to the Temporary or War Duties on British Plantation Sugar, shall be payable and paid for and during the like Period, and shall be appropriated and applied in the lame manner, and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the Temporary or War Duties imposed by the said last recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign are directed to be paid, appro-

Eriated and applied; and so much of the said Duties granted by the lid recited Ad of the present Session of Parliament, as are over

and

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO,	IIL	C.	105,10(5-	411

and above the Amount of the Duties payable upon Sugars the Produce of the British Plantations, shall be payable and paid for and during the fame Period as the Temporary or War Duties granted by >he said Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, and Hi all also be appropriated and applied in like manner, and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes.

TABLE to which this A ft refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of additional Drawbacks to be paid or allowed on certain Defcriptions of Deals and Fir Timber used and employed in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, under the Conditions and Regulations contained in the Aft to which Table is annexed.

Deals, above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above io Feet in Length, and not exceeding i^ Inch in Thicknefs, the 120,	£ s. d.

built Ship ...	0 16 3

Britifh-built Ship -Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square, and riot exceeding 10 Inches Square, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet,	00  VO  O

built Ship -  		 - - - - Not having been imported in a  Britifti-built Ship	6 7 II  0 8 4i

CAP. CVI.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for pre-veting the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens which have been or may be iifued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[10th July 1813.]

1 YT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 g. j. c.42.

* VV present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to extend the

1 Provifions of an AS made in the lajl Sejfion of Parliament for

1 preventing the counterfeiting of certain Stiver Coin ijfucd by the

*	Banks of England and Ireland refpefiively, to Silver Pieces which

1 may le issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

‘ called Tokens, and to promote the Circulation of the said Tokens,

1 certain Pains of Felony and other Pains and Penalties were imposed $ u

*	on any Person or Persons who should make, coin or counterfeit, or

*	caufe or procure to he made, coined or counterfeited, or aft or

*	in the making, coining or counterfeiting the Tokens in the

* faid

4'*

C. 106.

PunUhmenc of Persons counterfeiting, Ac. Tokens issued by Bank of Ireland.

Onus Probandl

53c GEO. III.	A.D.1813,

4 said Aft mentioned, or who should bring into Ireland or into any 4 Part of the United Kingdom; or who should pass or utter or tender 4 in Payment or give in Exchange or pay or put off any such coim-4 terfeit Token orTokena, or should have in his, her or their Cuftodr 4 without lawful Excufe any greater Number than Five of such false 4 or counterfeit Tokens : And whereas the Governor and Company 4 of the Bank of Ireland have issued or are preparing and intend to 4 issue in Ireland* for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity of 4 Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, of the common Standard of 4 Sponifh Pillar Dollars for Thirty pence Irifh Currency each, con-4 taining on the obverfc Side thereof an Impreflion of His Majefty’s 4 Head and the following Words and Figures, 44 Georgius HI. Dei 4 Gratia Rex 1813,” and on the reverse Side theieof the Words or 4 Figures, 44 Bank Token XXX Pence Iristi,” and also Tokens for 4 Ten pence Irifh Currency each, and also Tokens for Five pence 4 Irtjb Currency each 5 the said last mentioned Tokens containing 4 on the obverse Side thereof His Majefty’s Head, and the Wordi 4 and Figures following, videlicet,44 Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex,”

4 and on the reverse Side thereof respectively, within a Wreath of 4 Shamrock Leaves, the Words and Figures 44 Bank Token io 4 Pence Irifh 1813,” or 44 Bank Token 5 Pence Irifh 1813”;’ Be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament afTemhlcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, if any Person or Persons shall make, coin or counterfeit, or cause or procure to he made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in the making, coining or counterfeiting any Piece of Metal resembling or made with Intent to referable or look like the said Tokens for Thirty pence. Ten pence or Five pence Irifh Currency respectively, so as atorefaid issued or intended to be issued by the laid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pals as such, or to referable or look like any of the said Tokens, or to pass as such, or if any Person or Persons shall bring into Ireland, or into any Part of the United Kingdom, any such falie or counterfeit Tokens knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the fame within the said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall utter or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay, or put off to any Person or Persons any such false or counterfeited Token or Tokens, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, or if any Person or Persons shall have in hit, her or their Cuftody or Poffefiion without lawful Excufe (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accufed), any greater Number than Five of any such false or counterfeited Tokens, then and in any or either of the said cases respectively, every such Person shall be lubjeft and liable to such and tne like Pains of Felony and other Fains and Punifhments respectively, and to such a*d the Tike Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, and shall be punished, proceeded against and dealt with m such and the like manner respectively, as is mentioned and directed in and by the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as kto Persons convicted of the like Offence respectively under tne said recited Ad in regard to the Tokens in the said recited Aft mentioned; and as if the laid Tokens for Thirty pence, Ten pence and Fivepencc in this

^-

4*3

A.D.1813.

53* GEO. HI.

C. 106, ioj.

A& mentioned and described respectively, had been mentioned and particularized in the laid recited Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Pro*iHons, Power* of re. Regulations and Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in the citcd

said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His prefect Majefly’s ten<tedt°A«. Reign mentioned and contained or referred to, with respect to the making, coining, counterfeiting, bringing in, uttering, tendering, giving in Exchange, paying, putting off or possessing ar\y counterfeit Token as in the said Aft is mentioned, shall and may be applied in the apprehending, securing, proceeding against and punishing of Offenders under this Aft, and in the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Aft, and in the carrying this Aft into Execution, and in relation to the said Tokens for Thirty pence.

Ten pence and Five pence respectively, in this Aft mentioned and described in all respects whatsoever as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Powers, Proviiions, Regulations and Direftions, Clauses, Matters and Things were repeated aud re-enafted in this Aft.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which Token* issued now are or shall become payable in Ireland for any Part of the Public |>y Bi»nk Revenue there, shall be accepted by the Colleftors, Receivers and j" Payment tf other Officers of the Revenue in Ireland authorized to receive the evcnue* fame, in the said Silver Bank Tokens for Thirty pence, Ten pence or

Five pence respectively, which shall be issued during the Continuance of the Reftriftion on Payments in Cafh by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered to be so paid ; and that the (aid Governor and Company may, whenever the (aid Reftriftion shall be removed, charge to the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer all such of the said Tokens of Thirty pence, Ten pence and "Five pence each, issued during the Continuance of the said Reftriftion, at may be received by the laid Governor and Company in Payment mr otherwise, before or after the Removal of such Reftriftion.

An Aft for the Appointment of Commiflioners for the Regulation of the several Endowed Schools of Public and Private

*	TT7HEREAS many of the Abufes in Schools, on Public and

•	W Private Foundations in Ireland, and the Mifapplication of

*	their several Funds and Revenues, have proceeded from the Delays, 4 Difficulties aod Expences attending the usual Way of proceeding

•	is such cases, by Bill‘or Information in the Courts of Equity: 4 And whereas it is necefiary, for the better Regulation of the 4 several Endowed Schools in Ireland, and for the more efficient

•	Control of the Conduft of the Mailers and other Persons concerned 4 in the Management and Direction thereof, that Commiflioners 4 should be constituted and appointed for the Purpofe of visiting,

*	regulating and superintending the Management and due Applica-

•	tion of the Funds and Revenues of the (aid Schools, us well those 4 of Private Foundation, as those which have been founded and 4 endowed by The Crown, or established and confirmed by the 4 Authority of Parliament, or for the Maintenance and Support of

*	which any Sum or Sums of Money have been at any time granted

CAP. CVII.

Foundation in Ireland. ,

[loth July 1813.]

' by

CommitHoneri •{•pointed, to be • Corporation.

Schools of E. Smith, Charter Schools, Parifti Schools, Ac. under 28 H. 8. (I)	»5-

excepted.

Arpointment of Commissioners 00 Vacancies.

CommifTioners may appoint Secretary.

G107.	53°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

*	by Parliament, or been devised or bequeathed by private Perfboa,

*	or in any manner granted or appropriated ; excepting such only 4 as are hereinafter mentioned and excepted Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament allembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Lord Primate of all Ireland, the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, the Lord Archbifhop of Dublin, the .Lord Archbifhop of Tuam, all now and hereafter for the time being, and the respective Coadjutors of the said Primate and Archbifhops now or hereafter for the time being ; the Lord Chief Juflice of the Court of King’3 Bench in Ireland, and the Provoft of Trinity-College Dublin, now or hereafter for the time being; and also Four of the Bifhops of Ireland, to be appointed from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (One Bifhop for each Province in Ireland), to-

fether with Four other proper and discreet Persons whom the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit to appoint to be Commissioners under this Adi (fuch Four Bifhops and Four other Persons so appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be removable at his or their Pleafure), shall be a Corporation, and shall have perpetual Succeffion and a Common Seal, and shall be called “ The Commissioners of Education in Ireland

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Schools on the Foundation of the late Erafmus Smith Esquire, nor the Pro-teflant Charter Schools, nor any Parochial School eflablifhcd under an Adi made in the Twenty eighth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AQ for the Englifh Order> Habite and Language, nor any Eflablifhment for the Purpofes of Education now under the Controul of Vifitors appointed by Adi of Parliament or Charter, shall be deemed and considered as subject to the Jurifdi&ion of the said Commissioners under this Adi.

III.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the (aid Bifhops or other Commissioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or either or any of them, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed in the Place of or in Succeffion to them, or any of them, shall, by Death, Refignation, Removal or otherwise, cease to be a Commil-fioner or Commissioners under this Adi, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoiut One other Bifhop or Person, in the Place and Stead of any such Bifhop or Person so ceasing to be such Commiffioner respectively ; and any such Bifhop or Person so to be appointed shall accordingly be and become to all Intents and* Purpofes One of the Commissioners for the Purpofes of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and their SuccefTors, from time to time to appoint a Secretary to the said Commifficners, with a Salary not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, and also such other subordinate Officer or Officers as they fhali think proper, for the carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Adi $ and to certify to

AJD.1813.	53 GEO.III.	C. 107.	415

Ihe Lord Lieutenant cr other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall deem adequate to defray the Expence of said Officers and the incidental Expences of the Board 5 whereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to dire A the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commillioners for executing the said Office, to ifTue out of the Con-folidated Fund of Ireland such Sum or Sums of Money to defray the Expence of said Officers, and the incidental Expences of the Board, as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall seem fitting and convenient.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Cornmiffioners for execut- Commiflioaerf ing this A& ffiall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Se- n»y sue and be cretary j and that over and above such Lands, Tenements and ,n Hereditaments as are or shall be veiled in the said Cornmiffioners and

their SuccelTors, under and by virtue of this A 61, it shall and may be lawful for the said Cornmiffioners and their SuccelTors to receive, take, hold and enjoy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, for the Purpofes of this A6t; the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Statute, A6t or Provifion whatsoever, in any wife to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Quorum of Three of the said Cornmiffioners afiembled in pursuance of a General Commifliouers. Notice for a Meeting, of whom some One of the Cornmiffioners hereinbefore appointed in Right of the Offices refpe6tively held by

them to be one, to do and perform any thing required to be done by the said Cornmiffioners under this A&, as fully and effc6lually as all the said Cornmiffioners might do if personally present.

VII.	Provided always, and be it hereby ena£ted, That no Proceed- Uft of Seal, ing which requires to be ratified and confirmed by the Common

Seal of the Corporation shall be finally coneluded, nor the said Seal affixed to any Deed or Inftrument in the Name of the said Commif-fioners unless the Lord Primate or the Lord Chancellor or the Chief Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench for the time being, be personally present at the Meeting of the said Cornmiffioners at which it is pro-pofed that such Proceeding shall be determined, or such Deed or Inftrument shall be executed, or unless the Confent and Approbation of Two of the said Cornmiffioners lad mentioned previously given to such Proceeding or to fucli Deed or Inftrument shall be signified zander their Hand respectively, and communicated to the Commif-fioners afiembled at such Meeting held pursuant to the general Notice as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Secretary to (aid Cornmiffioners shall keep a Book or Journal of the Proceedings keep Minute of the said Cornmiffioners at their several Meetings, and shall enter Book of Pro. therein the Names of such of the said Cornmiffioners as shall be present c®cd,,,Ss*

at each Meeting, and all the Proceedings of every such Meeting, and all Reports from time to time made to the said Cornmiffioners ; and the said Cornmiffioners shall once in every Year, within Fourteen Days after the Twenty fifth Day of March, make a general Report of all their Proceedings under this A6t for the Year preceding, ending on such Twenty fifth Day of March, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ under the Hands and

Seals

C. 107.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Seals of the said Commiflioners, to be laid before both Honfes of Parliament5 and the said Secretary shall at any time or times when he shall be thereto required or directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, or by the said Commiflioners, deliver to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or hit or their Chief Secretary, a true Copy of the whole or of so much and such Parts of the said Proceedings of the said Commiflioners, as (hail be from time to time required.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners from time to time constituted and appointed under and by virtue of this Aft, and the said Commiflioners and their Succeflors shall have full Power and Authority from time to time, and at all times when they shall think proper so to do, to visit each or any of the Endowed Schools hereinbefore described (except only as hereinbefore excepted^, either in Person or by Deputies to be appointed by them as is hereinafter dirested; and the said Commif-(ioners may at such time and at any other times hold Vifitations of the said Schools, and at such Vifitations administer Oaths, and do all other Afts appertaining to the Office of Vifitors respectively relating to such Schools ; and for that Purpofe it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners to repair to any such School, or to any other Place or Places which they shall deem necessary or convenient, and there to summon, call for and examine, on Oath or otherwise, all and every Person and Persons, and to call for all Vouchers, Books, Deeds, Evidences, Terriers, Maps, Surveys and all other Documents whatever, and to examine and inquire into all Matters whatsoever which the said Vifitors shall deem requisite and necessary.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall seem requisite to the said Commiflioners, it shall and

AfliftanV Vifitors may be lawful for the said Commiflioners, by any Writing under their pte«d m the,F Hands and Seals, to depute and appoint One or more Person or Persons for them and in their Stead to visit any of the said Schools; and any Person or Persons so deputed and appointed in any Inftance as aforesaid, shall have and enjoy the fame Rights and Powers in every such Infiance respectively as the said Commiflioners themselves or any of them might or would have had if they had visited the said Schools or any of them in Person ; and the laid Person or Persons so deputed or appointed as aforesaid shall at every such Vifiiation cause and direct their Proceedings to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Matter of each School respectively, and shall lay an attested Copy of the fame before the said Commiflioners at their First Meeting after the Return from such Vifitations of such Person or Persons so deputed or appointed as aforesaid, and shall report to the said Commiflioners such other Matters relating to the State and Condition of the said Schools or any of them, as they shall think necessary to be reported; whereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners to make such Orders and adopt such Meafures as they shall judge proper or necessary with regard to each of the said Schools respectively; provided that in case of such Mif-conduft of the Mafter, Under Matter or Uftier of any School, being reported to the said Commiflioners, as they shall be of Opinion ought to have subjected him to Deprivation* they shall not proceed to such Deprivation until they have cited the said Matter, Under Mafter or

Utter

416

Commiflioners empowered to visit Endowed School*

Commiflioners may appoint

^ooQie

4i>

A.D.1S13.	53°GEO.	III.	C.	107.

Uffier to appear before them, and given Notice to the Truttee or Trustees of the School or Foundation to which such Matter or Uffier shall belong, and enquired into his MifconduCt, and examined such Witneffes as shall be produced by the Matter, Under Matter or U(her, or by such Truttee or Trustees in relation thereto, and also all other Witneffes whom they shall deem proper to summon ; and provided also, that the said Commissioners whensoever they shall find it necefTary to proceed to such Sentence of Deprivation, shall signify the fame to the Person or Persons to whom such Appointment belongs, who thereupon shall be obliged within Three Months after such Person or Persons shall have had Notice of such Sentence of Deprivation as aforesaid, to appoint a proper Succeffor to the said Matter, Under Matter or Uflier so deprived ; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect within the Space aforesaid, to comply with the said Order of the Commissioners under this Aft, that then and in such case the Commissioners under this Aft shall themselves proceed to appoint a fit and proper Succeffor or Succeffors to the Matters or Uftiers so deprived; and the Person so to be appointed shall not be subject to be removed by the Truttee or Trustees, or Person or Persons having the Power of Appointment or Nomination to such School, unless with the Confent of the said Commissioners.

4 XI. And whereas by Letters Patent bearing Date the Eighth Letters Patant * Day of July in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Ma- 8th July,

4 jetty King Charles the First, the said King Charles granted to his 4 Car*x*

4 Grace the then Lord Archbiffiop of Armagh and his Succeffors 4 for ever, divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of great 4 yearly Value, situate respectively in the Counties of Armagh,

4 Tyrone, Fermanagh, Donegal and Cavan in Truft to the foie and 4 proper Ufe and Behoof of the respective Matters of the several 4 Free Schools of Armagh, Dungannon, Enntjkilien, Raphoe and 4 Cavan : And whereas by Letters Patent bearing Date the Six- Letters Patent 4 teenth Day of September in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the x6th Sep.

4 said King Charles the First, the Sovereign and Burgeffes of the 4 Car. x.

4 Borough of Banagher in the King's County in Ireland, and their 4 Succeffors, were incorporated ; and by other Letters Patent bear-4 ing Date the Twenty first Day of Augujl in the fame Year, the 4 Sovereign and Burgeffes of the Borough of Carysfort in the 4 County of Wicklow in Ireland, and their Succeffors, were also 4 incorporated; and by the said respective Charters the said King 4 Charles, among other things, granted to each of the said Corpo-4 rations divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, lying in the 4 said Counties respectively, in Truft for the only Ufe and Behoof of 4 a Scboolmafter to be resident in each of the said Towns refpec-4 tively : And whereas the Rents of the Lands granted by His late 4 Majelty King Charles the First, for the Ufe of the said Schools of 4 Armagh, Dungannon, Ennijkitlen, Raphoe and Cavan, have increased 4 to an Amount greater than is necessary for the convenient Main-4 tenanceof the said Matters : And whereas it is necessary for the 4 well ordering of the several Schools aforesaid, that the Commif-4 fioners appointed under this Aft should have full Power over, and 4 the entire Difpofal of the Rents and Profits of all the Lands afore-4 said ;* Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the palling of Rents and Pro. this Aft, the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments aforesaid, fits of Lands be-53 Geo. III.	E	e	granted	k*W"l«oM4

C. 107.

53* GEO. III.

AJD.i8i3*

ffoufe%*c.

School* verted in granted by His late Matefty King Charles the Pirft, for the Ufe of Commiflioaers. the Maftera of the Schools of jirmagh$ Dungannon, Emu/kilUn^ Rashoe, Cavan, Banagher and Carysfori shall be, and the lame ane hereby vested in the feid Commiffionera and their Succeflbrtforever; and the Rents, IfTuea and Profits thereof, shall from time to time be received by such Agent or Accents as the said Commiffionera for the time being shall appoint for that Purpofe as aforesaid, and shall be paid and applied by the Orders of the said Commiffionera, for and towards the Maintenance and Support of the Maftera of the said fie* veral Schools, and for such other Purpofes as the said Commiffionera are under this Ad directed and empowered to provide for and carry into EfFed for the Benefit of the said Schools.

Application of	XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

Funds of Schools and for the said Commiffionera under this Ad, from time to time and b Payment of at times, to order and direct that any Sum or Sums of Money be-in*&ho^bUlW" longing to any of the said Schools, the Eftates belonging to which are vested in Commiffionera under this Ad, shall be laid out and in-veiled in such Government Funds and Securities as such Cornmif* fioners shall from time to time think proper; and that such Share and Proportion as they shall think proper of the IfTues and Profits of all Funds or Eftates applicable to the Support of each and every or any of such Schools, shall be paid and applied to and for the foie Ufe and Benefit of the Schoolmafter of such School for the time being; and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that One or more Under Mailer or Under Maftera are necessary for any such School, then it shall be lawful for the said Commiffiooera to order and direct that such other Share or Proportion, or Shares or Proportions of such Hines and Profits as they shall think proper, shall be applied to the foie Ufe and Benefit of such Under Mafter or Under Maftera refpedivelv; and as to such Parts of such Ilfues and Profits as shall remain after the Payment of such Salary or Salaries to such Head Mafter or Under Mafter or Maftera, it shall be lawful for said Commissioners to order and direct that thereout such yearly or other Sum or Sums as shall be or be deemed necessary for the Purpofe shall be applied in or towards the purchasing, procuring, building, enlarging, repairing or furaifhing the School House, together with Grounds, Houfet and other Appurtenances and Accommodations necessary or useful for or towards tne convenient and proper Keeping of a School therein, according to the Powers hereinafter given to the laid Commiffionera ; and if any Refidue of such I flues and Profits shall remain, after such yearly or other Sums as shall be found or deemed sufficient for the several Purpofes aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for such Commif-fioaera to order and direct that such Refidue shall be applied to the supporting, maintaining and providing of such and so many Fire Scholars, according to such Arrangements, and in such Sums, Shares and Proportions, as shall be directed by any such Order ot Orders, and to the Endowment of such and so many Exhibitions to Trinity Coliege, to be held by such Persons and under such Regulations and Reftndions as to the laid Commissioners shall seem proper.

XIII. Provided always, and he it enacted. That the Commiffionera under this Ad shall have all such Powers of leafing and demifing ad and every the Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the (aid last mentioned Schools rcfpedively, as the several Trustees or other Persons in whom such Lands were vested immediately before the

palling

Power of leafing Lands, and Application of such Renta and Profits to each

A.D. 1813-

53* GEO. III.

C. 107.

4»*

Prefton’s Conveyance for School at Navan and Bally roan.

patting of this Aft had by Law for leafing and demifing the fait! Landl or Hereditaments irfpeftively; and that the Net Rents of the Lands granted by His late Majesty King Charles the First to each School respectively, after dedufting thereout the necessary Expences of the Agency and Management thereof, shall, during the Continuance of stich of the present Matters of those several Schools as have been legally appointed under any particular Conditions made according to Law by Persons duly authorized thereto, concerning the Diftribution or Application of the Incomes, Revenues or Emoluments of such School, or of the Matter thereof, be applied in the fame manner as they now arc; and from and after the Decease, Refignation or Removal of such Matter, or any of them, shall be applied solely and exclusively to the Ufc and Advantage of the laid School, and to such Endowments or Eftablifhments only as are connected therewith, in the manner and for the Purpofes hereinafter described.

1 XIV. And whereas John Prejlon, deceased, formerly an Alder-

•	man of Dublin, did by Deed, bearing Date some time in or about 4 the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty fix, grant and con-4 vey the Lands of Cabpaghloughlin, in the Queen's County in Ire*

•	land, then producing the Sum of Eighty Pounds yearly, to certain 4 Trustees therein named, and their Heirs for ever, in Truft to pay 4 a Schoolmafter of the Proteftant Religion, resident in the Town of 4 Navan in the County of Meath, the yearly Sum of Thirty five « Pounds 5 and to pay to a like Schoolmaster, resident in the Town 4 of Ballyroan in the Queen's County, the yearly Sum of Twenty five 4 Pounds 5 and to pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds yearly to the 4 Hofpital of King Charles the Second, in Oxmanjsown, Dublin;

4 the Nomination of the said Schoolmafters to be in the eldest Son

•	of the said John Prejlon and his Heirs Male, and the said Truftee*

•	and their Heirs, or the major Part of the said Persons for ever;

4 and in case of any Jncreafe in the Rents of the said Lands, the

•	Overplus to be disposed of by the said Persons, or the major Part 4 of them, for the Convenience of the said Schools, or such other 4 pious Ufes as the fame Persons, or the major Part of them,

4 should from time to time appoint s And whereas an Information 4 was in the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, filed 4 in the Court of Chancery in Ireland% to enforce the due and proper 4 Management of the said Schools of Navan and Ballyroan, which 4 Caufe is stili depending in the said Court, in which it has been 4 found necessary from time to time to make divers Orders for 4 effecting the beneficial Purpofes of the said Suit 2 And whereas 4 the Rents of the Lands of Cappagbloughlin, granted by the said 4 John Prejlon, deceased, for the Payment of the Matters of the 4 Schools of Navan and Ballyroan, have greatly increased 5 and it ap-4 pears from the Second Report made by the Commiflioncrs of En-

4 quiry appointed under an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of 46O.3. c.iia. 9 His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to revive and amend 4 an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord 4 Lieutenant to appoint CommiJJtoners for enquiring into the several 4 Funds and Revenues granted for the Purpofes of Education, and into 4 the State and Condition of all Schools in Ireland, that great Abufes 4 and Mifmanagement have taken place in the Application of the 9 Rents of the said Lands, and that a confiderable Part thereof re-4 mains yet unappropriatedBe it enacted, That it shall and may be

E e 1	lawful

Information flat in Court of Chancery in

1736.

4*o

uio7-

53° UJ2AJ. ill.

A.U. 15I3#

Commissioners may make

Visitations, kc. and direct Application of Funds, *c

46 G.3. C. I 22.

Other Schools of Private Foundation requiring Control ;*nd Regulation.

Cum mi (fioners may apply to Chancery to cn-fore Orders and Regulations relating Schools under Ait.

lawful for the Commifiioners under this A&, for the time being, for the Purpofes of ascertaining the due Management of the said Trust, and the Application of the Funds arising out of the said Lands, from time to time to make such Vifitations, Enquiries and Reports, and to direct that the lflues and Profits of the said Lands, and the Over, plus or Accumulation of such I flues and Profits, shall be applied in like manner as the said Commifiioners are empowered to do with re-fpeft to any other Schools of Private Foundation under or by virtue of this Adt; and that, from and after the palling of this Ad, the net Rents of the said Lands of Cappaghlougblin aforesaid shall at all times be divided into Three Parts, in the Proportion of the Annuities to be paid in pursuance of the Grant of the said John Preston to the said Hofpital in Oxmanjlown, and to the Mailers of the said Schools of Navan and Ballyroan ; that is to fay, in the Proportion of Four Sixteenths to be paid to the said Hofpital, Seven Sixteenths to be applicable to the Ufe of the School of Navan, and Five Sixteenths to the Ufe of the School of Ballyroan.

4 XV. And whereas there are in different Parts of Ireland various

*	other Schools of Private Foundation and Endowments, many of

*	which are mentioned and specified in the Twelfth and Thirteenth

*	Reports of the said Commifiioners, appointed under the said re-4 cited Adi of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, for Enquiry into the 4 several Funds and Revenues granted for the Purpofes of Education,

*	and into the State and Condition of all Schools in Ireland5 and 4 some of the said Schools are possessed of confiderable Ellates in 4 Land and other Property, with refpcdl to the Application of which 4 for the Purpofes of the several Schools, and to carry into Effcd 4 the Intentions of the Founders, certain Regulations may be re-4 quired \y Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiioners under this Ad, for the Purpofe of examining into the Management of the Funds of such Private School*, and the due Application of the fame, to visit and regulate all such Schools of Private Foundation and Endowment in Ireland\ as are endowed and supported by the Bequefls or Donations of the Founders thereof, or are assisted by any Parliamentary Grants from time to time; except always such Private Schools as are supported by the voluntary occaiional Contributions of private Individuals, and which have no fettled or permanent Funds or Endowments: and except also all Schools of Private Foundation for the Education of Persons profiling any Religion or religious Persuasion, other than that of the United Church of England and Ireland.

XVI. And be it further enadlcd, That in case of the Difobe-dience of any Order or Regulation of the Commifiioners under this Adi, or of any other Persons acting as Vifitors under their Authority, made respecting the said Schools of Private Foundation, whenever it shall feern expedient to the said Commifiioners that an Application should be made to the Lord High Chancellor, or to the Commif-fioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the time being, for the enforcing of any Order or Proceeding of the Commif-fioners under this Adi, for the better Regulation or Management of any such endowed Schools of Private Foundation in Ireland* as well as of any of the other Schools already described in this Adi ; it flialJ and may be lawful for the Commiflioner* under this Adi, to make a sum* mary Application by Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or to the

Commifiioners

4*1

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	III.	C.107.

Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, praying that an Order may be made by the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, on the subject of such Application ; whereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or the Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, upon such summary Application, to make such Order and to give such Diredion refptding any such endowed School in Ireland, of Private Foundation, as to him or them ftiall seem fitting and expedient for the Purpofes aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and to direct tnat the Cofts of such Application shall be paid out of any Fund or Funds appropriated to the Ufe or Benefit of the School respecting which such Application shall be made as aforesaid: Provided always, that in all cases in which an Application shall be made to the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, by the said Commiflioners under this Ad, whensoever it shall appear to the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, that the Mifmanagement of any such endowed School of Private Foundation, or the Mifapplication of its Funds and Revenues, are so great as to render the Dire&ors, Managers or Trustees thereof unfit to continue to have the Management of such endowed School of Private Foundation, or the Diredion or Application of the Funds and Revenues thereof; that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, and they are hereby empowered to declare and decree such Diredors, Managers or Trustees to be removed from the Trufts of such endowed School of Private Foundation, and the Management thereof; in which case the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, may further direct that the Execution of the said Truft or Trufts shall devolve upon and be veiled in the Commiflioners under this Ad, or be provided for in such other manner as the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, shall by his or their Order think fit to direct; which Commiflioners under this Ad, and their SuccefTors, or the other Persons on whom the Truft or Trufts shall so be decreed to devolve, shall in that case have the Funds and Revenues, Diredion and Management, of the said Schools veiled in them.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Agreement and Agreements in Writing heretofore made by the present Mailer of any of the Schools of Royal Foundation heretofore mentioned, under the Diredion of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or under the Diredion of the Lord Primate, concerting the Diftribution or Application of the Income, Revenues or Emoluments of such School, or of the Mafter thereof, or so granted for the Ufe of such School, or of the Mailer thereof as aforesaid, any Part, Share or Proportion of such Income, Revenues or Emoluments, shall be good, valid and effectual, according to the Terms thereof respectively, so long as such Mafter shall continue to hold the said Oslice, but no longer.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the School-mafters of the said several endowed Schools in Ireland, included within this Ad, shall continue to be respectively appointed in the fame manner in all respects as if this Ad had not palfed ; and that the Under Mafter or Mailers, if any shall be under this Ad

E e 3	endowed

Court of Chaa-cery may remove Trufteea, kc. of Private Schools, and commit Care thereof to Com-miflioneri.

Agreement* made with Millers of School* of Royal Foundation confirmed.

Appointment cf Mailers and Under Matters,

423

C.X07.

53" GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

CommidSoneri may apply to Lord Lieutenant for Ad-

Iuftalmtnu,

endowed at any of the said Schools, shall and may be appointed by the Head Mailer, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the several Persons in whom the Appointment of the Head Mailer or Mailers is veiled.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners under this A& for the time being, 4 (i iw	whenever	they shall deem it expedient so to do, to present a Petition

vance of Money to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of to build Schools, Ireland for the time being, setting forth the Neceffity of purchasing, See. repaid out of building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any School House be-Revenues by longing to any School under the Jurifdi&ion of the said Commissioners by virtue of this A61, or any of the Appurtenances or Accommodations belonging to or necessary for the convenient Ufe of such School, together with a particular Ellimate thereof and the Sum required for such Purpofe 5 and also setting forth, that the Profits of the Lands belonging to such School are insufficient to supply so large a Sum in convenient time, and praying that the fame may be advanced out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to some Person or Persons to be named in such Petition for that Purpose; and setting forth what yearly Sum, being not less than Ten per Centum on the Sum required, can be paid out of the Revenues of such School to replace the Sum so to be advanced ; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he pr they shall think proper so to do, to direct that such Sum as he or they shall thiuk proper, not exceeding the Sum required by such Petition, shall be advanced out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to such Person or Persons as shall be so named for that Purpose, either altogether or in such Payments or by such Inftah ments as the said Lord Lieutenant shall think proper : Provided always, that no such Sum or any Part thereof shall be so advaneed, until such Person or Persons shall have given good and sufficient Security, by Recognizance, with Two Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, for the faithful Expenditure of the fame, according to Particulars, and an Ellimate mentioned in the said petition.

XX* And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Advance of any such Sum and Sums out of the Confolidated Fund pf Ireland as aforesaid, the yearly Sums mentioned in such Petition for the Repayment of the fame shall be from time to time paid into the Office ot the Receiver General of the Duties of Cuiloms and Excife in Dublin, until the Whole of each and every such Sum or Sums so advanced shall be duly discharged 5 and all such Money so repaid and received shall be carried to and made Part, of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

XXIf Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful tq and for the said Commissioners under this A& to order ~!d	"f*	and dire£l that any Tenant or Tenants of any Lands belonging to

Psymenfof an7 such School, fqr which any such Sum or Sums shall be so jiual Jnipilmcntjh advaneed, together ^ith the Lands occupied by such Tenant ot Tenants, (haU be assigned over to such Person or Persons as shall be named for that Purpofe by the Lord High Treasurer or CommiflSopers

4.	*	*	'

Pronto,

Repayment of Sum* so fd-

Commit oners may direct Tenants and Lands

A.D.xti].

53® GEO. IH.

C.107.	4*)

for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, for the time being; and from thenceforth until such Tenant or Tenants, and the Land so occupied by such Tenant or Tenants*

shall be re-assigned, such Tenant or Tenants haring received Notice of such Affiznment, shall be bound to pay his or their Rent or Renta to such Person or Persons as if a regular Attornment had beeh executed; and it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to recover any such Rent, by Distress, Ejedment or otherwise, as the Person or Persons entitled to the said Rent might lawfully do $ and all and every Sum and Sums so received by such Person or Persons, his and their reasonable Cofts being; first dedu&ed, shall by him or them be paid into the Office of the laid Receiver General, to be applied in the manner and for the Purpofes aforesaid.

‘ XXII. And whereas by an Ad parted in Ireland, in the isEHs.(l.) 4 Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth) inti- «• *•

1	~~	ou;	it	was,	among	other

School within every Diocefe of Ireland; and that the Salanr of the Schoolmafter therein should be paid. One Third thereof by the Ordinary, and the other Two Third Parts by the Parfons,

Vicars, Prebendaries and other Ecclefiaftical Persons of the fame Diocefe: And whereas further Provifions for the more effectual erecting and better regulating of Free Schools in Ireland, were made by Two Ads parted in the Parliament of Ireland, the One s*0.i. c.9. in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, 190.0. c.7. and the other in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second: And whereas it hath happened, from various Causes, that in Several Diocefes in Ireland such Schools are not now duly kept and maintained, and it may be convenient that Two or more Diocefes should be united, for the Purpofe of keeping and maintaining such Schools 5* Be it therefore enacted, That it (hall	united

nd may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being under this Ad, in all cases in which they shall deem it expedient,	<*n*

by *pd with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to direct and declare that any Two or more adjoining Diocefes in Ireland, shall be united into one Diftrid* and to direct that the Free Schools of such Two or more Diocefes shall be consolidated into One Free School; to be thenceforth kept and held in such Place within the (aid Diocefes as the said Commissioners, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid,

shall in and by such Warrant direct for that Purpose; and thereupon and from thenceforth all and every Salaries and Salary payable to the Schoolmafters of the said several Diocefes so united, shall from thenceforth be payable to the Schoolmafter of such Diftrid only for his own foie Ule; and every such Schoolmafter shall have the tame Right to the said Salaries, and the fame Remedies and Advantages for and in respect of the rafsing, colleding and enforcing the fame respectively, as the several Schoolmafters of such Diocefes so united would or might respectively have had, in case such Union had not taken place under or by virtue of the (aid recited Ads or this

Aft.

XXIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That if in case any Appobtmsm of Two or more Diocefes shall be united into One Diftrid, under the sXotAmeAm'in

thenceforth be a Free

Ee 4

Provffione Unhid Dioctftt

C.ioy.

Provision for Support of Dio-ceun Schools appointed.

BiAiopsmay appoint Collectors to levy such Sums.

*c. empowered to convey hand to Commiflloiu-rs under A 't, for Scire ofPioce-jau bchook.

\

53° GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

Proviilons of this Adi, the Mafters of the Free Schools whereof are not appointed by the fame Person, then and in every such case, the First Appointment of a Schoolmafter for such united Diltndt, shall be made by the Person, who if such Union had not taken place, would have the Right of Appointment in that Diocefe from whence the Mailer of the School in such Diftricl fhnll derive the largest Portion ot his Salary ; and the Second Turn shall in like manner follow the Portion of Salary next in Amount, and so on to the lowed; after which the fame Rotation shall take place again, and continue from thenceforth.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to appoint what Provision, Stipend or Salary, shall he paid to the Schoolmaiter of every Dioccfan or Diftridt School, and what Portion and Portions of such Salary shall be railed and paid in each and every Diocefe of any such Diiiridts where such Diftridt School shall be established ; One Third Part of all which Sum or Sums of Money shall be levied on and paid by the said Bishops in their respective Diocefcs, and the remaining Two Third Parts of such Sum and Sums of Money shall be levied on ar.d paid by the said Parfons, Vicars, Prebendaries and other Ecclefiaftical Persons, by an equal Contribution according to the Values of their respective Benefices, to be from time to time ascertained by the Bilhcp of every Diocefe, by and with the Confcnt and Concurrence of the Archbifhop of the Province in which such Dioccle shall be situate.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop of every Diocefe in Ireland, to appoint One or more Col-ledtor or Collectors to receive all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so charged on and payable by such Bifhops and by such Parfons and other Ecclefiaftical Persons within such Diocefe; and to allow and pay to such Agent any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of One Shilling in the Pound, on all Money collected by him, as such Bifhop shall think fit ; and to take Security from such Agent for the due Payment of all such Sums and Sum of Money to the Schoolmafter or Schoolmafters of the School, in such Diocefe or in the Diftridt of which such Dicccfe may form a Part, according to the Provilions contained in the laid recited Adts and this Adt ; and that if any such Parfon or other Ecclefiaftical Person shall for the Space of Three Months after the Sum payable by him shall be demanded by such Collcdtor, refute or neglect to pay the fame to such Collector, it shall and may be lawful for the Archbilhop or Bifiiop to iequefter the Profits of the Benclice belonging to such Parfon or other Ecclefiaftical Person, for the Payment thereof, until the fame fhali be levied and paid.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That it thall and may be lawful for every Archbishop, Bishop, Dean and Chapter, Dean, Dignitary, Prebendary or Redior of any Parith, or for any Tenant in Fee Simple, Tenant in Tail or Tenant for Life with Remainder in Fee, or in Tail General or Special to his or her HTuc, or any of them, by Deed to be enrolled in the High Court ot Chancery in Ireland, to fet apart and convey to the said Commit* fiouers and their Succeffors, for the Ufe of any Diocefun or DiftriA

1	School,

4*5

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO. III.	C.	107.

School, any Piece or Parcel of Ground not exceeding Two Plantation Acres, which may be agreed to be chosen or appointed as aforesaid, for the Scite of such Diocefan or Diltridl School; and that such Piece of Ground so fet apart and conveyed, shall from thenceforth be the Scite of such School; and that all and every Piece or Parcel of Ground now held or used as and for the Scite of any Diocefan School, and which at any time hereafter shall cease to be used as such, shall {land and be veiled in the said Com-miffioners and their Succefibrs, who shall have Power to demise the fame for any Term not exceeding Thirty one Years, without Fine, and for the bell Rent that can be reasonably got for the fame ; and to apply the Rent thereof for the Ufe of the School of such Diocefe or District, in such manner as they shall think proper; or to fell the Fee and Inheritance thereof, or such Term or Intereft therein as shall be so veiled in them, and to apply the Purchafe Money in like manner.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That, for the obtaining and providing of School Houses, in such Situations as the Commillioners under this Adi may deem proper and convenient, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commillioners under this Adi for the time being, to purchase to them and their SuccelTors respectively Houfes already built, with Convcniencies thereunto belonging, or Lands and Tenements, fit for such Buildings and Conveniencies for School Plouses, and for the Habitations of Schoolmallers and their Succcf-fors, for ever, thenceforth to be Part of the Demefne and Land belonging to any School unalienable, and not to be let or disposed of to any other Ufe whatever; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commillioners under this Adi, for the time being, by Deed or Deeds, to exchange any Part of the Demefnes or Lands belonging to any School under the Jurifdiction of the said Comrailfioners. with any Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politic, for Lands of equal Value, Worth and Purchase, lying more convenient for the Scite of any such School than such Demefnes or Lands of the said Schools so to be exchanged; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Persons and Person, being seised of an Ellate Tail in Pofleffion, and for all and every Persons and Person being seised of an Ellate for Life in Pofleffion, by his or their Deed or Deeds under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to grant, fell and exchange such his or their Lands, or any Part thereof, for any Demefne for any Free School, or for any Mailer of a Free School, in such manner and to such EfFedt as Persons seised of any Ellate Tail in Pofleffion, or any Eflate for Life in Pofleffion, are enabled to grant, fell or exchange such Lands, under or by virtue of any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relative to exchange of Glebe Lands, or for the Encouragement of Protellant Schools there, and under such Rellriclions and Regulations as are contained in an Acl made by the Parliament of Ireland, in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne> for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in Ireland, or any A6t or Adis for amending the fame, or for extending the Benefits thereof.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in which any Diocefan School or Diftridt School, or the Scite appointed for the fame,

lhall

Commiflioners empowered to porclttfe Houses, exchange Lands, &c. for Scite* of Schools

2 Ann .(I.) c.io.

Pref ntment* by Grand Juries to build School-houses, &c.

426	C.io7>io8.	53rGEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

shall be, to present on the County any Sum or Sums which thfy shall think proper, for purchasing, providing, building or repairing any such School House or a Dwelling House, for the Matter thereof, or any of the Offices or Appurtenances properly belonging to such School House or Dwelling House, or for purchasing or procuring a Scite for the fame, not exceeding the said Quantity of Two Plantation Acres: Provided always, that whenever any Grand Jury shall make such Preferment for any School House or Dwelling House as and for the School House of the Diocefe only, within which such County shall be situate, 'or as and for the Dwelling House of the Schoolmafler of such Diocefan School only, such Diocefe shall not be or remain united to or with any other Diocefe, under any of the Provifions of this Adi ; but such Diocefan School shall be supported within its proper Diocefe only; and the Money raised in such Diocefe shall be applied solely and entirely to the Ufe of such Diocefan School, and not to any Diftrid School, or other School out of such Diocefe.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons liable to be summoned under any of the Provifions in this Ad contained, or having the Care or Cullody of any Papers, Voucher?, Books, Deeds, Evidences, Terriers, Maps, Surveys or other Documents required to be produced by the Commissioners under this Ad, shall, after being duly summoned, omit to attend, or shall refuse or decline to be examined on Oath, or to produce any of the said Papers, Vouchers, Books, Deeds, Evidences, Terriers, Maps, Surveys or other Documents, then and as often as it (ha 11 so happen, every such Person shall he deemed guilty of disobeying this Ad ; and being duly convicted thereof before 3ny One Magifirate, for every such Offence shall be fined such Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as such Magiftrate shall think proper.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who by this Ad are required to be examined on Oath, or to take any Oath in the Execution of this Ad, shall wilfully swear falsely, such Person or Persons being thereof duly convicted according to Law, shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Difabilities, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to by any Law or Law9 in force in Ireland.

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft for altering, explaining and amending an Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britainy with regard to the Duties on Re-iffuable Promiffory Notes, and on Conveyances on the Sale and Mortgage of Property ; for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to give Relief in Cafes of spoiled Stamps, and to remit Penalties; for exempting certain Inftruments from Stamp Duty; and for better securing the Duties on Stage Coaches. [10th July 1813.]

48G.3.V.Z49.	* TT7HEREAS by an Ad, passed in the Forty eighth Year of

4 VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law-Proceedings, and other •written or 4 printed Injlruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Succejftotu to Per-

• fonal

Persons fum-moned, not attending.

Penalty.

Perjury,

Ciio8*

4*7

A.D.i8t3.

53* GEO. III.

fonal Eftate upon InUjUries mow payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in Gen thereof certain Stamp Duties were Sch.Purt.1. unpofcd upon Promiffory Notes for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demaod: And it was enacted, that it should be lawful S 1J* for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Perfona, who should hare made and issued any Promiffory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money, not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, duly (lamped according to the Diredions of the said Act, to re-iffue the fame from time to time after Payment thereof, as often as he or they should think fit, without being liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and that it (hotud alio be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons who should hare made and issued any Pro* miffory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly damped according to the Diredions of the said Ad, from time to time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-iffue any such Pro* miffory Notes without being liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof: And whereas divers Promiffory Notes of the De-fenption aforesaid, made and issued by Bankers or other Persons in Partner ship, have after the Payment thereof been re-issued, by and as the Notes of some only of the Persons who originally made and issued the fame, or by and as the Notes of One or more of such Persons, and some other Person or Persons taken into Partnerfhip with him or them, without Payment of any further Duty in respect thereof; whereby Penalties have been incurred to a great Amount, and such Notes are not available to the Holders thereof for want of being duly damped; And whereas it is expedient to indemnify such Persons as have incurred Penalties by this Midake of the Law, aad to exempt Promiffory Notes of the Defcription aforesaid, for which the Duty shall have been once paid, from the Payment of any further Duty; and also to limit the time for re-iffuing such Pro-miffory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Two ShillingsMay it therefore please Your Majedy, that it may be nacted; and be it euaded bv the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling indemnity from of this Ad, all Persons who shall have incurred any Penalty or Pe- Penalties iiu nalties by the ways and means aforesaid, shall be and they are curred. hereby indemnified from the fame; and that, from and after the Promiffory palling of this A d, all Promiffory Notes for the Payment to the Notes for icxx Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money not exceeding One orh!c?,.(or hundred Pounds, for which the proper Sump Duties (haS have "n<£ JJyjjJ been once paid according to the Provifions of the said Ad, and which what case ex-(hall have been or shall be re-iffued at any time or times before or empted from after the palling of this Ad, shall be deemed and taken not to have farther Duty* been liable to, and shall be exempted from the Payment of any further Duty by reason or on account of the fame being or having been jrefpedively re-iffued by and as the Notes of some only of the Perfona who originally made and issued the fame, or by and as the Notes of pay 009 or more of the Persons who originally made and issued the

lame

428

C. 108.

To what Notes Exemption not to extend.

PromifTory Notes for zl. 2s. or under, not rc-iffiied after Expiration of Three Years from Date in England.

Re-iflTuine such Notes after Thrte Years, not cancelling lame.

Penalty.

Further Duty on Notes re if-

o

Act.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

fame, and any other Person or Person* jointly, so that such Note* shall not have been or shall not be in any manner erased or altered after the first making and issuing thereof; and so that such Notes for any Sum exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings shall not hate been or shall not be re-iflued after the Period allowed by the said recited Act ; and so that such Notes, for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings shall not be re-iflued after the Period allowed tv this Atl.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Person or Persons in Scotland\ or to any PromifTory Notes re-iflued or to be re-ifTued by any Person or Persons in Scotland, or to any PromifTory Notes upon which any Adfcion or Suit shall hart been commenced and be depending at the time of the palling of this Adi for the Recovery of the Sums therein mentioned, or which shall be necessary to be given in Evidence in any Adlion or Suit depending at the time of the palling of this A61, or which shall have been re-ifTued by any Person or Persons not being the original Maker or Makers thereof, against whom any Commiflion of Bankrupt shall have been issued and be in progress at the time of the palling of this Adi.

Ill And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, no Pro-miffory Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sun not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, shall be re-i/Tued by any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever in England (lave and except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England), at any time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof; but that all such PromifTory Notes for any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings (except those of the Bank of England), shall upon Payment thereof at any time after the said Tenth Day of OQober One thousand eight Hun-dred and thirteen, and after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, be deemed and taken to be thereupon wholly dif-charged, vacated and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or available in any maimer whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by the Person or Persons paying the fame 5 any thing in the said recited A6t contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if anr Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) shall re-issue, or cause or permit to be re-ifTued, any such PromifTory Note at a iy time after the said Tenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and after the Expiration of Three Yean from the Date thereof, or if any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, paying or causing to be paid any such PromifTory Note, shall refuse or n. ghel to cancel the fame according to the Directions of this Act, then and in either of those cases the Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and in case of any such PromifTory Note being re-iflued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this A Cl, the Banker or Bankers or other Person or Per-Tons rc-iffuing the lame, or causing or permitting the fame to be re-ifTued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs atid Succeffors, for a further Duty in rvfpeCl of even* f»ch Note, of such arid the fame Amount as would hare been chargeable

tlicrcoa

C. ro8.

429

thereon in case the fame had been then issued for the first time, and so from time to time as often as the fame shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly, aa a Debt to Hi9 Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors ; and if any Person or Perfona shall receive or take any such Note in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expressed, knowing the fame to be re-iflued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, he, Ihe or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and the said several Penalties hereby imposed shall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and shall and may be recovered in such and the fame manner as any other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws in force relating to the Stamp Duties.

IV.	And, to remove Doubts that have arisen, be it furtherenaded and declared. That Copies of Court Roll made subsequent to the Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and eight, of Surrenders made in Court prior to that Day, upon the Mortgage or Sale of Copyhold or Cuftomary Estates, were not intended and shall not be deemed or taken to be charged with any of the ad valorem Duties imposed by the said Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, under the Head of Mortgage or of Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands.

V.	And be it further enacted, That where any Deed or Inftru-ment, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, shall also operate as a Conveyance of any other than the Property fold, by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpofe whatever, or shall also contain any other Matter or Thing befideswhat shall be incident to the Conveyance of the Property fold, every such Deed or In-flrument shall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it shall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property and to any pro-greflive Duty to which it may also be liable, with such further Stamp Duty, as any separate Deed containing the other Matters would have been chargable with, exclusive of the progressive Duty; but all Deeds or Inftruments of this Description, made before the palling of this Ad, if any, shall be deemed duly (tamped and valid, although the fame (hail not have paid any such further Stamp Duty.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That where any Lands or other Property separately contracted to be purchased of different Persons, shall be conveyed to the Purchafer, or according to the Purchafer’s Direction, in and by one and the fame Deed or Inltrument, such Deed or Inltrument shall be charged with the ad valorem Duties imposed by the said Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, on Conveyances on the Sale of Property, for and in eefped of tiie separate Prices paid or agreed to be paid for such Lands or other Property, and not for and in respect of the aggregate Amount thereof; but all Deeds or Inftruments of this Defcription made before the palling of this Ad, if any, shall be deemed duly damped and valid, whether the said ad valorem Duties shall have been paid-for the fame, according to the aggregate Amount of the Purchafc' Monies, or in the manner hereby directed.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That where the Equity or Right' of Redemption or Reverlaon of any Lands, or other Property, in Mortgage or Wadfct, or Handing pledged or charged for or with the Payment of any Sum of Money, shall be conveyed to or for the Benefit of or according to the Direction of the Peribn or Perfons

entitled

Taking Notes, knowing fame to be re-iflued contrary to Ad. Penalty.

Certain Copies of Court Roll declared exempt from ad valorem Duties.

Conveyances on Sale, containing' other Matters, to pay a further Duty.

Conveyances of Property pur-chaled of different Persons, how charged with.id valorem Duties.

Conveyances of

F<]uity or Ri.’hc

01 Redemption ;>r Rtveiiion of Trop-rt) in M -rt.-n’e or Wat:lit, in Con-'

43<>

C. 108.

53° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

(ioeration 0£ Money due, te pay ad valorem Duty.

Duplicate* of Mortgages or Conveyances on Si\t, one Part only charged.

Several Deeds for e deling Conveyance of Property fold,, and Doubts arU Cog which ita principal Deed liable to ad valorem Duty, Parties may determine.

Stamps for denoting Payment of ad valorem Duties on Mortgages on certain lnftru-ments exempted therefrom by 4*0.3. 6X49*

Powers of

CommifOuners •f Sumps, for

entitled to the Money charged thereon, either in Confideration of the Money due, or in Confideration of that and of any further Sum, paid or agreed to be paid, the Conveyance thereof shall be deemed and taken to he a Conveyance upon tne Sale of Property, and the Money due shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchafe Money or Part of the Purchafe Money for the fame, as the case may be, and the Con-rcyance shall be liable to the ad valorem Duty accordingly ; but all Conveyances of this Sort made before the palling of this A6k, if any, shall be deemed duly (lamped and valid, although the fame shall not have paid the ad valorem Duty in respect of the Money due.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That where there shall be Duplicates or Triplicates made of any Inftrument, by the said A6t of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, charged with the ad valorem Duty thereby imposed on Mortgages, or on Conveyances on the Sale of Lands or other Property, one of such Duplicates or Triplicates only shall be charged with the said ad valorem Duty, and the other or others of them (hall- be exempted therefrom, but shall nevertheless be charged with the orditiary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general; and the Comraiffioners or Stamps, upon the whole being produced to them, duly (lamped as hereby required, shall cause the Tatter to be also Ramped with some particular Stamp, for denoting or tedifying the Payment of the said ad valorem Duty.

IX* And be it further enabled, That where there shall be several Deeds or InRruments for effecting the Conveyance of any Property upon the Sale thereof, and any Doubt shall arise which is the principal Deed or Inftrument chargeable with the ad valorem Duty in refpe£l of such Sale, in cases not expressly provided for by the said Ack of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, it shall be lawful for the Parties concerned to determine for themselves which shall be the principal Deed or Inftrument; and upon all the (aid Deeds or Instalments being produced, and appearing to be duly Ramped, it shall be lawful for the (aid Commilnoners of Stamps to cause those which shall not be Ramped with the ad valorem Duty, to be also damped with some particular Stamp, for denoting or tedifying the Payment thereof.

X* And be it further enacted. That in cases of Deeds and Inftru-ments by the said Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign exempted from the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, on the Ground of the fame being made in pursuance of and conformably to any Agreement, Contrail or Bond thereby charged with, and which shall aSuallv have* paid the laid ad valorem Duty, it shall be lawful for tha said Commiffiooers of Stamps, where it shall appear to them to be necessary for the Sake of Evidence, to cause such exempted Deeds or Inftruments to be also damped with some particular Stamp, for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said ad valorem Duty ; provided such Deeds or Inftruments shall have paid the other Duties to which they shall be liable, and be produced duly damped accordingly*

• XI. And whereas the Powers at present veiled in the Com-4 miffioners of Stamps for the Allowance and Exchange of fpolled 4 Stamps, are not sufficiently extensive, and it is expedient to autho-4 rise them to give Relief in the cases hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this A$f it shall be bwfol for the Commiffiooers of Stamps to allow as

spoiled,

C. io8.

43*

spoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamp® in lien of all such Stamps as (hail have been used for or upon any Prefentations to Ecdcfiaftical Benefices, which shall not be followed by Inftitution 5 or for or upon any Inftruments which shall have been signed by any Party or Parties, but which shall be afterwards found to be absolutely void in Law from the beginning, or which by reason of any Error or Miftake therein shall be afterwards found unfit for the Purpofe originally intended, or which, by reason of the Death of any Person, whose Signature shall be necessary thereto, without having signed the fame, or by reason of the Refufal of any such Person to sign the fame, cannot be completed, so as to effect the Tranfadion in the Form proposed, or which, for want of the Signature of some material and neceffaiy Party, shall in fad be incomplete and inefficient for the Purpofe intended, or which, by reason of the Refufal of any Person to ad under the fame, or by the Refufal or Non acceptance of any Office thereby granted, shall fail of their intended Purpose, or which, for want of Inrolment or Regiftration within the time required by Law, shall become null and void, or which shall become useless in confe-quence of the Tranfadion therein mentioned being effected by some other Inftrument or Inftruments duly (lamped, so that the Inftruments for which an Allowance of Stamps shall be claimed in the several cases aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the said Commissioners to be cancelled ; and provided the Application for the Relief which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give, shall be made within Six Calendar Months after tne passing of this Ad, or within Six Calendar Months after the Date of the Inftrument in Queftion, except where the fame shall become void for want of Inrolment within Six Calendar Months from the Date, and in those cases, within Six Calendar Months next after the fame shall so become void ; and except where (he fame shall have been sent abroad, and in those cases, within Six Calendar Months after the fame shall be received back; and provided no Adion shall have been brought or Suit commeneed, in which such Inftrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence; and provided all the Fads upon which the said Com-miffioners are hereby authorized to give Relief, shall be fully proved Oath, or foleum Affirmation in the case of Quakers, to their Satisfadion.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained respecting the Allowance of spoiled Stamps, shall extend to Policies of Infurance, for which special Provifion is already made by the Ads relating thereto.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the time for giving Relief, ia the cases provided for by an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Ma-iefty’s Reign, where Stamps shall have been uled of greater or le(s Value than the Inftruments required, and where Stamps shall have been used for Inftruments not liable to any Stamp Duty, shall be extended to Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Ad, or to Six Calendar Months after the Date of the Inftruments bearing the Stamps misused.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of, all such Stamps as shall have been used for any Bills of Exchange or Promif-fory Notes, which shall have been signed by or on the behalf of the

Drawers

allowing and exchanging spoiled Stamps, extended to a variety of cases of In-ftruments figoed by Parties.

Provifo for Policies of Infurance.

50G.3.C.3J.

* 13—16. Time extended for Relief in certain cases of Sumps misused.

Provifo for Allowance of spoiled Stamps on Bills of Exchange and Pro-miftory Notes.

L..I03.

53ill.

A.U1IS13.

4% G. 3. c. 149. § 10.

Provifb for Allowance of as

fpoileda on cer-t.iin Articles of Cleiklhi}) to Attornicl

A\ p’ cation for AI o mce of spoil il Stamps, m n’e within a

■imit J ti ^e.

Drawers thereof, but which shall not have been delivered out of their Hands to the Payees therein named, or any Person on their behalf, or have been deposited with any Person as a Security for the Payment of Money, or have been any way negotiated, issued or put in circulation, or have been made use of in any other manner whatsoever, and which Bills of Exchange fha!l not have been accepted by the Drawees or tendered for such Acceptance ; provided that such Bills of Exchange and Promiffory Notes shall be brought for Allowance, and be delivered up to the said Commiflioners to be cancelled, within Six Calendar Months after the pafling of this Ad, or within Six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bills and Notes, or after the Signing of the fame, if they shall not bear any Date ; and provided all the Fa&s, upon which the said Commiflioners are hereby authorized to give Relief, shall be fully proved by Oath or folema Affirmation to their Satisfa£tion.

* XV. And whereas by the said Aid of the Forty eighth Year of

*	His Majefty’s Reign, it was ena6ted. That where any Person should 4 have become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his AdmifBon 4 as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majefty’s Courts at ffrjl-4 minjler, or in any of the Courts of the Great Sefiions in IValts, or 4 of the Counties Palatine of Chrjlcr, Lancaster and Durham, or m 4 any other Court of Record in England, by Articles of Clerkfhip 4 duly damped according to the Laws in force at the time of the

*	Date and Execution thereof, and should, in consequence of the 4 Death of his Matter, or from any other Cause, find it neceflaryor 4 expedient to enter into new Articles of Clerkship, for a new Term of

*	Years, for the fame Purpose, such new Articles of Clerkfhip should 4 be chargeable only with a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shilling?,

*	and the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof with the like Duty;

4 And whereas some Persons have inadvertently' used for such new 4 Articles of Clerkship, Stamps of the fame Value as by the bid

*	A& is required for original Articles of Clerkship, whereby the high 4 Duty on Articles of Clerkfhip hath been paid twice by or for the 4 fame Person Be it therefore further enacted. That in all cases of this Sort, which have occurred or shall occur, it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of the Stamps used on the Articles of Clerkfljip first entered into ; provided the fame shall be delivered up to them to be cancelled within Six Calendar Months after the parting of this A£t, or within Six Calendar Months after the Execution of the new Articles ; and provided the Party applying for Relief shall pay the Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings by the said Ad charged on such new Articles, which shall thereupon be stamped accordingly without Payment of any Penalty.

XVI. And be it further enabled, That where the Commiflioners of Stamps are already authorized to allow as spoiled and to exchange any Stamps used for Inftniments not fully written, or not rtgned br any Party, they the said Commiflioners shall not make the Allowance, unless the Stamps shall be brought for that Purpofe to them at their Head Office, or to their Officers at Edinburgh in case of Stamps spoiled in Scotland, within Six Calendar Months after the pafling of this A 61, or within Six Calendar Months after the fame shall hare hem spoiled, if the fame shall belong to Persons refideut in London or Wejlminjlcr, or in Edinburgh, or within Ten Miles thereof resp.’c-

433

A.D.i8i3»

53° GEO.IIL

G ioflk

tively, or within Twelve Calendar Months after the lame shall have been spoiled, if belonging to Persons resident elsewhere.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiftioner* Commissioners of Stamps to make such Rules and Regulations, and of Sta™l,s

to require Affidavits or solemn Affirmations in the case of Quakers, mdke of all fnch Fads and Circumstances, in regard to the Allowance of Affidavits' ^ (boiled or useless Stamps, in all or any of the cases provided for by fpeHing f}>oiled this or any former Ad, as they mall in their Difcretion judge Stamp, to pre-neceffary or expedient, for the Purpofe of preventing. Frauds and vent Frauds. Evafions; such Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the said Commissioners or any One or more of them, or before a Mailer in Chancery Ordinary or Extraordinary in England, or before any Person duly commissioned to take Affidavits by the Court of Session or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland ; who are hereby respectively authorized to take the fame* and adminiller the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpofe.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person making Perjury, any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid* shall knowingly and[ wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning any of

the Matters to be therein specified and fet forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in force,

Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

€ XIX. And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Infirnments Exemptions from Stamp Duty;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, where any additional Inventory of the Duty* Perfonal or Moveable Eftate and Effeds of any Person deceased, which shall be exhibited to be recorded in any Commiflary Court in Scotland, pursuant to the Diredions of the said Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign would not be liable, under the 48G.3. c 149. said Ad, to a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already § 40. paid upon any former Inventory exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and Effeds of the fame Person, such additional Inventory shall be exempted from all Stamp Duty 5 and that, from and after the puffing of this Ad, the several other lnftruments hereinafter specified, shall also be exempted from all Stamp Duty; that is to fay. All Bonds to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, which shall be entered into by Card makers, for securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Playing Cards; and by the Proprietors, Printers or rublilhers of Newfpapers, for securing the Payment of the Duties upon the Advertifements therein contained; and by Stationers or others, who fell Paper stamped for the Purpofe of being used for printing Newfpapers, for the due Performance and Observance of the Matters and Things required of them by the Ad passed in the Thirty eighth 380.3.0.7$* Year of His Majefty's Reign for regulating the printing and Publication of Newfpapers $ and also all W arrants to lue and defend in the Courts Baron of any Honors or Manors which hold Picas in Adions or Suits for any Debt or Damages not exceeding Five Pounds, as well as all Plaints, Summonfes, Executions, Writs and other Proceedings, in or issuing out of such Courts.

* XX. And whereas certain Grants of or Appointments to Offices

•	or Employments signed by His Majesty, or by the Lords Com*

*	miffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, have not from unavoidable

53 Geo. III.

Ff

* circuits

434

C. 108.

53* GEO. IH.	A.D.1813.

Commiflioners of Stamps authorized to ftatnp certain Inftru-xnents without Paualty.

44 C.j. «.98.

*5 C. 3. c. ji.

Stage Coach Duties.

*	circiimftancea been brought to the Commiflioners of Stamps to be 4 damped within the time limited by Law, by reason whereof the 4 fame cannot now be damped, without Payment of Penalties over and

*	beddes the Duties; and it is expedient to give Relief in such cases Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com-miflionersof Stamps, by and under the Authority of the Lords Com-miflioners of His Majefty's Treasury for the time being or any Three of them, to came to be damped, such Grants or Appointments as aforesaid ; and also any Grants or Appointments of the like Description, which may hereafter be omitted to be damped within the time allowed by Law on Payment only of the Duties due and payable for the fame, without any Penalty ; and thereupon all such Grants or Appointments shall be deemed good and valid 5 and all Persons shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures oa account thereof.

4 XXL And whereas by an Aft passed in the Forty fourth Year 4 of His Majefly's Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal the several 4 Duties under the Commijhoncrs for managing the Duties upon Stamped 4 Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new 4 and additional Duties in lieu thereof; certain Duties were granted 4 on Coaches and other Carriages employed as Public Stage Coaches 4 or Carriages for conveying Paffengerj for Hire, and also on

*	Licences for keeping the fame; which Duties are secured and 4 collected by and under the Regulations and Provifions of the said 4 lad mentioned Aft, and of an Aft passed in the Twenty fifth

*	Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for repealing, among other Duties,

*	the then existing Duties on Stage Coaches, and granting others 4 in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient to make further 4 Provifion for preventing Frauds and Evafions of the Duties 4 on Stage Coaches, and for regulating and enforcing the taking

*	out of Licences for the fame ;* Be it therefore further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Aft, if any Person or Persons shall keep and employ or let out any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calasti, Chaife Marine, Chaise, Chair or other Carriage with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever the fame may be called or known, as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Puiyofe of conveying PafTengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, without having a Licence from the Commiflioners of Stamps for that Purpose, such Person or Persons shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for such and the fame Duty or Duties as he, (he or they would have been chargeable with and liable to pay for or in respect of such Coach or other Carriage under and by virtue of the said Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in case he, (he or they had made the Declaration concerning the fame required by the said Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and had thereupon obtained a proper Licence for employing or letting out such Coach or other Carriage for the particular Journey, Diftance or Number of Miles, and for the Number of Joumies in the Day or Week, and for the Number of PafTengers which he, (he or they shall at any time have advertised or have otherwise notified or held out to the Public, or to any Person, that such Coach 01 other Carriage was intended oa was employed to go and carry* or which such Coach

l$

C. 108.

435

A.D.1813.

530 GEO. III.

or other Carriage shall actually have gone and carried, at any one Period after the fame shall have been fet up as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, at the Election of the said Commiflioners of Stamps ; and that the Person or Persons, so keeping and employing or letting out such Coach or other Carriage (half be chargeable with ana accountable for such Duty or Duties for the fame from the time of such Coach or other Carriage being fet up as a Stage Coach or Carriage, or being first employed or used as such, without such Licence as aforesaid, down to the time of his, her or their taking out a Licence for the fame, or absolutely difcontiouing the Ufe thereof; and also with and for the Duty or Duties which would have been payable for the proper Licence or Licences which lie, (he or they ought to have taken out for or in respect of such Coach or other Carriage during the fame Period.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That all Licences for keeping Stage Coach Coaches or other Carriages to be employed as Public Stage Coaches Licence*, or Carriages for conveying Paflengers for Hire to and from different

Places in Great Britain, which shall have been granted at any time within Six Calendar Months preceding the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall continue in force until the Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen inclusive; and that all Licences for keeping such Coaches or other Carriages, which shall have been granted before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and which shall be in force on the Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall cease and determine on that Day, and new Licences shall be taken out in lieu thereof on the Dar following; and that, from and after the Thirty first Day of Jufy One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, all Licences for keeping such Coaches or other Carriages to be employed as aforesaid, which shall be granted between the Thirty first Day of July and the First Day of September in any Year, shall be dated on the First Day of Augufl ; and all such Licences which shall be granted at any* other time shall be dated on the Day on which the fame shall be granted; and all such Licences respect ively shall have Effeft and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty first Day of July following, both inclusive, and no longer: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to exteud to any of the Stage Coaches licenced by the Commiflioners of Hackney Coaches.

XXIII.	And, for better securing the Duties in general under Duties and P«-the Management of the Commiflioners of Stamps, be it further nakiemcoveted enacted, That in all Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations and Pro- with ceedings, had, commeneed, prosecuted, entered or filed, or hereafter

to be had, commeneed, prosecuted, entered or filed, in the Name of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or in the Name of any Person for and on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, for the Recovery of any Duties, Debts or Penalties granted or imposed, due or payable by or under any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commiflioners of Stamps, or by or under this Aft, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to have 3nd recover such Duties, Debts and Penalties, with full Code of Suit, and all Charges attending the fame.

F f a	XXIV. And

43 6	O.io8, 109. 53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Commiflicners XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for of Stamps may the Commissioners of Stamps to stay the Proceedings in any Pro-ecution commenced by their Direftion for the Recovery of any for Penalties, Penalty or Penalties incurred by any Person or Persons under any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to any of the Duties under Part thereof. their Management, on Payment of Part only of such Penalty or Penalties, with or without Cods, or on Payment only of the Cods incurred in such Profecution, or any Part thereof, as the (aid Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient; and that it shall also be lawful for the (aid Commissioners, at their Difcretion, to give all or any Part of the Sums paid by way of Penalty in such Profecutions as aforesaid, to the Persons informing them of the Offences in respect of which the fame shall be paid.

OffVnces tried in XXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling County,kc. of this Aft, all Criminal Offences committed againd or in breach r r of any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, for granting or offender appre- ^ecur*nff any of the Duties under the Management of the Com-i ended.	miffioners of Stamps, shall and may be inquired of, tried and deter-

mined, either in the County or City, or Town and County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Party or Parties accused, or any of them, shall be apprehended.

CAP. CIX.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain. [loth July 1813.]

♦ TT T HERE AS the Laws hereinbefore mentioned have by Expe-4 VV rience been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring,

4 and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Sn mutj10f	by the Authority of the fame, That so much of an Aft made in

49 G. 3. c.63. the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled at was continued An A3 for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in mating Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Colledion of the said Duties, as was by another Aft made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid, continued until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 and was, by another Aft made in the Fifty lecond Year of the Reign aforesaid, further continued to the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be and the fame 11 hereby further continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That an Aft made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in mating FFint and Phial Glafs ; and for granting until the Firjl Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for con• tinuing and amending an A8 passed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majejly's Reign, intituled An Ad for repealing the Duties on the

Materials

by 51 G.3. c.69. § 46. further continual.

gi G. 3. c. 69.

continued.

'N

L

437

A.D.i8i3*	53*	GEO. III.	C.io9tiio.

Material$ u/ed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better ColleSion of the said Duties, which was, by an A€t, made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid, continued until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. CX.

An AQ. to suspend the Exportation of Foreign Spirits from Great Britain to the JJle of Man under Licence from the Commissioners of Cuftoms, and to permit the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Irijh Spirits in lieu thereof, under Licence from the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, from certain Ports of that Part of the Kingdom to the said Me, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	£ I oth July 1813]

WHEREAS it is expedient that so much of an A& passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for regulating and encouraging the Trade% for the Improvement of the Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Me of Man, as requires the Commiflioners of His Majesty *8 Cuftoms in England and Scotland respectively, or any Four of them, to grant Licence^ for the Importation into the Port of Douglas in the Isle of Man from any Port or Place whatever of certain Quantities of Foreign Brandy and Geneva annually, should be suspended for a time to be limited, and that in lieu thereof, for the like Quantity of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, should be allowed to be imported into the said Me from certain Ports in Ireland, under the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftri<ftions, and on Payment of the fame Duty as is now payable on Foreign Brandy and Geneva so imported ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Kings Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the, fame, That so much of the said recited A6t as requires the said Commiflioners to grant Licences for the Importation into the said Port of Douglas from any Port or Place whatever of Foreign Brandy and Geneva, shall be, and the fame is hereby suspended, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and in lieu thereof it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised, either to grant such Licences for such Foreign Brandy and Geneva, if the lame shall be demanded, under the Provifions of the said recited Aor in lieu thereof, if the fame shall be lawfully demanded, under the Authority of this A6t to grant their Licences to be in force from the Date of every such Licence respectively, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Importation into the Port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, but to no other Place, in Britifb or Iri/h-built Ships, owned, navigated and

F f 3	regiftered

jiG. 3. c.54. $*•

45 G. 3. c.99.

§ x.

Inftead of Licences for Importation into Port of Douglas of Foreign Brandy and Geneva Licences granted, for Importation of Spirits distilled in Ireland, on Payment of Duty of 3s. per Gallon.

C. iio, in.

Former Afls relative to Importation into Isle of Man extended to A€t.

54 G. 3. c. 103. repealed.

VefTels on Mailer’s taking Oath of Allegiance, &c. by 3S O.i. c.91. i 17. 3»-nottolofe Benefit of Fifhing Voyage, though other Oaths not token.

530 GEO. in.	A.D.1813.

regiftered according to Law, and not of less Burthen than Fifty Tons, of Twenty thousand Gallons of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Com or Grain malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, and no more, from any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes in any Port in Ireland where such Spirits are allowed to be bonded and secured for the Purpofe of Exportation; and that on the Importation of such Spirits into the said IJleof Man there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for every Gallo* of such Spirits the Sum of Three Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity ; any thing in any other Adi or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That on the Importation of such Spirits into the Isle of Man pursuant to this Adi, all the Roles, Regulations, ReftriAions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Adi of the Forty fifth Year, or in any other Adi or A As of Parliament in force or relating to the Importation of Foreign Brandy and Genera into the (aid Isle of Man> and to the Payment, Recovery and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, ReftriAions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Adi or A As or Laws in force in relation to the Isle of Many Audi, so far as they are not hereby altered or varied, and in relpeA of which no other Provifion is made by this AA, be and are hereby declared to be in full Force, and to extend to Irijh Spirits so to be imported into the Isle of Man under the Authority of this AA, so far as the fame refpeAively will apply, as fully and effeAually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enadied in this AA.

CAP. CXI.

An AA for the more easy Manning of Ships and VefTels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery. [10th July 1813.]

*	TTTHERE AS it is: expedient that Provifion should be made

*	VV for giving further Facility to the manning of Ships and

*	VefTels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery than is given by an

*	A A pa<Ted in the Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’s

*	Reign, intituled An A3 for the more easy Manning of VejfeU 4 employed in the Southern IVhale Fifhery Be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said A A shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That no Ship or Veffel employed in the said Fifhery, the Mafter of which shall nave taken the Oath, or made the Declaration of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majesty, required by an AA parted in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for further encouraging and regulating the Southern IVhale Ft/beries, mall lose the Benefit of any Fifhmg Voyage by reason that the Mafter shall not have taken the Oath, or made the Declaration of his having already established, or of its being his Intention to eftablirti himself and Famil) in Great Britain, or by reason that all or any of the Foreign Proteftanta employed as Mariners in navigating such Ship or Veffel shall not have

Ukfr

*39

A.D.1813.	J3#GE0.IIT. C.iii, 112, 113.

taken any of the Oaths, or made any of the Declarations required by the laid Ad palled in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for further encouraging and regulating the Southern IVhale Fi/beries.

CAP. CXII.

An AGt to enlarge the Time for commencing Profecutions for Forfeitures under certain A€ts relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	[	1	oth	July 1813.]

•	TT7 HEREAS by an Ad passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 46 G.3. «. g.

•	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to prevent

•	the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Mdjefly's Subje8s$ into 4 any Jjlandsy Coionics, Plantations or Territories belonging to any 4 Foreign Sovereign, State or Power ; and also to render more cffeQual 0 a certain Order made by His Maicjly in Couneil, on the Fifteenth 4 Day of August One thousand eight hundred andfive, for prohibiting 4 the Importation of Slaves (except in certain cases) into any of the 4 Settlements, Istands, Colonies or Plantations, on the Continent of 4 America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to 4 His Majesty*s Arms during the present IVar; and to prevent the 4 fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from the British Ports: And

•	whereas by another Ad palled in the Forty seventh Year of the 47 G- 3.ScCT.x. 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the Abolition of c* 36*

•	the Slave Trade ; various Penalties are imposed on Persons offending 4 against the Provifions of the said Ads respectively 5 and the Ships 4 or Veffels and Boats employed in such Offences, and the Goods,

•	Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities on board the fame, are, in 4 various cases, subjected to Forfeiture, and to be seized and pro*

•	fecuted as forfeited : And whereas the time limited by Law for 4 Profecutions, in such cases, is found by Experience to be too Ihort,

4 in respect of Offences committed against the said Ads:* Be it therefore enacted by the \King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That all Adions, Suits, Bills, Indid- Further time menta or Informations, for the Recovery of any of the Penalties allowed for com, or Forfeitures provided or imposed by the said Ads of the Forty wencmg Ac-lixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, f^offences ° or either of them, and which shall be incurred after the palling of against A&s for this Ad, may be commeneed, had, brought, sued, exhibited or Abolition of prosecuted, at any time within Three Years after the Offence com- Slave Trade, mitted, by reason whereof such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred; any thing in this or the said recited Ads, or in any other Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. CXIII.

An A£k for providing Relief for the Poor Prifoners confined in the Kings Bench, Fleet and Marshalsea, Prifons.

[10th July 1813.]

c \I7 HEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the 43 EHx. c. a*

"* W Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An A3 for the Relief

Ff 4	'	sr

440

C. 113.	'	530GEO. III.	A.D.i8»3*

§ 12.

§14.

§ Is-

2i G. 2. c. 20.

22 G. 2. C.29.

§ 22.

$ *3-

0/ the Poor, the Justices of the Peace of every County or Place Coiporate, at their General Seffions, were directed to rate every Parifh to a Weekly Sum, in manner therein mentioned ; and to fet down what competent Sums of Money fhouH be sent quarterly out of every County or Place Corporate, for the Relief of the poor Prifoners of the King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons, so as there were sent out of every County yearly. Twenty Shillings at the least to each of the said Prifons of the King's Bench and Marshalsea; to be collected in manner therein expressed, and to be paid over to the Lord Chief Juftice of England and Knight Marfhal for the time being, equally to be divided between them to the Ufe afore-said, or in Default of the said Chief Juftice, to the next ancienteft Juftice of the King's Bench ; and by the fame Aft it was dirested, that all Surplufage of Money which should remain in the Stock of any County, {hould, by the Difcretion of the Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Seflions, be bestowed for the Relief of the poor Hofpitals in that County, and for other Charitable Purposes: And whereas an Aft was made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled jin AS for the more effectually feeuring the Payment of certain Sums of Money direBed by an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of the Reign of Queen Elizabetn, intituled An Ad for the Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the refpeBive Treafurers in every County in England or Wases, for the Relief of the Prifoners of the King’s Bench and Marfhalfea Prifons: And whereas by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the more easy affejftng, colleBing and levying of County Rates, so much of the laid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, as related to the Method of railing Money for the Relief of the King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons was repealed ; and such Sums as had been ufualfy paid to the said King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons were directed to be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said Aft now in Recital, at such times and in (uch manner as was prescribed in and by the said Aft of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Hii said late Majesty King George the Second : And whereas the Sums of Money provided and secured to be paid by the aforesaid Afts are not fumcient for the Relief of the poor Prifoners confined in the said King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons ; And whereas no adequate Relief has been provided for the poor Prifoners confined in the Fleet Prifon : A nd whereas it is expedient that the Provifipns contained in the said Aft8 of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the fame respectively regard the Relief of the Poor Prifoners in the said King's Bend and Marjhalfea Prifons, and also the Provifions contained in the said Aft .of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, should be repealed, and that fumcient Relief should be provided and secured for the poor Pri» foners coufined in the King's Bench and Marfhalfea Prifons, and also for the poor Prifoners confined in the said Fleet Prifon : And whereas Betblem Hofpital is a Charity for the Reception and Cure of Lunatics and distracted Persons from all Parts of the Kingdom, and from His Majefty’s Fleets and Armies: and any Surplus

< which

44*

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.IH.	C.113.

4 which shall remain of the Monies provided by this A&, after • relieving the poor Prifoners in the said Prifons, may* with great 4 Propriety be bellowed towards the Relief of the said Hofpital p May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pamng of this A&, the said 43 Eli*, e.4. A&9 of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Eli%ahetb% and 9*	*?•

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George fone^*r^«lod. the Second, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions,

Matters and Things therein respectively contained, so far as the fame

relate or apply to the yearly Sums provided for the Relief of the

poor Prifoners confined in the King's Bench and Marjhalfca Prifons,

and also the said A A of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His ** O.a. c.10.

late Majesty King George the Second, and all and every the Clauses, wpeslsd.

Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be

and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer of every Treafurers di-County and Divifion of a County mentioned in the Schedule to this reded to pay A& annexed, shall, on or before the First Day of Augufl in every

Year, payout of the Public Stock or Rates of such County and County Rate. Divifion of a County respectively, the several Sums of Money specified in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, in manner following; that is to fay, the Sums for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the King's Bench and Marjhalfca Prifons, to be paid to the Treasurer for the County of Surry; and the Sums for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the Fleet Prifoo, to be paid to the Treasurer or Chamberlain of the City of London.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for the time To whom Tsea-being of the County of Surry shall from time to time pay the Sums fuw to pay

of Money to be received by him from the said Treafurers, and also the M°ney*

Sums to be paid out of the Public Stock or Rates of the said County of Surry, for the Relief of the Prifoners in the King's Bench and Marjbalfea Prifons, to such sufficient Person or Persons residing near the said Prifons respectively, at such times and in such manner as the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Seffions, shall from time to time order and direct.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the Treasurer or Chamberlain To whom

for the time being of the City of London shall from time to time pay Chamberlain of the Sumo of Money to be received by him from the said Treafurers, JjJ?™01110 W for the Relief of the Prifoners in the Fleet Prifon, to such sufficient °nC^*

Person or Persons residing near the said Prifon, at such times and in such manner as the Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Seffions, shall from time to time order and direct.

V.	And be it further enacted, That Receipts signed by the Receipts of

Treasurer for the time being of the County of Surry, and the Trea- Treafurers fuf-furer or Chamberlain for the time being of the City of London, for	^

any Monies payable to them respectively by virtue of this A&, shall c rge**

be sufficient Difcharges for the fame; and that Receipts signed by any Person or Persons appointed by the Justices of the Peace of the County of Surry and City of London respectively, at their Quarter

Seffions

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Courts of K. B. and C. P. may enforce Compliance with Regulations of Aft.

Treafurers to register Names and Places of Abode.

Charge of Rules of Court paid by Treasurer.

Negle&.

Money weekly distributed to Frifoners.

Seffions respectively, to receive any Monies payable by virtue of this A6t, shall be sufficient Difcharges to the Treasurer for the County of Surry, and the Treasurer or Chamberlain of the City of Londct respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer shall aegied or refuse to par over any such respective Sums of Money ai ought to be paid by him to the Treasurer of the County of Surry, and the Treasurer or Chamberlain of the City of London refpc&ively at aforesaid, or any Treasurer of the County of Surry, or Treasurer or Chamberlain of the City of London, shall negledfc or refuse ta pay over such respective Sums of Money as ought to be paid by bio relpe&ivcly by virtue of this A&, then and in any such cale, upon the Certificate or Certificates, on Oath, of the Treasurer or Tneaftnen, Person or Persons, to whom the fame respectively ought to be paid, being delivered to either of His Majefty’s Courts of Kin ft Bench and Common Pleas, or to the Court of Marjbalsea, of such Negkd or Refufal, it shall be lawful for the said Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas or Marjbalsea, or either of them, to make a Role on every such Treasurer so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, requiring such Treasurer to pay the Money lo reported or certified to lie due as aforesaid; and Obedience to such Rules respectively shall and may be enforced by the said Courts, in such manner and by such ways and means as Rules of the said Courts respectively are ufnaliy enforced.

VII.	And, that the said Treafurers may be the better amenable to the said Courts, be it further enacted, That every Person who now is or hereafter shall be elected or appointed Treasurer of any County, or Diviiion of a County, named in the Schedule to this A6t annexed, shall, within One Calendar Month after the First Day of Augvfi, or within One Calendar Month after his Eledioo or Appointment respectively into such Office of Treasurer, tranfinit his Name and Place of Abode to the Clerk of The Crown in His Majefty’s said Court of Kings Bench, to be by him entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which Entries no Fee or Reward shall be taken 5 and in case any such Treasurer shall neglect or refuse to transmit his Name or Place of Abode as aforesaid, that then, upon the Report of the said Clerk of The Crown, made to the (aid Court of King’s Bench, of such Negkd or Refufal, every such Treasurer shall be liable to be proceeded against in the fame manner as in case of neglecting or refusing to pay such Money as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from time to time and as often as there shall be Occafion for the said Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Marjbalsea, respectively, to make any Rule or Rules as aforesaid, on any of the said Treafurers in pnrfuance of this A&, the whole Coft and Charge of making such Rule or Rules, and all subsequent Charges arising therefrom, shall be paid by the Treasurer whose Default or Negleft shall cause the making of such Rule.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Sum and Sums of Money provided by this A&, shall from time to time be distributed by the Person or Persons to whom the fame respectively shall be directed to be paid as aforesaid, by weekly Payments, for the Relief of such Priloners as shall from time to time be ordered to bo relieyed, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

X. And

A.D.i8i3*	13° GEO. HI.	C.113.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Juft ice of the Peace for the County of Surry to order such Relief as Ixe shall think proper, to be given to any Prisoner confined in the said King* Bench or MarjhalfeaPrifons, and for any Alderman or Juftice of £be City of London^ to order such Relief as he or they shall think proper, to be giren to any Prisoner confined in the said Fleet Prifon, out subject nevertheless to the Provifions hereinafter contained, and to any Rules, Orders and Regulations which shall be made as hereinafter is mentioned : Provided always, that the Sum to be given to any one Prisoner shall not exceed Six pence per Diem.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Prisoner, who shall be charged in Executiou for Debt, shall be relieved by virtue of this A&, after the First Day of the Term next following tie time when he or (he shall be charged in Execution.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Prisoner /hall be ordered to be relieved by virtue of this A&, until he or (he /hall first have made Oath before a Judge of One of the Courts of Law at Wejlminjlcr, or of the Marjhcdfea% or a Commiffioner appointed by One of the said Judges to take Affidavits, that he or (he is not worth Ten Pounds in all the World, and that he or (he cannot subsist himself or herself without the Relief or Affiftance provided by this A&; and if any such Prisoner shall wilfully forswear or periure himself or herself in taking any such Oath as aforesaid, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or (he so offending shall suffer such Puniffiment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner /hall be relieved by virtue of this A&, who shall have become fuper-fedeable, or entitled to be discharged under any A& for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Surplus and Refidue (if any} which may from time to time, on the First Day of Auguji in the Third Year after the passing of this A&, and on the Firit Day of Auguji in every succeeding Third Year, remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of the County of Surry, and the Treasurer or Chamberlain of the City of London, and the Person or Persons to whom the fame respectively shall have been paid, or any of them, of any of the Monies payable by virtue of this A&, to such Treafurers respectively, on or before the First Day of Auguji in the preceding Year, after relieving the poor Prifoners confined in the aforesaid Prilons, according to the Dire&ion8 hereinbefore mentioned, shall be forthwith paid by them respectively, to the Treasurer for the time being of Bethlem Hofpitalt for the Relief and Benefit of the said Hofpital.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That the Treasurer for the time being of the County of Surry, and alio the Person or Persons for the time being appointed to receive and distribute the Monies provided by this A& for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the King9s Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons, at the General Quarter Seffions for the County of Surry, held next after Eajler in every Year ; and also that the Treasurer or Chamberlain for the time being of the City of London^ and the Person or Persons for the time being appointed to receive and distribute the Monies provided by this A& for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the Fltet Prifon, at the General Quarter Seffions for the City of London held next after Eafter in every

Year,

443

Sum allowed to Priicner* limited.

No Prisoner (barged in Exes cution relieved after First Day of next Term. No Prisoner relieved possessed of Property above a certain Sum.

Perjury. Prifoners fuper-fedeable, See.

Appropriation of Surplus Monies.

Accounts kept and verified upof* Oath.

444

C.ii3«	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Year, shall respectively lay before the Judices there assembled, a full true and exact Account of all their respective Receipts and Dif-burfements of the Monies provided by this Aft, and shall verify the lame Accounts, if required, upon Oath.

Justices empow- XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the eredto make Judices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Surry, A^itioo°to Pro- or major Part them, at their General Quarter Seffions, with vifioatof Aft.	refpeft to the Sums of Money hereby provided for the Relief of the

poor Prifoners confined in the said Prifons of the King's Bench and Marfbalfcai and also for the Judices of the Peace acting in and for the City of London, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Seflions, with respect to the Sums of Money hereby provided for the Relief of the poor Prifoners confined in the said Fleet Prifoo, and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, when and as often as they respectively shall think proper, to make any Orders, Rules and Regulations respecting the Payment and Application of the Monies hereby provided, and the Prifonen who shall be relieved thereby, and the Securities to be entered into for the due Application thereof, and the Accounts to be made ard given respecting the fame, and the Remuneration to be allowed thereout to Persons employed in the Execution of this A61, or otherwise, for the better Execution of this Aft ; provided that the fame be made as Additions to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, and , be not contradictory thereto; and also to alter the fame Rules, Orders and Regulations, as and when they shall think fit.

Publi Aft.	XVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft fhail be deemed

and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juflices and others, without being fpectally pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

COUNTIES and DIVISIONS.	1  The SUMS to be paid by them for the Relief of the Prifoners in the Prilons of  1  1		

	f  King’s Bench.	Fleet.	Marflialfea. |

	£	£	£

Bedford ...	5	5	—

Berks -	10	10	—

Bucks ...	10	5	—

f County	5	5	—

Cambridge < Isle of Ely and Town 1	e	c	

C of Cambridge j	j	)	

Chefler -	JO	10	—

Cornwall -	i°	5	—

Cumberland -	10	5	—

Derby -	10	10	—

Devon ...	20	15	—

r . f East Dfvifion -	5	5	—

Dorset jweftDmfion -	5	5	

A.-D.I8I3

53° QEO. III. SCHEDULE — continued.

C. 113

COUNTIES and DIVISIONS.

Durham

f East Riding York < North Riding (.West Riding C East Divifion iMleX jWeftDivifion Oloucefter Hereford Hertford Huntingdon

. fEaft Divifion ^cnt jWeftDivifion Lancaster Leicefter

f Holland Divifion Lincoln < Kefteven Do.

(.Lindfay Do. Middlesex Norfolk

Northampton

Northumberland

xt ff;_1 ^ f North Divifion

Nottingham |South Divifion

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Southampton Stafford -	-

{Beccles Divifion

B^dSt"^^nd’3 Do. Ipswich Do.

Surry Sussex ||

East Divifion %Weft Divifion -Warwick

Westmorland [fend^Ward

Wilts

Worcefter

The SUMS to be paid by them for the Relief ] of the Prisoners iu the Prifoos of

Kins’s Bench. Fleet.

Marfhalfea.

£		j£

15	10	—

10	10	—

15	10	—

3°	20	—

10	5	—

10	5	25

*5	10	—

10	5	—

10	10	—

5	5	—

10	5	—

10	5	25

30	25	—

10	to	—

5	5	—

5	5	—

10	5	—

100	5°	200

15	10	—

5	5	—

5	S	—•

	10	—

5	5	—

5	5	——

10	5	—

5	5	—

xo	10	—

10	5	—

10	5	—

lS	10	—

lS	10	—

—	5	

5		—

5	5	—

5	—	—

50	40	50

10	5	—

10	5	—

lS	10	—

5	—	—

	5	—

lS	if	

fO	10	

Anglefea

C. 113,114.

A.D. 1813.

530 GEO. in.

SCHEDULE — continued*

	/ COUNTIES Ann DIVISIONS.	The SUMS to be paid by them far the Relief of the Prisoners in the Prifons c€		

		t	  King's Bench	Fleet.	Marlh&lfea.

		£	£	j£

	[ Anglefea -	2	2	—

I	Brecon -	2	2	—

	Cardigan -	2	2	—

	Carmarthen ...	3	3	

	Carnarvon -	2	2	—

	Denbigh ...	3	3	—

	Flint -	2	2	—

	Glamorgan -	3	3	—

	Merioneth ...	2	2	—

I Monmouth •		3	3	—

I Montgomery -		2	2	—

1 Pembroke -		2	2	—

f Radnorshire -		2	2		 !

S3 G. 3. c. 19.

CAP. CXIV.

An A (ft to continue and amend an Aft of the present Session, to prevent the ifiuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpe&ively-

[loth July 1813.]

'HEREAS an Aft passed in this SeiBon of Parliament,

•w

intituled An A9 to amend an of the lajl

......................  t

Xti^eded. Tokens not to be circulated after a certain

*	Parliament, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Piecet of

*	and Silver, or other Metal, usually called	except	fuch at

*	are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland	: And

*	whereas it is expedient that the Period limited in the laid Aft for ' the Circulation of Pieces of Gold or Silver and mixed Metals, in ‘ the said Aft specified and denominated Tokent should be further

*	extended; and that the said Aft {hould be amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enafted} and be it enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Aft as ptohibits the Circulation of any such Tokens as are in the said recited Aft described, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Name the fame may be, shall pass or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof it entitled to demand any Vsuue denoted thereon, either

*>T

447

t«S»3*

53«GZO.HI.

C. 114*

by Letter*, Word*, Figures, Mark or otherwise, whether such Value is fco be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Person who shall, after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Sef&on of Parliament circulate or pass as for any nominal Value in Money or Goods any such Token, shall for every such Token so circulated or palied, whether such PcTfon shall be or have been concerned in the original issuing or Circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds nor Penalty, xnore than Ten Pounds, at the Difcretion of such Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence ; Provided that nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be con-fkrued to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such “Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to dilcharge or excuse any such original Iffuer from his Liability to pay the Original Ifluer. fame.

4 III. And whereas Doubts are entertained as to whether the

•	Bearer or Holder of any such Token can recover by the Law

*	from the Person or Persons who shall have issued the fame, their

*	Executors or Adminiftrators, the Value denoted thereon; and it is

•	expedient that such Doubts should be removed ;* Be it therefore

evacted, That all Persons who shall have originally issued or have been jflrucr8 of Local concerned in the original issuing or Circulation of any such Tokens, Tokens liable t« and their respective Executors and Adminiftrators, shall be and they pay fame by are hereby declared to be liable in Law, upon Demand made of the I'*w-Value denoted upon the Tokens issued by such Persons respectively to pay the fame ; and the Amount of Money or Value denoted upon any such Tokens, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise, may be recovered by the Bearer or Holder thereof, in any A&ion or Suit again ft the Person or Persons who shall have originally issued or been concerned in the original issuing or Circulation of (uch Token, in like manner as the Amount or Value of any Promiffory Notes payable to Bearer, and iffuable by Law, may now be recovered, to pay off or discharge the fame.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Aft not to this Ad contained shall extend or be conltrued to extend to authorize thoriit issue of or make legal the issuing of any Promiffory Note, not being a Token J^omiflory composed of Gold or Silver, or of mixed Metal composed partly of under Gold or Silver, which cannot now be issued by Law.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Ad not to ex-this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any tend to Tokens Tokens issued or circulated by or under the Authority of the ofBinkofEng-Govcrnor and Company of the Bank of England, or by or under the land or Irela,ld Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively; or in any manner to affect any such Tokens, or

the Circulation thereof 5 or to subject any Company or Companies, or Person or Persons, to any Penalty for issuing or circulating any such Tokens.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties how imoofed by this Ad shall and may be recoverable and recovered recovered, and levied and applied, in like manner and by such means as the

| like Penalties and Forfeitures are made recoverable by the said recited Ad; and all the Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Matters and Pro-visions, in the recited Ad contained, Audi be and remain and }	continue

L

Goog

Aft repealed, Jtc.

Barrels of Fire Arms not to be used, unless duly proved.

Ufing or felling Barrels not duly proved.

C.114, 115.	53°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

continue in full Force, and be applied and executed for the enforcing: the Provifions of this Ad, and for the recovering and applying of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, as fully and effectually as if all such Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provisions, were severally and separately re-enaded in and made Part of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be passed in the present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Ad to insure the proper and careful manufa&uring of Firt Arms in England; and for making Provifion for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms.	[10th	July 1813.]

€ T^7HEREAS serious Injuries are frequently sustained by

*	VV Persons using Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbulfes, Piftol*

*	and other Fire Arms, from the bursting thereof, in confcquence

*	of the Barrels of such Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbuflet,

*	Piftols and Fire Arms, not having been fufiiciently proved; « and it is therefore expedient that the Manufadurers of Fire Arms « should be compelled to prove the fame at some Place appropriated « for that Purpofe as a Public Proof House: And whereas great

*	Quantities of Fire Arms and Barrels for Fire Arms are manufadured

*	in the Town of Birmingham and the Vicinity thereof, and it would « tend to the Safety and Security of the Public if a Proof House for

*	Fire Arms, under proper Superintendance and Infpedion, were to r be eftablilhed in or near the said TownMay it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Weeks from the palling of this Ad, no Bafrel shall be used in the making or manufaduring of any Guo, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Piftol or other Description of Fire Arms usually called Small Arms, unless the fame shall have been duly proved at the Proof House of the Gunmakers’ Company in London, or at the Proof House to be eftablilhed under the Provifions of this Ad, or some Proof House belonging to His Majesty, or other Proof House eftablilhed as a Public Proot House by Law ; and which Public Proof Houfes His Majesty is hereby authorized and empowered to eftablilh in such Places, and under such Regulations as to the Care and Management thereof, as His Majesty shall think fit

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Weeks from the palling of this Ad, every Person who shall use or cause or procure to be used any Barrel in the making, manufaduring or finishing of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Pistol, or any other Description of Fire Arms as aforesaid, or who shall fell or cause to be fold any Barrel for the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Piftol or other Defcription of Fire Arms, which shall not first have been duly proved, and marked as proved at the GunmakeiS Company’s Proof House in London, or at the Proof House to be eftablilhed under the Provifions of this Ad, or some Proof House belonging to His Majesty, or other

Pubik

V

C^

449

A.D.i8i3"	53°GEO.IIL	C-iij*

Public Proof House eftabli/hed as such by Law or by Hit Majesty,

shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Twenty Pounds to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted aud declared, That prnvjf0 f**

nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend Scotland and to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland* or to that Part Ireland, and for of the United Kingdom called Ireland (except as to the forging	nrvic^^Hid

Marks as in this Aft after mentioned), or to the proving of any fo^Eaa India Barrels used in the manufafturiug of any Mufquct, Piftol or other Company.

Fire Arms, for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Foroes, or for the Honourable Ettjl India Company.

IV.	And be it further ena6ted, That, from and after the pafling Company of

of this Aft, the Lord Lieutenants of the respective Counties of Guardians,fcc.of Warwick* Worcester and Stafford* and the Persons serving in Par- Gua Barrel liament for the laid Counties respectively for the time being, and £.r00f H°ule °* Robert IVheeler* John Adams* Thomas Archer junior, Richard eftXliilfed!" Sutherland* John Heely, John Oughton, William Ryan* Bartholemew Redfern, John Williams Keene* John Smith* William Allport, John Jones* George Jones* Gad Par/ons* Joseph Bunney, and their Succeffors to be chosen in manner hereinafter dirested, shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Body Politic and Corporate, and /hall be called or known by the Name of “ The Guardians,

Trustees and Wardens of the Gun Barrel Proof House of the Town of Birmingham*” for the Purpofe of proving or causing to be proved, in the manner directed by this Aft, all Barrels for Guns,

Fowling Pieces, Blunderbusses, Piftols, and every other Defcription of Fire Arms which /hall be brought to the Proof House at Birmingham* to be proved according to the Provi/ions of this Aft; and it mall be lawful for such of the Members of the said Company as /hall be resident in the Town of Birmingham, or within Twenty Miles thereof, and they are hereby authorized and required, on or before the First Day of Augufl next, to meet at some convenient Place within the Town of Birmingham* and the major Part of the Guardians then present (fuch major Part not being leis than Ten) /hall choose Three Persons, out of the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, to be Wardens of the said Proof House to inspect and superintend the Proofs or proving of all Barrels sent to be proved at the said House, and to have the foie Management thereof for One Year and no longer, unless re-elefted by the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

V.	And, for continuing a sufficient Number of fit and proper Persons, in addition to such Lord Lieutenants and Members of Parliament as aforesaid, who are to continue to be Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, for putting in Execution the Powers of this Aft, be

it further enacted. That the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens Persons chosen /hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to meet annually in Place of thofs on the Sixteenth Day of March (unlefs it mail happen to be on a ^nd°Warden^o Sunday* and then on the Day following) in some convenient Place be ele&edTu-in the Town of Birmingham, and to elect and choose in manner nually. aforesaid, fit and proper Persons resident in the said Town of Birmingham* or within Twenty Miles thereof, in the Place and Stead of such of the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens (other than and except such Lord Lieutenants and Members as aforesaid), who /hall have died or removed to a greater Diftance than Twenty 53 Geo. 111.	Gg	Miles

4J*

C.X1J.	53°GEO. III.	AD.1813.

Miles from Birmingham, or declined to aft as such Guardians, Trustees or Wardens, so as by reason of such Choice there shall not be, when the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens are complete, more than Fisteen, in addition to such Lord Lieutenants and Members as aforesaid ; and that immediately after the full Number shall have been so filled up in manner aforesaid, they shall be enabled and are hereby authorized and directed to proceed to the Election of Three Persons, by Majority of Voices of the Persons present, to be Wardens of the said Company for the ensuing Year, and if any of the (aid Wardens, so chosen as aforesaid, shall happen to die, or remove to a greater Diftance than Twenty Miles from Birmingham, then the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens shall, at some Meeting to be held at Birmingham within One Calendar Month after such Death or Removal as aforesaid (and of which Meeting Seven Days* Notice shall be given) choose another Person out of the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, in manner aforesaid, to be Warden in his Room, and such Person shall and is hereby authorized and required to aft accordingly for the Remainder of the Year.

* VI. And whereas certain Sums of Money have been subscribed • in the Town of Birmingham, for the Erection and Eftablilhment of Company to pro- * a Public Proof HoufeBe it therefore further enacted, That the vide a proper said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens shall, immediately after the Tiixk*	paffing this Aft, enter all such Subfcriptions in a Book to be

necefTary for8*	kept for that Purpose, and shall call for the Money so subscribed in

proving Barrels, regular Proportion from the Subfcribers, as they shall think fit; and which Sums the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, are hereby authorized to demand and receive, and in case of Refufal to proceed by Aftion at Law in the Name of the Treasurer for the time being, in which Aftion it shall be sufficient to (late that the Person fub-feribing is indebted to the said Treasurer for the Sum subscribed under the Provifions of this Aft 5 and the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens shall, out of such Monies, in the first place, pay and le-imburfe all Expences and Charges incurred in or arifiner out of the

?ailing of this Aft, and in the next place, erect and eftabbfh a proper Voof House, with all things necessary for the proving Barrels of Fire Arms, and shall at all times hereafter well and sufficiently maintain and keep up the fame in proper Order and Condition, for the proving of all such Fire Arms as shall be sent to such House for Proof.

Barrels proved VIL And be it further enacted, That all Barrels brought to the and marked. Proof House to be erected as aforesaid for Proof shall be proved with Powder of equal Quality as the Powder which is now used by the Honourable Board of Ordnance, and according to the Scale or Table hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

SCALE.

SCALE.

Number of Balls to a lb.	Weight of Powder for Proof.	Number of Balls to a lb.

No. 1. ...	oz. drs. II 0	No. 26. ...

2. ...	5 s	27. . . .

3; ...	3 8	28.

4. ...	2 II	29. - - .

5. ...	2 2	30-

6. ...	I 12	3*-

7. ...	I 8	32.

8. ...	i 6	33- -

9. ...	1 2	34* -

10. ...	1 1	35-

11. ...	0 16	36. - - -

12. ...	0 16	37-

13- ...	0 15	38. - - -

14. ...	0 14	39-

15. ...	0 14	40.

16. - - -	0	4i-

17. ...	0 *3f	42-

18. -	O 12 j	43-

i9- ...	O II	44-

20. ...	O IO	45 •

21. ...	O IO	46. - - -

22. -	O 9	47.

23. ...	O 9	48. ... .

24, ...	0 Si	49*

25. ...	0 Si	50.

And which Scale of Proofs is equal to the Proofs of the Honourable Board of Ordnance, in Proportion to the Calibres of the Barrels proved by them; and when so proved, such Barrels shall be marked with the following Marks ; videlicet,

and no other; and it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, at their Annual General Meetings, to make and

G g a	eftablifh

Weight of Powder for Proof.

oz. drs.

o

o 8J-o Si o 7t

o 7f o H o 7z o 7 o 7 o 7 o 7 o 7 o 6i o 6J o 6$ o 6 o 6 o 6 o 6 o ji o 5 I o 5i

o

o Si o Si

53cGEO. ILL	A.D.1813.

eftablilh such Rules and Regulations as may from time to time appear to them to be necessary for the receiving Barrels for Proof, and for proving and marking the fame, and redelivering the Barrela when so proved and marked as aforesaid; and to fix and regulate from time to time the Sums to be paid for such Proofs, so a9 that no higher Sum than One Shilling shall in any case be demanded, or taken, or received in respect of any One Barrel brought to such House to be proved and marked under this Ad.

Prover •pponit* VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall ed by Company, annually, on the Sixteenth Day of March (unlefs it shall happen to be on a Sunday, and then on the Day following) meet at some convenient Place within the Town of Birmingham, and choose, by Majority of Voices, a skilful Person experienced in proving Guo Barrels, who shall continue in Office One Year (if the Wardens for the time being shall think fit) who (with such Aififtant or Affiflants as shall also be apppointed by the said Wardens for that Purpofe) shall prove all Barrels brought to him for that Purpose, according to the Scale or Table hereinbefore fet forth, and having proved them, shall mark or cause the fame to be marked with the Marks hereinbefore fet forth, and according to such Rules and Regulations at shall be established in that Behalf: and such Person, on Eledion and before he begins to ad, shall take the following Oath before One of His Majeffy’s Juffices of the Peace for the County of Warwick / videlicet,

Proof Miftsr's Oath.

Forg:ng or counterfeiting the Marks.

Penalty.

*	T	do	fwear.	That	I	will be

*	faithful and true to our Sovereign Lord King George, and will

*	fo long as I continue Proof Mailer of the Birmingham Gun Barrel

*	Proof House, well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office, 4 and prove all Barrels brought to me for that Purpose, according to

*	the Scale or Table mentioned and fet forth in an Ad of Parlia-

*	ment made and pafTed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled An Ad [here infertthe Title of this Ad'] ; 4 and that I will not during the time I shall continue such Proof

*	Mailer, take any Fee or Reward from any Person or Persons, to

*	prove any Barrel or Barrels otherwise than as the said Ad diretts;

*	and that I will execute the said Office without Favour or Afsection,

*	Prejudice or Malice, and to the bed of my Skill and Ability.

* So help me GOD.*

Which Oath any One of His Majefly's Juflices of the Peace for the said County of Warwick is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall in any Part of the United Kingdom forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used or which may be used at either of ftfch Proof Houfes as aforesaid, for marking Barrels in pursuance of this Ad ; or shall wilfully or knowingly feu or use in the making or manufaduring of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbuss, Piftol or other Defcription of Arms as aforesaid, any Barrel whereon any Mark or Stamp, which shall be forged or counterfeited in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark or Stamp so ufed-or to be used at either of such Proof Houfes as aforesaid ; every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

X.	And

V

A.D.i8i3«	53°GE0.III.	C.	ii$.	453

X.	And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, Trufteet Appofatmtm of and Wardens shall, at their First Meeting to be held under this A&, Trtsfiim. and afterwards at such Annual Meetings as aforesaid, elect and appoint a Treasurer, who shall keep a true and accurate Account of all Sums of Money received and disbursed by him under the Orders of the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens as aforesaid, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and also of all Rules and Regulations from time to time made, eftabliftied and allowed in relation to such Proof House 5 and such Book shall at all times be open to the Infpe&ion of any Guardian, Truftce or Warden of the said Proof House as aforesaid ; and the Accounts of such Treasurer shall be audited once in each Year at some General or Adjourned Meeting of the said Guardians, Truftee3 and Wardens ; and such Treasurer shall give Security to the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, in their Corporate Name and Style for the due Execution of his Trust, and accounting for all Monies as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens, from time to time to allow to such Treasurer, and also to the Proof Mafter and any Affiftant or Afliftants of such Proof Mafter, such reasonable Salaries and Allowance, as (hail, in the Judgment of the Majority of the said Guardians, Trustees and Wardens present at any General Meeting, be fit and proper, and from time to time to alter the fame if they shall think fit.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Sums to be received, and Application of which shall from time to time be received for such Proofs of Barrels Money received as aforesaid, shall be applied in the first place in the making such forpfwisg. Proofs and paying all incidental Expences arising therefrom, and in the keeping up, maintaining and repairing the Proof House, and afterwards in the Payment of the Salaries of the Proof Mafter, and any A&ftant or Affiftants as aforesaid, and of the said Treasurer, and in other incidental Expences which may arise in the Execution of the said Truft ; and after such Payment, the Surplus Money shall be applied in the Payment of the Interect, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, of the Sums subscribed and advanced for the erecting and establishing such Proof House and carrying this A€t into Execution ; and after Payment of such Interect, then in the Repayment of such Principal Sums: And the said Guardians shall, as far as the fame can be done, regulate the Sums to be paid for Proofs (not exceeding in any one case, such One Shilling per Barrel as aforesaid) in inch manner as to pay Five Pounds per Centum at the lea ft for each One hundred Pounds so advaneed, or in like Proportion for any greater or less Sum in each Year upon the Principal Sum so advaneed, until such Sum (hail have been wholly paid off and satisfied; and thereafter to regulate tl\e Sums to be received for Proofs in such manner as to insure the due Maintenance,

Repair and Keeping of the said Proof House, and Payment of all such incidental Expences and Salaries as aforesaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That any Offence against this Offences hard A& shall and may be heard and determined in a summary way before he^or5 any Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County,	*

Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, yrhere any such pC4Ce.

Offence shall be committed ; and the Conviftion for the fame may be bad and made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; and the Amount of the Forfeiture or Penalty

G g 3	for

454

Appeal.

Recognizance.

DHtrefs.

Imprifonment.

Con vision* drawn up in Form of Schedule to Adt.

Appeil to General Setlions or General Quarter Seffioru.

Decifion final.

Imprifonment.

CXi 15.	53°	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

for every such Offence shall be fixed and determined by fnch Juft ices, not exceeding the Sums hereinbefore mentioned; and One Moiety thereof shall be paid and payable to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Overleers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place where such Offence shall be committed 5 and in case any such Forfeiture or Forfeitures or Penalty or Penalties shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Convi&ion, and the Person so convicted shall not signify his Intention to appeal against such Convi&ion, and forthwith enter into Recognizance before such Justices, bimfelf in the Penalty of Forty Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds each, of lawful Money of Great Britain, with Condition to personally appear and prosecute such Appeal at the next General Quarter or General Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where such Offence (nail have been charged to have been committed, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, cause the fam£- Penalties to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the Cofts and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale ; and in case no sufficient Diurefs can be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Corre&ion within their Jurifdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this A& may cause all such Convi&ions to be drawn up on Parchment or Paper, in the Form or to the Effe&'fet forth in the Schedule to this A& annexed ; and such Convi&ion shall be transmitted by such Justices to the next General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place wherein such Convi&ion was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted,That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this A&, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices before whom he or (he (half have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Convi&ion to the next Court of General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place wherein such Offence was committed; and the Justices in or at the said next Court of General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of .the said Appeal, and to award such Cofts as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to be paid to either Party, which Decifion shall be final; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be confirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeitures or Penalty mentioned in such Convi&ion, and the Cofts awarded to be paid by fnch Appellant; and in Default oF Payment thereof, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Corre&ion of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where any such Offence may have been committed, there to remain for anytime

CjOOq le

455

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.III.	C.	115.

time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless fttch Penalty and Coils shall be sooner paid.

XV.	And be it farther enacted, That no Adion or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pur* Actions, fuance of this Aft, until after Thirty Days Notice in Writing (hall

be thereof given to the Treasurer to the said Guardians, Trustees and

Wardens, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after Six

Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which fuch

Adion or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be so brought 5 and all fuch

Ad ions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Warwick,

and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in fuch

Adion or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead

the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in General blue;

Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and

that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Adion or Adions,

Suit or Suits shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad 5 and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so dope, or if it shall appear that such Adion or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice was given as before directed, or that lufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered, or paid into Court as aforesaid, or if any such Adion or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpofe limited, or shall be laid in any other County, City or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdid shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Difcontinuance of such ACtion or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be giveu for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble TVsbleCofU. Cofb, and shall have such Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for the Recovery of his, her or their Cods in other cases by Law.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed Public Ad. and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Juilices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

in the

FORM OF CONVICTION.

. 1 RE it remembered. That on the to wit | 13 Dayof

Year of our Lord is convicted before us [naming the Jufftces] Two of His Majefty’s Jufticea of the Peace for the County of

[or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Town or Place] for that the faid	fiate	Offence]

contrary to the Statute made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled jin AS \here fet forth the Title of this AS'] : And we the said Justices do hereby adijudge and de* termine the faid	for	the	faid	Offence,

to forfeit and pay the Sum of

Gg 4

* of

53s GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

*	of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order One Moiety thereof

*	to be forthwith paid by him to

*	[the Informer] and the other Moiety thereof to the OverCeers of

*	the Poor of the Parifh of [where the Offence was committed.] Given 4 under our Hands the Day and Year above written.’

An A£k to alter and amend Two A£b of the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Price and Affize of Bread to be fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of M “ ’’	1	m

*	\T7HEREAS by an Ad, patted in the Thirty first Year of the

*	VV Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled

*	An AS for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and 4 Affixe thereof and to punuh Persons who fball adulterate Meal, Flour

13 G. 3. c.61.	*	or	Bread;	and	by	another	Act,	patted	in	the	Thirteenth	Year	of

*	the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for better 4 regulating the Affixe and making of Bread; Provifion is made for

*	fetting the Price and Aflize of Bread, according to the several Re*

*	gulations contained in thefaid Ads for that Purpofe : And whereas

-7G \ c 08	*	by	an	Ad	patted	in	the	Thirty	feventh Year of the Reign of His

0/	•	*>’	c.yo.	_	r	.	•	ii„	■	Jn	 1____I___J________

4 present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend and render more effeducl 4 an Aft, made in the Thirty first Tear of the Reign of H'u late 4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Aft for the due 4 making of Breads and to regulate the Price and AJJtxe thereof and to 4 punifb Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, so far * as the to	the	J	ze	and	making	of	Bread	to	be	fold	in

4 the City of London and i Liberties thereof and within the Weekly 4 Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange;

45G.3. c. xxiii. ‘ and by another Ail pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of * His laid present Majesty, intituled An Aft for amending an Ad

4 passed in the Thirty seventh Tear of His present Majesty, to amend and 4 render more effectual an Aft mails in the Thirty first Tear of Hu late 4 Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and 4 Affixe thereof, and to puni/b Persons who shall adulterate Meal, 4 Flour or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the Affixe and making of 4 Bread to be fold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof and 4 within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal 4 Exchange; certain other Provifions and Regulations are made 4 for carrying the Purpofes of the said AH of the Thirty first Year ‘ of the Reign of King George the Second into Execution, so far as

*	relates to the Affize and making of Bread to be fold in the City 4 of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills 4 of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and

*	by the said Ads a fixed Allowance is given to the Makers and

*	Sellers of Bread residing within those Limits: And whereas it is

*	expedient that the Makers and Seilers of Bread residing beyond

*	the said Limits, in Places where an Affize and Price of Bread isfet,

1 should also receive an Allowance for their Charges, Pains, Labour,

4 Livelihood and Profit; and that Regulations should be made for

CAP. CXVI.

Miles of the Royal Exchange.

* procuring

C. ii 6.

457

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.

*	procuring more correct Returns of the Prices for which Wheat

*	and Wheat Flour are fold, in or near Places where an Affize of

*	Bread is fet:9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the fame. That when and so often as the Court Receiver of AC. of Mayor and Aldermen, in any City where there shall be any such fae Returns *p-Court, and when such Court shall fit 5 and where there shall be no ^tef1fiwh<!re such Court, or their being any such, wheu the fame shall not fit, the ie xc Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate of any such City, and in Towns Corporate or Boroughs, the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates for the time being of any • such Town Corporate or Borough; or Two or more Justices of the Peace in such Towns and Places where there shall be no such Mayor, BailifFs, Aldermen or Chief Magistrate; and when and so often as any Two or more Justices of the Peace of Counties at large, Ridings, Divifions or Diftrifts, and whose respective Jurifdic-tion shall be beyond the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall deem it expedient to regulate the Price and Affize of Bread within their several and respective Jurifdiftions, every such Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, before they shall fet any Price or Affize of Bread, to nominate and appoint a (it and proper Person (not being a Cornfactor, Miller, Maltfter, Baker, Clerk, Agent or other Person buying, felling or dealing in Wheat or Wheat Flour, or Bread made thereof), redding within or near such City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Division, Riding, Diftrift or other Place, to receive weekly the Returns hereafter directed to be made of the Prices and Quantities of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought or fold in or near any such City, Town Corporate or Borough, Division,

Riding, Diftrift or other Place where an Affize is intended to be fet, and the Person so to be appointed (hail be called «* Receiver of Affize Returns” for such City, Town Corporate or Borough, County,

Division, Riding, Diftrift or other Place; and every such Court,

Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the fame manner from time to time, upon the Death,

Removal or Refignation of any such Receiver, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid to be Receiver of Affize Returns for any such City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Division,

Riding, Didrift or other Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be ap- Receiver of Appointed Receiver of Affize Returns as aforesaid shall, previous to his ^5turn* *• taking upon him the said Office, take and subscribe, before the * e a Mayor, Bailiff or other Chief Magiftrate of the City, Town Corporate, Borough or other Place, for which he shall be appointed Receiver, or before any One Juftice of the Peace for any County, Division, Riding or District, for which he shall be appointed Receiver, the following Oath [or, being of the People called Quakers, Affirmation], which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Bailiff or other Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, is hereby authorized and required to administer; videlicet,

I A.B.

458

c.n<y.

53'GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

f miofOith.' * T A. B.do swear, for, affirm], That I will at all time* dmiig * the time I hold the Office of Receiver of Affize Return for

4F  Returns of Wheat and Flour made.	*	[the Name of the Place for which appointed] make true and coned  *	Returns of the whole Quantities and Prices of Wheat, and tree  *	and correct Returns of the whole Quantities and Prices of Wheatm « Flour fit for making Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheatcn Bread  <	and Houfehold Bread, taken separately, which shall, by means of  *	the Returns made to me as Receiver of Affize Returns, under the  <	Directions and Regulations of an Ad, passed in the Fifty third € Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here iafert c the Title of this Jla], appear to have been bought within the times  <	fpecified in the said Returns; and also that I will at all timet is  <	aforefaid make a true and correct Average of the Prices of the « whole Quantity of Wheat, and a true and corned Average of « the Prices of the whole Quantity of Wheaten Flour fit for making « Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, « taken separately, which by means of the said Returns made to me « shall appear to have been to bought, according to the Diredions « and Regulations of the said Ad ; and that I will in all things, to  *	the best of my Skill and Judgment, conform myself, as Receiver  <	of Affize Returns, to the Diredions of the said Ad.*  III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as a Receiver of Affize Returns shall he appointed for any City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Division, Riding, Diftrid or other Place, where it is intended to let any Affize of Bread within the fame, purfuaot to the Diredions of this Ad, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of any such City where there shall be any such Court, and when such Court shall fit ; and where there shall be no such Court, or there being any such, when the fame shall not fit, the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiflrate or Magiflrates of any such City, and in Towns CoYporate or Boroughs, the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aider-men or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates for the time being of any such Town Corporate or Borough ; or Two or more Jufticesof the Peace in such Towns and Places where there shall be no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or Chief Magiftrate ; and Two or more Justices of the Peace of any such County, Division, Riding, Diftrid or other Place, shall cause Notice to be given according to the Form annexed to this Ad, and in such manner as to such Court or Person or Persons shall seem proper, requiring all Comfacton, Miliers, Mealmen, Bakers and other Persons who are Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and residing or following their Trade within their respective Jurifdidions, or who shall buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour, either in the public Market or by private Contraft within the fame, to make Returns on some certain Day in each Week to the Receiver of Affize Returns appointed for any such City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Division, Riding, Diftrid or other Place; and at such Place as shall be specified for that Purpose, of the true and precise Quantities of all Wheat and Wheaten Flour respectively, fit for making Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, which shall have been bought or fold by such Cornfactors, Miliers, Mealmen, Bakers or other Persons Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour respectively, within Seven Days then preceding, and which Returns shall specify the true and exact Prices for which such Wheat or Wheaten Flour shall have been respectively bought or fold, and the Names and Refidences of the  Perfons

St	•

-—	 CjOCK^Ic

C. 116.

4J9

A.D.1813.

530 GEO. III.

Persons of whom bought, or to whom fold, and which Returns shall be made according to the Forms annexed to this Adt, and be signed by the Party making the fame: Provided always, that no Provifo.

Person or Persons buying or felling in the Courfe of the Seven Days then preceding, a less Quantity than One Quarter of Wheat, or One Sack of Flour, shall be required to make any such Returns ; and provided also, that when any Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiilrate or Magistrates of any City, Town Corporate or Borough, or any Two or more Juflices of the Peace of any County, Division,

Riding, Diflridl or other Place, shall be well and duly satisfied that any Mereliant, Dealer or other Person, shall buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour solely for the Purpofe of being sent Coaftwife, and which shall not be intended to be used or consumed in or within Fifteen Miles of the Place for which such Returns are required, it shall be lawful for any such Court, or Person or Persons, if they shall think fit, not to require Returns from any such Mereliant, Dealer or other Person, of any such Wheat or Wheat Flour so intended to be sent Coaftwife, and not to be used or consumed within Fifteen Miles of any such Place.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when in any City, Town Obtaining Re-Corporate or Borough, or in any Division, Diftrid! or Riding of any *u™s.whe*e no County, or in any other Place where any Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or feheld other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, authorized by this Adi to fet an Aflize and Price of Bread within their respective Jurifdidtions, shall be desirous of setting the fame, and where by reason of there not being a sufficient Market, sufficient and (atisfadiory Returns of the Quantities and Prices of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought and fold within their respective Jurifdidlions, cannot be obtained, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any such Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, from time to time to require Returns to be made of all Quantities of Wheat and Wheaten Flour, bought or fold by all Cornfactors, Miliers, Mealmen, Bakers and other Persons who are Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and who shall be redding or following their Trade within the Diftance . of Five Miles of the respective Jurifdidlions of such Court, or Person or Persons as aforesaid requiring the fame ; or who shall buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour, either in any public Market or by private Contrad! within the said Distance; or it shall be lawful for

any such Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, from time to time to require of auy Receiver of Aflize Returns of any Place near any such City, Town Corporate or Borough, Division, Diftrid! or Riding, from which any Wheat or Wheat Flour may from time to time be brought for the supply of any such Place or Places, Did rid!, Divifion or Riding, a Duplicate of the Returns which shall be from time to time made by such Receiver of Aflize Returns, of the Quantities and Prices of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought and fold within the Jurifdidlion for which such Receiver shall be appointed, although such Corn-factors, Miliers, Mealmen, Bakers or other Persons, or Receiver of Aflize Returns, shall not be within the Jurifdidlion of the Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, requiring such Returns; and every such Cornfactor, Miller, Meaiman, Baker or other Persons, who are Dealers in Wheat

or

1

Goo

460

C. 116.

Returns made ou Dedal.tiioo*

Penalty. Receiver of Affize Returns to make up a General Return.

53* GEO. in.	AJJ.1813.	I

or Wheat Flour, and every Receiver of Affize Return*, who shall be required to make any such Returns, shall make the fame in like maoaer and.under the like Regulations in every refpeA as the like Returnsaf Wheat and Wheat Flour are required to be made by this Ad ; aid the said Returns which shall be so made of the Quantities and Prim of Wheat and Wheat Flour, bought and fold either within Fiw Miles of the Jurifdi&ion of any Place, or which shall be so made by any Receiver of Affize Returns for any other Place than the Place in which an Affize of Bread is intended to be fet, shall from time to time in computing the Average Prices of Wheat and Wheat Floor hereafter directed to be made, be added to and form Part of the Returns of Wheat and Wheat Flour which shall be made for the Place for which an Affize of Bread is intended to be fet.

V.	And be it further enacted. That every Cornfactor, Miller, Meaiman, Baker and other Persons who are or shall be Dealers io Wheat or Wheat. Flour, and who shall be required by this Ad to make any Returns of Wheat or Wheat Flour bought or fold by them, shall within One Month after they shall be required to make fud Returns, make a Declaration In the Form following ; that is to fay,

*	T A. B. do hereby declare. That the Returns of the QuaaliriVs

*	A and Prices of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought or fold by me,

« which I shall hereafter make, shall, to the best of my Knowledge « and Belief, be true and just, and to the best of my Judgment con-

*	formable to the Dire&ions of an A6t patted in the Fifty third Year « of t he Reign of King George the Third, intituled An A3 to oiler 1 and amend Two Ads of the Thirty Jirjl Tear of King George tht

*	Second, and the Thirteenth Tear of Hit present Majesty, sofar ax

*	relates to the Price and Affi%e of Bread to he fold out of toe City of ‘ London, and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills tf c Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.*

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of such Miller, Meaiman, Baker or other Pcrfon, who shall be a Dealer in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and shall be by them or their Agents respectively forthwith delivered to the Court, Mayor, Bailiff or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates of the City,

Town Corporate or Borough, or to some Juftice of the Peace of the County, Division, Diftrift or other Place, where the Party making the fame shall reside, who is hereby required to certify the fame to, tnd such Certificate is hereby required to be filed by, the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, Divifion or other Plac£, or br the Town Clerk for such City or Town respectively; and in case any Person shall buy or fell any Wheat or Wheat Flour, without having made the said Declaration, such Person shall, for every such Negleet, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from the said Returns of Wheat and Flour so to be made as aforesaid in every City, Torn Corporate or Borough, County, Riding, Divifion or Place, where the fame shall be made, a General Return or Account of the Quantities, Sorts and Prices of all Wheat and Flour made of Wheat, which shall, by means of the said Returns, appear to hire been bought within the time specified therein, together with the Average Price of the whole Quantity of Wheat, and the Average Prices of the -whole Quantity of Wheaten Flour fit for making

*	3	Wheaten

C. ii 6i

AD. 1813,	530	GEO.	III.

Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, taken separately and respectively, shall be prepared and computed by the Receiver of Aftize Returns for every such Place, within One Day from the receiving of the fame; and the said General Return shall be entered and signed by him in some Book to be provided for that Puipose, in such manner and Form as any such respective Court,

Mayor, Bailiss, Aldermen, Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices ns afore said, within their respective Jurifdi&ions, shall from time to time appoint; and every such General Return and Average, when so entered, shall be submitted to such Court, or Person or Persons, for their Confideration or Corre&ion : Provided always, that if any Prorifo. Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices as aforesaid, shall at any time fufpeti that any Returns to be made as aforesaid, are not truly and bona fide made, and shall have issued a Summons to the Party or Parties making the fame, for the Purpofe of examining into the Truth of the fame, pursuant to the Power and Authority hereafter contained for that Purpose, then and in that case the said Return or Returns whilst under Examination shall not be included in or form Part of the said General Return from which the Average Prices of Wheat and of Flour are to be computed as aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That within two Days after every Setting AfHie. such General Return and Average shall be so made and entered as aforesaid, the Aftize and Weight of each Sort of Bread on which an Aftize is intended to be fet for every City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Riding, Divifion and Place, where the lame shall be made, and the Prices to be paid for the fame respectively, shall from time to time be fet and ascertained by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of every such City where there shall be any such Court* and when the fame shall fit, and when such Court shall not (it, by the Mayor of every such City ; and where there shall be no fueh Court of Mayor and Aldermen in any such City, then by the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates of every such other City; and in Towns Corporate and Boroughs by the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates of evenr such Town Corporate or Borough; and by Two or more Justices of the Peace in Towns or Places where there shall be no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates; and in Counties at large by Two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurifdi6tions, from the said Average Prices, either of Wheat or of Flour, according to the Prices in the Tables annexed to this A&, either of Wheat or of Flour nearest the said Average Prices, in lieu and place of the Tables directed to be made ufc of by the said Ads of the Thirty first Year 31 G.a. c.29, of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year 13G.3. c.6a, of the Reign of His present Maicfty ; and if at any time the Price of the Bu(hel of Wheat or Sack of Flour shall not amount to the lowest Price mentioned in the said Table, or shall exceed the hi^heft Price mentioned therein, then and in either of the said cases Jt shall be lawful for all Courts, and Person and Persons duly authorized, to continue to fet and afeertain within their several Jurifdi&ions the Aftize and Price of Bread made for Sale or exposed to Sale, whatever the Price of the Bu(hel of Wheat or Sack of Flour may be: Pro- Provifo. . vided always, that in setting and ascertaining the fame, such Court, or Person or Persons respectively, shall duly observe the Proportions

contained

C. 116.

462

53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

38 G. 3. c. 62.

AfTtre to commence and continue as directed by Court,

Where Wheat or Flour has been brought from aDistance, Addition made to Aflize.

Refilling or making falie Returns.

Penalty.

Afcjrtaining Corre&neU of Returns.

contained in the said Tables annexed to this Ad, as near as caa be; and provided also, that the Allowance of Five pence per Quarter os Wheat, which, by an A A pafTed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to emptier Magijf rates and Jujlices of the Peace, in Jetting the AJfi'ze of Bread, to male an Allowance on account of the additional Duty cn Sek Magiftrate* are directed to make the Bakers in setting the Afiireot Bread on account of the then additional Duty on Salt, shall be con-fidercd and taken as included in the Allowance given to the Eaktrs by the said Tables annexed to this A6t.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Aflize which shall be fet in pursuance of this Ad, for any City, Town Corporate or Borough, shall commence and take place on such Day in every Week, | and be in force for such time not exceeding Seven Days from the | setting of the fame, and shall be made public in such manner, as the Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiflratcs who shall fet the fame, shall from time to time direct and appoint; and that every Aflize which shall be fet in pursuance of this A6t for any County, Division, Riding or Diftrid, shall commence and take place on such Day in every Week, and be in force for such time no: exceeding Fourteen Days from the setting of the fame, and shall be made public in such manner as the Justices of the Peace whd shall fet the fame shall from time to time direct and appoint.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in cases where the Price! and Quantities of Wheat or Wheat Flour bought or fold in distant Places shall be returned, and be included in the Prices from which the general Average Price of Wheat and of Flour is made for any City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Division, Riding or Place, where an Aflize of Bread is fet as hereinbefore directed, it shall be lawful for the Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magidrates of any such City, Town Corporate or Borough, or the Justices of the Peace in any such County, Divifion or Riding, and they are hereby required, previous to such Average being made, to add such an Allowance for the Expence and Ri(k of Carriage or Tranfportation, as from the Inquiry or Proof made shall to such Court or Courts, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, appear just and reasonable, foas that the Average Price of Wheat and Wheaten Flour, for any such City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Division, Riding or Place may be from time to time ascertained according to what such Wheat or Wheaten Flour may truly have cost the Person or Pcrfons who may have bought the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted, That every Cornfactor, Miller, Meaiman, Baker or other Person, who is or hereafter shall be a Dealer in Wheat or Flour, and every Receiver of Aflize Returns who shall be required by this Ad to make any Return, who shall refuse or neglect to make any such Return in manner and Form by this Ad directed, and at the time and the Place (pecified for that Purpose, or who shall make any false Return, shall forfeit for every such Offcoce any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, as the Court, or Person or Pcrfons before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Juftice or Justices of the

14	Peace

Peace authorized as aforesaid, who shall hare thought proper to have ordered any Return to be made of the Price of Wheat or Flour, ftiall at any time within the Space of Fourteen Days after any such Return shall have been made, suspect that the fame was not truly and bona fide made, then and in any such case it shall be lawful for any such Coart, or Person or Persons, to summon before them respectively the Person or Persons making such Return 5 or any other Person or Persons who shall be thought to be likely to giye any Information concerning the Premises, and to examine them respectively upon Oath touching the Rates and Prices the several Sorts of Wheat or of Flour mentioned in the said Return were there really and bona fide bought at or fold for, or agreed so to be, by him, her or them respectively, at any time or tiroes within the Space mentioned in the said Return; and it any Person or Persons who shall be To summoned as aforesaid,

shall neglect or refuse to appear on such Summons (and Proof shall be made on Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon him, her or them for that Purpofe), or if any Person or Persons so summoned shall appear, and neglect or refuse to answer such lawful Refuting to ap-

Sueftions touching the Premifes as shall be proposed to him, her or pear and answer.

em, by any such Court, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, without some juU or reasonable Excuse, to be allowed of by any such Court, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, he, (he or they so offending, on being confided of any such Offence, either by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or his or their own Confeflion before any such Court, or Person or Persons, shall on every such Con-vision forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, as any Penalty, such Court or Person or Persons shall think fit and order; and if any Person who shall be so examined on Oath shall wilfully forswear him or herself, every such Person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indidment or Information by due Courle of Law, Perjury, and if convidcd, shall be liable to the Penalties Persons convicted of Perjury are subject and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That neither this Ad or any Provifo for thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to, extend to Uuivcrfiues. prejudice the ancient Right or Cuftom of the Two Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Pradice within the several Jurifdidions of the said Univerfities, or either of them, used to fet, afeertain and appoint the Ailize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be fold or exposed to Sale within their several Jurifdidions ; but that they and every of them shall and may severally and respectively from time to time as there shall be Occafion, fet, afeertain and appoint, within their several and respective Jurifdidions, the Afiize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be fold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever within the Limits of their several Jurifdic-tions, and shall and may inquire into and punish any Breach thereof, fully and freely in all respects as they used to do, and as if this Ad had never been made 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Former Ad*. Provihons, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and 31 G. 2. c.%9 Things, contained in the said Ads of the Thirty first Year of the 13 G.3«c.6a. Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, not altered

or

Digit--------

C. 116.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

$i G.z c.29.

Commencement of Aa.

Public Aa.

or varied by any of the Provifions of this Ad, as far as the (ace are or can be made applicable, and can be applied for carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Aft, shall be used, exercised and put in Execution for enforcing the Regulations, Prorifions and Direftions of this Aft, in such and the fame manner as if the fame were herein contained, and were at large re-enaded and made Part of this Aft ; and the Penalties by this A# inflicted shall be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties inflicted by the said Ad of the Thirty firlt Year of the Reign of King George the Second are directed to be recovered and applied.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall commence and take effect from and immediately after One Calendar Month from the palling thereof.

XV.	And be it enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULES to which this A£t refers.

Schedule, No. 1.

FORM OF RETURN OF WHEAT.

An ACCOUNT of all the Wheat fit for the Purpofeof making Wheaten Bread, bought or fold [as the case may be] by [infert Name] of [infert Refidenee] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclusive.				

Date when bought or fold.	Seller’s or Buyer's Name and Rcfidencc.	Quantities of Wheat. Qrs. Bu(h.	Price per Quarter.	Total Price.

			/	J

Self-

AJD. 1813.

53’GEO. III.

C.116.

465

Schedule, No. 2.

FORM OF RETURN OF WHEATEN FLOUR.

An ACCOUNT of all the Flour fit for making Wheaten Bread, bought or fold, [as the case may be'] by [Name] of [Refidence] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclusive.			

Date when bought or fold.	Seller’s or Buyer’s Name and Refidence.	Number of Sacks.	Price per Sack.

	•	•	

Schedule, No. 3.

FORM OF RETURN OF STANDARD WHEATEN FLOUR.

An ACCOUNT of all the Flour fit for making Standard Wheaten Bread, bought or fold [jj the case may be] by [Name] of [Refidence] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclusive.			

Date when bought or fold.	Seller’s or Buyer’s Name and Refidence.	Number of Sacks.	Price per Sack.

			

N.B. The Flour included in this Return is to weigh Three Fourths of the Weight of the Wheat of which it is made.

51 Geo. III.	H h

C.iuS.

53* GEO. Ill

AJD.1813

Schedule, No. 4.

FORM OF RETURN OF HOUSEHOLD FLOUR.

Ah ACCOUNT of all the Flour fit for making Houfehold Bread bought or fold [at the case may be] by [Name] of [Refidence] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclusive.			

Date when bought or fold.	Seller's or Buyer's Name and Refidence.	Number of Sacks.	Price per Sack*

			

Schedule, No. 5.

FORM of NOTICE when an Aflize of Bread is intended to be fet for any Place.

[Infat Name of Place'] 1 \TOTICE is hereby given. That by virtue To Wit. j of an A 61 of Parhament, pa flea in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An AB [here insert the Title of tbit AB] an Affize of Bread is intended to be fet for this [infert City, or what it may be'] ; and all Cornfactors, Miliers, Mealmen, Bakers and other Persons who are Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and residing or carrying on their Jlufinefs within this Jurifdidion, or who buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour, either in the Public Market or by Private Contrad within the fame, or within Five Miles thereof, [to be added where it it intended to call for Returnt within that Dijiance] are hereby required, on [infert Day] in each Week, till further Notice, to make Returns according to the Forms annexed to the said Ad, and according to the Regulations of the fame, to [infert Name] who has been duly appointed Receiver of Affize Returns under the said Ad, at [infert Place where Returns to be made] of the true and precise Quantities of all Wheat and Wheaten Flour respectively, fit for making Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, which shall have been bought or fold by them within Seven Days preceding in each Week, and the true and exact Prices for which fucn Wheat or Wheaten Flour Audi have been respectively bought or fold, and

the

A.D.1813.	53°GEO. IIL	C.ntf.

the Names and Refidences of the Persons of whom bought, or to whom fold ; and which Returns are to be signed by the Party making the fame : And all Persons required by this Notice to make any such Returns who shall neglect or refuse to make the fame, or who shall make any false Returns, will be liable to a Penalty for each Offence not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

(Signed) A. B. Receiver of Afiize Returns for [infert Name of Place].

H h a	Schedule

467

. I

47®

C.n 6.	53°	GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Schedule, No. 6.—TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of WHEATEN

■	1	i

THE PRICE TABLE.

When the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned at

No.

♦1.

42

43.

44.

45.

46-

47-48. 4.. 50.

51

52-

53

54.

55.

per

Quarter

56.

57. 58

59.

60.

61.

62.

63.

64.

65.

66.

67.

68.

69.

70.

71-

79

per

Bufhel.

When the Average Price of FLOUR

<« o

Z ~ £

. 5 OS 1

. «* o	J

v a	/

is

Is returned at

Add

Baking & . 13s ad. per Sack

BREAD.

Total Price, and| Baking, per Quarter.

per

Sack

Total I Price of Price, andlPeckLoaf.

Baking, per Sack.

|To weigh 171b. 6oz.|

/. d 119 0 121 0 123 0 125 0 127 0	a. d.  14	10$  15	1$ 15 4$ 15 7$ 15 10$	;. d. 134 10 136 10 138 10 140 10 142 10	/. d.  100	0  101	8 103 4  105	0  106	8	/. d. 113 4  115	0  116	8 118 4 120 0	x. d. 5 8 5 9 5 10  5	11  6	0	t. d.  2 10 2 10$ 2 11 2 11$ 3 0	/• d.  1 5 1 5$ 1 5$ 1 5$ 1 6	/. d. 0 5$ 0 8$ 0 8$ 0 4  0 9

129 0 131 0 133 0 135 0 137 0	16 it  16 4$  16	7} 16 10$  17	1$	144 10 146 10 148 10  150 10 152 10	108 4 110 0 111 8 113 4 115 0	121 8 123 4  125	0  126	8 128 4	6 1 6 2 6 3 6 4 6 5	3 0$ 3 1 3 1$  3 2 3 2	1 6$ ! 3  1 7  1 H	0 9$  : 3  0 0$  0 9$

139 0 141 0 143 0 145 0 147 0	17 4$  17	7$  17 10$  18	1$ 18 4$	154 10 156 10 158 10 160 10 162 10	116 8 118 4 120 0 121 8 123 4	130	0  131	8 133 4  135	0  136	8	6 6 6 7 6 8 6 9 6 10	3 3 3 3$ 3 4 3 4$ 3 5	1 7$  1  1 8 1 8$ 1 8$	0 9$ 0 9$ 0 10 0 10$ 0 10$

149	0  150	0 152 6 154 6 156 6	18	7$  18 9  19	o$  19 3$ 19 6$	164 10 166 10 168 4 170 4 172 4	125	0  126	8 128 4  130	0  131	8	138 4  140	0  141	8 143 4  145 0	6 11 7 0 7 1 7 2  7 3	3 5$ 3 6 3 6$ 3 7 3 7*	1  1 9 1 9$  13	0 10$ 0 10$ 0 lOf  0 10} 0 10$

158 6 160 6 162 6 164 6 166 6	19	oi  20	04 20 3$ 20 6$ 20 0}	174 4 176 4 178 4 180 4 182 4	133 4  135	0  136	8 138 4 140 0	146 8 148 4  150	0  151	8 153 4	7 4 7 5 7 6 7 7 7 8	3 8 3 8$ 3 9 3 9$ 3 10	1 10 1 10$ 1 10* 1 10$ 1 11	0 JJ 0 11$ 0 11} 0 11$ 0 11$

168 6 170 6  172 «  174 6 176 6	21 0$  21	3$ 21 6$ 21  22	0$	184 4  186 4 168 4 190 4 192 4	141 8 143 4  145	0  146	8 148 4	155	0  156	8 158 4 160 0 101 8	7 9 7 10  7	11  8	0 8 1	3 10$ 3 11  3	11$  4	0 4 0$	1 11$ 1 11$ 111$ 2 0 2 0$	0 11$ 0 11$  0	11$  1	0 1 0$

178 «	22 3$ 22 64	194 4  196 4	150	0  151	8	163 4 165 0	8' 9 8 3	4 1 4 ii	2 0$ 2 0$	1 0$ 1 0$

Price of Half Peck] Loaf. |To weigh 18 lb. tioa.l

Price of Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4lb. 50a. 8dr.

Price of Half Quartern

|*l owei^h

lib. lot ildr.

JV. B^Bj thU Table, the Number of Pounds of

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.m.	C.116.	469

BREAD, from the PRICE of WHEAT, and from the PRICE of FLOUR.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.												

No. of Aflize and Price,	The  Penny  Loaf,  To weigh	The Two-penny Loaf,  To weigh	The  Three-penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The  Six-penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The  Twelve-  penny  Loaf, To weigh			The  Eighteen-  penny  Loaf, To weigh		No.

	oz. dr.	b. ox. dr.	lb.	ox. dr.	lb.	ox. dr.	lb.	ox.	dr.	lb.	ox dr.	

1.	9 14	1 3 10	1	13. 12	0	11 9	7	7	2	11	2 11	1.

3.	9 9	1 0 2	1	12 12	3	9 8	7	3	0	10	12 8	2.

a.	9 4	12 8	1	11 12	3	7 9	6	15	3	10	6 12	3.

4.	8 15	1 1 14	1	10 14	3	5 12	6	11	9	10	1 6	4.

5	8 11	1 1 6	1	10 1	3	4 2	6	8	4	9	12 6	5.

6.	8 6	1 0 13	1	9 4	3	2 8	6	5	1	9	7 10	6.

7	8 2	1 0 5	1	8 8	3	1 0	6	2	1	9	3 2	7.

6.	7 15	0 15 14	1	7 13	2	15 10	5	15	5	8	14 15	8.

9	7 11	0 15 7	1	7 2	2	14 5	5	12	10	8	11 0	9.

10	7 8	O 15 0	1	6 8	2	13 1	5	10	2	8	7 3	10.

11	7 3	0 14 10	1	5 15	2	11 14	5	7	12	8	3 10	11.

12	7 2	O 14 4	1	5 6	2	10 12	5	5	8	8	0 4	12.

10.	6 15	0 13 14	1	4 13	2	9 11	5	0	6	7	13 1	13.

14.	6 12	0 10 8	1	4 5	2	8 10	5	1	5	7	10 0	14.

15	6 9	O 10 3	1	3 13	2	7 li	4	5	6	7	7 2	15.

16.	6 7	O 12 14	1	0 6	2	6 12	4	13	9	7	4 5	16.

17.	6 5	O 12 10	1	2 15	2	5 14	4	11	13	7	1 11	17.

18.	6 2	0 12 5	1	2 8	2	5 1	4	10	2	6	15 3	18.

19	6 0	0 12 1	1	2 2	2	4 4	4	8	8	6	12 12	19.

30.	5 14	0 11 13	1	1 11	2	3 7	4	6	15	6	10 7	20.

21	5 12	0 119	1	1 6	2	2 12	4.	5	8	6	8 4	21.

23.	5 10	0 115	1	1 0	2	2 0	4	4	1	6	6 1	22.

20.	5 8	0 111	1	0 10	2	1 5	4	2	11	6	4 1	23.

24.	3 7	0 10 14	1	0 5	2	0 11	4	1	6	6	2 1	24.

25.	5 5	O 10 11	1	0 0	2	0 1	4	0	2	6	0 3	25.

26.	5 0	0 10 7	0	15 11	1	15 7	3	14	15	5	14 6	26.

27.	5 2	0 10 4	0	15 7	1	14 14	3	13	12	5	12 10	27-

28.	5 0	0 10 1	0	15 2	1	14 5	3	12	10	5	10 15	28.

29.	4 15	0 9 14	0	14 14	1	13 13	3	11	11	5	9 8	29.

00.	4 14	0 9 12	0	14 10	1	13 4	3	10	8	5	7 12	30.

01.	4 12	0 9 9	0	14 6	1	12 12	3	9	8	5	6 4	31.

02.	4 11	0 9 6	0	14 2	1	12 4	3	8	8	5	4 3	32.

00.	4 10	0 9 4	0	13 14	1	11 12	3	7	9	5	3 6	33.

04.	4 8	0 9 1	0	13 10	1	11 5	3	6	11	5	2 0	34

05.	4 7	0 8 15	0	13 7	1	10 14	3	5	12	5	0 11	;V5.

06.	4 6	0 8 13	0	13 3	1	10 7	3	4	15	4	15 6	36.

37.	4 5	0 8 11	0	13 0	1	10 1	3	4	2	4	14 3	37-

38.	4 4	0 8 8	0	12 13	1	9 10	3	3	5	4	12 15	38.

09.	4 3	0 8 6	0	12 10	1	9 4	3	2	8	4	11 13	39.

40.	4 2	0 8 4	0 12 7		1	9 14	3	1	12	4	10 10	40.

Hh t	(tmthmtS.)

n/-

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Schedule, No 7.—TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of STANDARD WHf ATEN THE PRICE TABLE.

'When the Average Price of FLOUR	

	Add

Is re-	Baking

turned	Sec.

at	13s. 4d. per Sack.

When the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned at

a

a

^ vi

.5 «

^ o o v* .*lfO

* * e 2

& ^3^

BREAD.

No.	per  Quarter.		per  Bulhel.		Total Price, and Baking, per Quarter.		per Sack.		Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of PecV Loaf. I’o weigh 171b. box.		Price of Half Peck Loaf.  1 0 weigh Sib. 11 ox.		Price of Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4lb. 50Z. 8 dr.		Price cf Half Quarters Loaf 1 0 weigh lib lor 12 dr

	/.	d.	t	d.	/•	d.	/•	d.	/.	d.	J.	d.		d.	«.	d.	1. d.

1.	39	6	4	Ill	56	2	31	8	45	0	2	3	1		0	<4	0 3$

3.	41	6	5	21	58	2	33	4	46	8	2	4	1	2	0	7	0 3$

3.	43	8	5	5$	60	4	35	0	48	4	2	5	1	2$	0	7i	0 31

4.	45	8	5	8$	63	4	36	8	50	0	2	6	1	3	0	74	0

5.	47	10	5	Ilf	64	6	38	4	51	8	2	7	1	3$	0	74	0 3$

6.	49	10	6	2$	66	6	40	0	53	4	2	8	1	4	0	8	0 4

7-	53	0	6	6	68	8	41	8	55	0	2	9	1	4$	0	8$	0 4$

8	54	‘2	6	9$	70	10	43	4	56	8	3	10	1	5	0	4	0 4$

9-	56	2	7	0]	72	10	45	0	58	4	2	11	1		0	6$	0 «i

10.	58	4	7	3}	75	0	46	8	60	0	3	0	1	6	0	9	0

11	60	4	7	6$	77	0	48	4	61	8	3	1	1	6*	0	9$	0 4i

13.	63	6	7	9f	79	2	50	0	63	4	3	2	1	7	0		0 4 j

13.	64	6	8	Of	81	2	51	8	65	0	3	3	1	7$	0	9}	0 4i

14.	66	s	8	4	83	4	53	4	66	8	3	4	1	6	0	10	0 5

If.	68	8	8	7	85	4	55	0	68	4	3	5	1	8$	0	10$	0 5|

16.	70	10	8 10$		87	6	56	8	70	0	3	6	1	9	0	H>$	0 5$

17.	72	10	9	1*	89	6	58	4	71	8	3	7	1	9$	0 10$		0 5*

18.	73	0	9		91	8	60	0	73	4	3	8	1	10	0	11	0 5$

19.	77	0	9	4	93	8	61	8	75	0	3	9	1	10$	0 11$		0 5$

30	79	2	9	I of	95	10	63	4	76	8	3	10	1	11	0 11$		°

31.	81	3	10	1*	97	JO	65	0	78	4	3	11	1		0	Hi	0 5$

33	83	4	10	5	100	0	66	8	60	O	4	0	2	0	1	0	0 6

33.	85	4	10	8	102	0	68	4	81	8	4	1	2	0$	1	0$	0

34.	87	6	10		104	2	70	0	83	4	4	2	2	1	1	0$	0 6{

35.	89	6	11	2$	106	2	71	8	85	0	4	3	2	1$	1	3	0 61

36.	91	8	11	**	108	4	73	4	s6	8	4	4	2	2	1	1	0 6$

37-	93	8	11	8*	110	4	75	0	88	4	4	5	2	2$	1	1$	0 6{

38.	95	10	11	Uf	112	6	76	8	90	0	4	6	2	3	1	1$	0 6j

39	97	10	12	2}	114	6	78	4	91	8	4	7	2	3$	1	1$	0 6$

30-	100	0	12	6	116	8	80	0	93	4	4	8	2	4	1	2	0 7

31.	103	0	13	9	118	8	81	8	4J3	0	4	9	2	4$	1	2$	0 7*

33.	• 04	3	13	°i	120	10	83	4	96	8	4	10	2	5	1	2$	0 74

33.	106	3	13	3$	132	10	85	0	98	4	4	11	2	5$	1	2$	0 74

34.	108	4	13	<>}	125	0	86	8	100	0	5	0	2	6	1	3	0 74

35.	110	4	13	9$	J27	0	88	4	101	8	5	1	2	6$	1	3$	0 74

36.	113	6	14	0 i	129	2	90	0	103	4	5	2	2	7	1	3$	0 74

37*	114	6	14		131	2	91	8	105	0	5	3	2	7$	1	3$	0 74

38.	116	8	14	7	133	4	93	4	106	6	5	4	2	8	1	4	0 s

39-	118	8 1	14	10	135	4	95	0	108	4	5	5	2	8$	1	4$	0 s|

40.	120	10 j	15	1 i	137	6	96	8	110	0	5	6	2	9	1	41	0 641

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

No. of Aflize and Price. |	The . Penny Loaf,  Ta weigh		The  Two-penny  Loaf,  Ta weigh			The  Three-penny  Loaf,  To weigh			The  Six-penny  Loaf,  To weigh			The  Twehre-  penny  Loaf, Ta weigh			The  Eighteen.  penny  Loaf, To weigh	1*0.

i*	ox.  10	dr.  7	16.  1	ox.  4	dr.  14	lb.  1	ox  15	dr.  5	lb.  3	OX.  14	dr,  10	lb.  7	ox.  13	dr.  4	lb. ox. dr. 11 11 14	1.

2.	9	14	1	3	13	1	13	12	3	11	9	7	7	2	11 2 11	3*

3.	9	9	1	3	2	1	12	12	3	9	8	7	3	0	10 12 8	3.

4.	9	4	1	2	8	1	11	12	3	7	9	6	15	3	10 6 12	4.

5.	8	15	1	1	14	1	10	14	3	5	12	6	11	9	10 1 6	5.

6.	8	11	1	1	6	1	10	1	3	4	2	6	8	4	9 12 6	6.

7.	8	6	1	0	13	1	9	4	3	*	8	6	5	1	9 7 10	7-

8.	8	2	1	0	5	1	8	8	3	1	0	6	2	1	9 3 2	8.

9e	7	15	0	15	14	1	7	13	2	15	10	5	15	5	8 14 15	9.

10.	7	11	0	15	7	1	7	2	2	14	5	5	12	10	8 110	10.

11.	7	8	0	15	0	1	6	8	2	13	1	5	10	2	8 7 3	11.

12.	7	5	0	14	10	1	5	15	2	11	14	5	7	12	8 3 10	12.

13.	7	2	0	14	4	1	5	6	2	10	12	5	5	8	8 0 4	13.

14	6	15	0	13	14	1	4	13	2	9	11	5	3	6	7 13 1	14.

15.	6	12	0	13	8	1	4	5	2	8	10	5	1	5	7 10 0	15.

16.	- 6	9	0	13	3	1	3	13	2	7	11	4	15	6	7 7 2	

17.	6	7	0	12	14	1	3	6	2	6	12	4	13	9	7 4 5	17.

18.	6	5	0	12	10	1	2	15	2	. 5	14	4	11	13	7 1 11	18.

19.	6	2	0	12	5	1	2	8	2	5	1	4	10	2	6 15 3	19*

20.	6	0	0	12	1	1	2	2	2	4	4	4	8	8	6 12 12	20.

21.	5	14	0	11	13	1	1	11	2	3	7	4	6	15	6 10 7	21.

22.	5	12	0	11	9	1	1	6	2	2	12	4	5	8	6 8 4	22.

23.	5	10	0	11	5	1	1	0	2	2	0	4	4	1	6 6 1	23.

24.	5	8	0	11	1	1	0	10	2	1	5	4	2	11	6 4 1	24.

25.	5	7	0	10	14	1	0	5	2	0	11	4	1	6	6 2 1	25.

26.	5	5	0	10	11	1	0	0	2	0	1	4	0	2	6 0 3	26.

27.	5	3	0	10	7	0	15	11	1	15	7	3	14	15	5 14 6	27.

28*	5	2	0	10	4	0	15	7	1	14	14	3	13	12	5 12 10 ,	28.

29.	5	0	0	10	1	0	15	2	1	14	5	3	12	10	5 10 15	29

30.	4	15	0	9	14	0	14	14	1	13	13	3	11	11	5 9 8	30.

31.	4	14	0	9	12	0	14	10	1	13	4	3	10	8	5 7 12	31.

32.	4	12	„ 0	9	9	0	14	6	1	12	12	3	9	8	5 6 4	32.

33.	4	11	0	9	6	0	14	2	1	12	4	3	8	8	5 4 3	33.

34.	4	10	0	9	4	0	13	14	1	11	12	3	7	9	5 3 6	34.

35.	4	8	0	9	1	0	13	10	1	11	5	3	6	11	5 2 0	35.

36.	4	7	0	8	15	0	13	7	1	10	14	3	5	12	5 0 11	36

37-	4	6	0	8	13	0	13	3	1	10	7	3	4	15	4 15 6	37.

38.	4	5	0	8	11	0	13	0	1	10	1	3	4	2	4 14 a	38.

39.	4	4	0	8	8	0	12	13	1	9	10	3	3	5	4 12 15	39.

40.	4	3	0	8	6	0	12	10	1	9	4	8	2	8	4 11 13	40.

															(continued	

C.n 6.	53°	GEO.	IH.	A.D.1813.

Schedule, No. 7.—TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of STANDARD WHEATEN

THE PRICE TABLE.

When the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned it

rs-

■o jt

1482

< •* * s.

& SL

When the Aver-*ge Price of FLOUR

Is re. turned at

Add

Baking,

&c. 13s. 4<L per Sack,

BREAD.

No.	per  Quarter.		per  Buihel.		Total Price, and Baking, per Quarter.		per Sack.		Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of PeckLoaf. To weigh 17lb. 6ox.		Price of Half Peck Loaf. To weigh 8 lb. it ox.	Price of Quartern Loaf, To weigh 4 lb. 5 oz. 8 dr.	Price of Half Quartern Loaf. To weigh 2 lb. 2 ox. 12 dr.

	/.	d.	i.	d.	X.	d.	i.	d.	X.	d,	X.	<L	/. d.	X. d.	x. d.

. 41-	133	10	15	4*	139	6	98	4	Ill	8	5	7	2 9*	1 4*	0 8*

%2.	135	0	15	7$	141	8	100	0	113	4	5	8	2 10	1 5	0 8*

43.	137	0	15	io*	143	8	101	8	115	0	5	9	2 10*	1 **	0 8*

44.	139	2	16		145	10	103	4	116	8	5	10	2 11	1 5*	0 8*

45.	131	2	16	4*	147	10	105	0	118	4	5	11	2 11*	1 5*	0 8*

46.	133	4	16	8	150	0	106	* 8	120	0	6	0	3 0	1 6	0 9

47-	135	4	16	11	152	0	108	4	121	8	6	1	3 0*	1 6*	0 9*

48.	137	6	17	2*	154	2	110	0	123	4	6	2	3 1	1 6*	0 9*

49.	139	6	17	H	156	2	111	8	125	0	6	3	3 1*	1 6*	0 9*

50.	141	8	17	8*	158	4	113	4	126	8	6	4	3 2	l 7	0 9*

51.	143	8	17	11*	160	4	115	0	128	4	6	5	3 2*	1 7*	0 9*

53.	145	10	18	2*	162	6	116	8	130	0	6	6	3 3	l 7*	0 9*

53.	147	10	18		164	6	118	4	131	8	6	7	3 3*	1 7*	0 9*

54.	150	0	18	9	166	8	120	0	133	4	6	8	3 4	1 8	0 10

55.	153	0	19	0	168	8	121	8	135	0	6	9	3 4*	1 8*	0 10*

56.	154	2	19	3*	170	10	123	4	136	8	6	10	3 5	1 8*	0 10*

57.	156	2	19	H	172	10	125	0	138	4	6	11	3 5*	1 8*	0 10*

5 8*	158	4	19	9*	175	0	126	8	140	0	7	0	3 6	1 9	0 10*

59*	160	4	20	0*	177	0	128	4	141	8	7	1	3 6*	1 9*	0 10*

60.	163	6	20	3*	179	2	130	0	143	4	7	2	3 7	1 9*	0 10*

61*	164	6	20		181	2	131	8	145	0	7	3	3 7*	1 9*	0 10*

63*	166	8	20	10	183	4	133	4	146	8	7	4	3 8	1 10	0 11

63*	168	8	21	1	185	4	135	0	148	4	7	5	3 8*	1 10*	0 11*

64*	170	10	21	4*	187	6	136	8	150	0	7	6	3 9	1 10*	0 11*

; 65.	173	10	21	7*	189	6	138	4	151	8	7	7	3 9*	1 10*	0 11*

• 66*	175	0	21	10*	191	8	140	0	153	4	7	8	3 10	1 11	0 11*

67.	177	0	22	1*	193	8	141	8	155	0	7	9	3 10*	1 11*	0 11*

, w/ • ; 68*	179	2	22	4*	195	10	143	4	156	8	7	0	3 11	1 11*	0 11*

69*	181	2	22	7*	197	10	145	0	158	4	7	11	3 11*	1 11*	0 11*

:7 0-	183	4	22	11	300	0	146	8	160	0	8	0	4 0	2 0	1 0

If, A— By thia Table, the Number of Pounds of Bread to be fold as the Price of a

and fo^ the Sack of Flour,

THE ASSIZE TABLE,

	The			The			The		The				The		The			

«3  0	Penny		Two-penny			Three-penny			Six-penny			Twelve-			Eighteen-			

£												penny			penny			

-0	Loaf.		Loaf,			Loaf,			Loaf,									

§												Loaf,			Loaf,			

K  UZ																		

<				.														

																		

d  Z	To weigh		To	weigh		To	we	igb	To	weigh		To weigh			To	weigh		No.

	0%	dr.	lb.	0*	dr.	lb.	on.	dr.	lb.	OK.	dr.	lb.	OK.	Jr.	lb.	oz.	dr.	

41.	4	2	0	8	4	0	12	7	1	8	14	a	1	12	4	10	10	41.

4 2.	4	1	0	8	2	0	12	4	1	8	8	3	1	0	4	9	9	42.

43.	4	0	0	8	0	0	12	1	1	8	2	3	0	5	4	8	8	43.

44.	3	15	0	7	15	0	11	14	1	7	13	2	15	10	4	7	7	44.

45	3	14	0	7	13	0	11	11	1	7	7	2	14	15	4	6	7	45.

46.	3	13	0	7	11	0	11	9	1	7	2	2	14	5	4	5	8	46.

47-	3	12	0	7	9	0	11	6	1	6	13	2	13	11	4	4	8	47.

49.	3	12	0	7	8	0	11	4	1	6	8	2	13	1	4	3	9	48.

49.	3	11	0	7	6	0	11	1	1	6	3	2	12	7	4	2	11	49.

50.	3	10	0	7	5	0	10	15	1	5	15	2	11	14	4	1	13	50.

51.	3	9	0	7	3	0	10	13	1	5	10	2	11	5	4	0	15	51.

52.	3	9	0	7	2	0	10	11	1	5	6	2	10	12	4	0	2	52.

53.	3	8	0	7	0	0	10	8	1	5	1	2	10	3	3	15	15	53.

54.	3	7	0	6	15	0	10	6	l	4	13	2	9	11	3	14	9	54.

55.	3	6	0	6	13	0	10	4	1	4	9	2	9	2	a	13	12	55.

56.	3	6	0	6	12	0	10	2	1	4	5	2	8	10	3	13	0	56.

57.	3	5	0	6	11	0	10	0	1	4	1	2	8	3	3	12	4	57.

58.	3	4	0	6	9	0	9	14	1	3	13	42	7	11	3	11	9	56.

59.	3	4	0	6	8	0	9	12	1	3	9	2	7	3	3	10	13	59.

60.	3	3	0	6	7	0	9	11	1	3	6	2	6	12	3	10	2	60.

61.	3	3	0	6	6	0	9	9	1	3	2	2	6	5	3	9	8	61.

62.	3	2	0	6	5	0	9	7	1	2	15	2	5	14	3	8	13	62.

63.	3	1	0	6	3	0	9	5	1	2	11	2	5	7	3	8	3	63.

64.	3	1	0	6	2	0	9	4	1	2	8	2	5	1	3	7	9	64.

65.	3	0	0	6	1	0	9	2	1	2	5	2	4	10	3	6	15	65.

66.	3	0	0	6	0	0	9	1	1	2	2	2	4	4	3	6	6	66.

67.	2	15	0	5	15	0	8	14	1	1	13	2	a	10	3	5	7	61.

68.	2	15	0	5	14	0	8	13	1	1	11	2	3	7	3	5	3	68.

69.	2	14	0	5	13	0	8	12	1	1	8	2	3	1	3	4	10	69.

70.	2	14	0	5	12	0	8	11	1	1	6	2	2	12	3-	4	2	7u.

Quarter of Wheat, including the Allowance aa above, is 434 Pounds Avoirdupois; 347 Pounds 8 Ounces.

4 76	C.116. 53<’GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Schedule, No. 8.—TABLE of the PRICE end ASSIZE of HOUSEHOLD BREAD,

					THE PRICE TABLE.													

When the Average Price of ' WHEAT							W ben the Average Price of FLOUR											

	I* returned it				Add for Grinding, Baking, &c. 18*. per Quarter, or 8d per v Peck Loaf.	| OR	Is returned at		Add Baking, &c. 13s. 4d. per Sack.					BREAD.				

No.	per  Quarter.		I*r  Bulhel.		Total Price, and Baking,  ^Per  Quarter.	per Sack.			Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of PeckLoaf. To weigh 17lb. 6oz.		Price of Half Peck Loaf. To weigh 8 lb. lioz.		Price of Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4 lb. 5oz. 8 dr.		1 Price of 1 Half Quartern Loaf. To weigh 2 lb. 2 ox. 12 dr.	

1.	i.  38	d.  2	i.  4	d.  H	/. d. 56 2	i.  28		d.  4	/.  41	d.  8	t.  2	d. 1	s.  1	d.  0*	i.  0	d.  H	/.  O	d.  3*

2.	40	6	5	Oi	58 4	30		0	43	4	2	2	1	1	0	0*	O	3*

3.	42	8	5	4	60 8	31		8	45	0	2	3	1	1*	0	6*	O	3*

4.	44	10	5	7*	62 10	33		4	46	8	2	4	1	2	0	7	O	3*

5.	47	0-	5.10$		65 0	35		0	48	4	2	5	1	2*	0	7f	0	3*

6.	49	4	6	2	67 4	36		8	50	0	2	6	1	3	0	7*	0	3*

7-	51	6	6	5*	69 6	38		4	51	8	2	7	1	3*	0	7*	o	H

8.	53	8	6	8*	71 8	40		0	53	4	2	8	1	4	0	8	o	4

9*	56	0	7	0	74 0	41		8	55	0	2	9	1	4*	0	H	0	4*

10.	58	2	7	3*	76 2	43		4	56	8	2	10	1	5	0	8*	0	4*

11.	60	6	7	6*	78 6	45		0	58	4	2	11	1	*f	0	8*	0	4*

12.	62	8	7	10	80 8	46		8	60	0	3	0	1	6	0	9	o	4f

13.	65	0	8	if	83 0	49		4	61	8	3	1	1	6*	0	9*	0	4*

14.	67	2	8	4*	85 2	50		0	63	4	3	2	1	7	0	9*	0	4*

15.	69	6	8	8f	87 6	51		8	65	0	3	3	1	7*	0	9*	0	4*

16.	71	8	8	11*	89 8	53		4	66	8	3	4	1	8	0	10	0	5

17.	74	0	9	3	92 0	55		0	68	4	3	5	1	»*	0 10*		o	H

18-	76	2	9	6*	94 2	56		8	70	0	3	6	1	9	0 10*		0	H

19.	78	6	9	9*	96 6	58		4	71	8	3	7	1	9f	0 10*		0	H

aa	80	8	10	1	98 8	60		0	73	4	3	8	1	10	0	11	0	*f

21*	83	0	10	4*	101 0	61		8	75	0	3	9	1	10*	0	11*	0	5*

22.	65	4	10	8	103 4	63		4	76	8	a	10	1	11	0	11*	0	5*

23.	87	6	10	11*	105 6	65		0	78	4	3	11	1	11*	0	11*	0	3*

24.	89	8	11	2f	107 8	66		8	80	0	4	0	2	0	1	0	0	6

25.	92	0	11	6	110 0	68		4	81	8	4	1	2	0*	1	0*	0	6*

26.	94	2	11	9*	112 2	70		0	83	4	4	2	2	1	1	0*	0	H

?;•	96	6	12	o4	114 6	71		8	85	0	4	3	2	If	1	0*	0	H

28.	98	8	12	4	116 8	73		4	86	8	4	4	2	2	1	1	0	6*

29-	101	0	12	74	119 0	75		0	88	4	4	5	2	2f	1	1*	0	ft*

30.	103	2	12 10*		121 2	76		8	90	0	4	6	2	3	1	If	0	8*

31.	105	6	13	H	123 6	78		4	91	8	4	7	2	3f	1	1*	0	6*

32.	107	8	13	H	125 8	80		0	93	4	4	8	2	4	1	2	0	7

33.	110	0	13	9	128 0	81		8	95	0	4	9	2	4f	1	2*	0	7*

34.	112	2	14	of	130 2	83		4	96	8	4	10	2	5	1	2f	0	7*

35.	114	64	14		132 6	85		0	98	4	4	11	2	*f	1	2*	0	«l

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

No. of Affixe and Price.	The  Penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The  Two-penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The Three-penny Loaf,  To weigh			The  Six-penny  Loaf,  To weigh			The  T welve-penny  Loaf, To weigh		The  Eighteen-  penny  Loaf, 7o weigh		No.

	os.	dr.	lb. ox.	dr.	lb.	OS.	dr.	lb.	os.	dr.	lb. os.	dr.	lb.	os dr.	

1.	11	1	1 6	3	2	1	5	4	2	11	8 5	7	12	8 2	1.

9.	10	11	1 5	6	9	0	7	4	0	2	8 0	4	12	0 7	2.

3.	10, 4		1 4	9	1	15	5	3	13	12	7 n	8	11	9 5	3.

4.	9	14	1 3	13	1	13	12	3	11	9	7 7	2	11	2 11	4.

5.	9	9	1 3	2	1	12	12	3	9	8	7 a	0	10	12 8	5.

6.	9	4	1 2	8	1	11	12	3	7	9	6 15	a	10	6 12	6.

7.	8	15	1 1	14	1	10	14	3	5	12	6 11	9	10	1 6	7-

8.	8	11	1 1	6/	I	10	1	3	4	2	6 8	4	9	12 6	8.

9.	8	6	1 0	13	1	9	4	3	2	8	6 5	1	9	7 10	9.

IO.	8	2	1 0	5	1	8	8	3	1	0	6 2	l	9	3 2	10.

11.	7	15	0 15	14	1	7 43		2	15	10	5 15	5	8	14 15 *	11.

19.	7	11	0 15	7	1	7	2	2	14	5	5 12	10	8	11 0	12.

13.	7	8	0 15	0	1	6	8	2	13	1	5 10	2	8	7 3	13.

14.	7	5	0 14	10	1	5	15	2	11	14	5 7	12	8	3 10	14.

15.	7	2	0 14	4	1	5	6	2	10	12	5 5	8	8	0 4	1 i.

16.	6	15	0 13	14	1	4	13	2	9	11	5 3	6	7	13 1	16.

17	6	12	O 13	8	1	4	5	2	8	10	5 1	5	7	10 0	15.

16.	6	9	0 13	3	1	3	13	2	7	11	4 15	6	7	7 2	IS.

19.	6	7	0 12	14	1	a	6	2	6	12	4 13	9	7	4 5	17.

20*	6	5	0 12	10	1	2	15	2	5	14	4 11	13	7	1 11	20.

21.	6	2	0 12	5	1	2	8	2	5	1	4 10	2	6	15 3	21.

22.	6	0	0 12	1	1	2	2	2	4	4	4 8	8	6	12 12	27.

28.	5	14	0 11	13	1	1	11	2	3	7	4 6	15	6	10 7	25.

24.	5	12	0 11	9	1	1	6	2	2	12	4 5	8	6	8 4	24.

25.	5	10	0 11	5	1	1	0	2	2	0	4 4	1	6	6 1	25*

26.	5	8	0 11	1	1	0	10	2	1	5	4 2	11	6	4 1	23.

97.	5	7 r	o‘ 10	14	1	0	5	2	0	11	4 1	6	6	2 1	27.

26.	5	5 '	0 10	11	1	0	0	2	0	1	4 0	2	6	0 a	28.

29.	5	3	0 10	7	0	15	11	1	15	7	3 14	15	5	14 6	29*

AO*	5	2	0 10	4	0	15	7	1	14	14	3 13	12	5	12 10	30.

31.	5	0	0 10	1	0	15	2	1	14	5	3 12	10	5	10 15	31.

82.	4	15	O 9	14	0	14	14	1	13	13	3 11	11	5	9 8	32‘

33.	4	14	0 9	12	0	14	10	1	13	4	3 10	8	5	7 12	83.

34.	4	12	0 9	9	0	14	6	1	12	12	3 9	8	5	6 4	34.

35.	4	11	0 9	6	0	14	2	1	12	4	3 •	8	5	4 3	*b5.

Schedule No. 8. — TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of HOUSEHOLD BREAD

T. E PkJCE TABLE.

When the Aver-age Price of FLOUR	

	Add

Is re-	Baking,

turned	Sec.

at	Ids. 4d.

	per Sack.

Wuen the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned at

12 i-6 ^ s - * s

o O O-3

w <*

2 £ H t

■o .2 ra

<oqO» J

BREAD.

No.	per  Quarter.		per  Bulhel.		Total Price, and Baking, per Quarter.		per Sack.		Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of Peck I oaf. To weigh 17 lb.602.		Price of Half Peck Loaf. To weigh 8 lb. 11 02		| Price oi (Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4 lb. 5uz. 8 dr.	F Price of [ Half Quartern Loaf.  1 To weijh alb.  13 dr.

	/.	d	s.	J.	/.	d.	/.	d.	i.	d.	s.	d.	s.	d.	x. d.	», I

06.	116	8	14	7	134	8	86	8	100	0	5	0	2	6	1 3	0 74

37.	119	0	14 10$		137	0	88	4	101	8	5	1	2	6*	1 3$	0 74

08.	121	2	15	1$	139	2	90	0	103	4	5	2	2	7	1 34	0 7$

39.	123	6	15	5$	141	6	91	8	105	0	5	3	2	7*	1 3$	0 7$

40.	125	8	15	«*	143	8	93	4	106	8	5	4	2	8	1 4	0 8

41.	128	0	16	0	146	0	95	0	108	4	5	5	2	8$	1 4$	0 sj

42	130	2	16	H	148	2	96	8	no	0	5	6	2	9	1 44	0 b$

43.	132	4	16	64	150	4	98	4	111	8	5	7	2	9i	1 4$	0 $J

44.	134	8	16	10	152	8	100	0	113	4	5	8	2	IO	1 5	0 &4

45	136	8	17	1	154	8	101	8	115	0	5	9	2	10*	1 5$	0 H

46.	139	0	17	4*	157	0	103	4	116	8	5	10	2	11	1 5$	0

4'.	141	2	17	7$	159	2	105	0	118	4	5	11	2	n*	1 *$	0 H

48.	143	6	17	Hi	161	6	106	8	120	0	6	0	3	0	1 6	0 9

49.	145	8	18	2*	163	8	108	4	121	8	6	1	3	0*	1 6$	0 9i

50.	148	0	18	6	166	0	no	0	123	4	6	2	3	1	1 6J	0 9$

51.	150	4	18	9*	168	4	111	8	125	0	6	3	3	*4	1 6$	0 9$

52.	152	8	19	1	170	8	113	4	126	8	6	4	3	2	1 7	0 94

53.	154	8	19	4	172	8	115	0	128	4	6	5	3	24	1 7$	0 94

54.	157	0	19	74	175	0	116	8	130	0	6	6	3	3	1 74	0 9i

55.	159	2	19 10$		177	2	118	4	131	8	6	7	3	34	1 7$	0 9$

56.	161	6	20	2$	179	6	120	0	133	4	6	8	3	4	1 8	0 10

57.	163	8	20	**	181	8	121	8	135	0	6	9	3	•»4	1 8$	0 10$

58	166	0	20	9	184	0	123	4	136	8	6	10	3	5	1 84	0 10$

59.	168	4	21	0*	186	4	125	0	138	4	6	11	3	*4	1 8$	0 ioi

60.	170	8	21	4	188	8	126	8	140	0	7	0	3	6	1 9	0 10$

61.	173	0	21	74	191	0	128	4	141	8	7	1	3	64	1 9$	0 10$

62.	175	2	21	10$	193	2	130	0	143	4	7	2	3	7	1 9i	0 10$

63.	177	6	22	2$	195	6	131	8	145	0	7	3	3	74	1 9$	0 10$

64.	179	8	22	5$	197	8	133	4	146	8	7	4	3	8	1 10	0 10$

65.	182	0	22	9	200	0	135	0	148	4	7	5	3	84	1 10$	0 10$

AT. R — By this Table the Number of Pounds of Bread to be fold as the Price of a Quarter of Wleir,

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

I  i  i	The  Penny  Loaf,  Toweigh		The . Two-penny Loaf,  weigh			The  Threepenny  Loaf,  7a weigh			The  Six-penny  Loaf;  7a weigh			The  Twelve-  penny  Loaf, 7a weigh			The  Eighteen-  penny  Loaf, 7a weigh			No.

	os.	dr.	lb.	os.	dr.	1b,	OS.	dr.	lb.	os.	dr.	lb.	as.	dr.	lb.	as.	dr.	

36.	4	10	0	9	4	0	13	14	1	11	14	3	7	9	5	3	6	36

»7.	4	8	0	9	1	0	13	10	1	11	5	3	6	11	5	4	0	37

ts.	4	7	0	8	15	0	13	7	1	10	14	3	5	ia	5	0	11	38.

•0.	4	6	0	8	13	0	13	3	1	10	7	3	4	15	4	15	6	39

60.	4	5	0	8	11	0	13	0	1	10	1	3	4	4	4	14	3	40.

41.	4	4	0	8	8	0	14	13	1	9	10	3	3	5	4	14	15	4).

43.	4	4	0	8	6	0	14	10	1	9	4	3	3	8	4	11	13	44.

43.	4	a	0	8	4	0	14	7	1	8	14	3	1	13	4	10	10	43.

44	4	i	0	8	3	0	14	4	1	8	8	3	1	0	4	9	9	44.

45.	4	0	0	8	0	0	14	1	1	8	4	3	0	5	4	8	8	4 r>.

46.	3	15	0	7	15	0	11	14	1	7	13	4	15	10	4	7	7	46.

47.	3	14	0	7	13	0	11	11	1	7	7	4	14	15	4	6	7	47-

48.	3	13	0	7	11	0	11	9	1	7	4	3	14	5	4	5	8	48.

44	3	14	0	7	9	0	11	6	1	6	13	3	13	11	4	4	8	49.

50.	3	14	0	7	8	0	11	4	1	6	8	4	13	1	4	3	9	50.

51.	3	11	0	7	6	0	11	1	1	6	3	4	14	7	4	3	11	51.

U.	4	10	0	7	5	0	10	15	1	5	15	9	11	14	4	1	13	54.

54.	3	9	0	7	3	0	10	13	1	5	10	4	11	5	4	0	15	53.

54.	3	9	0	7	4	0	10	11	1	5	6	4	10	13	4	0	4	54.

55.	3	8	0	7	0	0	10	8	1	5	1	4	10	3	3	15	15	55

56.	3	7	0	6	15	o	10	6	1	4	13	3	9	11	3	14	9	56.

57.	3	6	0	6	13	0	10	4	1	4	9	3	9	3	3	13	14	57

58.	3	6	0	6	14	0	10	3	1	4	5	3	8	10	3	13	0	5 8.

59i	3	5	0	6	11	0	10	0	1	4	1	3	8	3	3	14	4	59.

4a	3	4	0	6	9	0	9	14	1	3	13	4	7	11	3	11	9	6a

61.	3	4	0	6	8	0	9	14	1	3	9	4	7	3	3	10	13	Cl.

H	3	4	0	6	7	0	9	11	1	3	6	3	6	14	3	10	4	64.

48.	4	3	0	6	6	0	9	9	1	3	4	3	6	5	3	9	8	63.

84.	3	a	0	6	5	0	9	7	1	4	15	4	5	14	3	8	13	64.

85.	8	i	0	6	3	0	9	5	1	4	11	4	5	•f	3	8	3	65.

minding the Allowance as above, is 468lbs. Avoirdupois, and for the Sack of Flour 347 lbs. 8 ox.

CAP.

C.II7.

53* GEO. IIL

A.D.1813.

No Trees to be

floated through Arches of Bridge, unless in Rafte,( and with a Conductor.

Penalty.

Notice of Erection or Repair •f Bridges.

cap. cxvn.

An A St to prevent Damage to certain Bridges in Scotland from the Floating of Timber.	[10th	July 1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS from the Floating of Timber upon certain River*

•	VV in Scotland, in separate Trees, Logs or Spars, without any

•	Perfon or Persons to conduct the fame. Damage ha* been occa-

•	honed to Bridges in Scotland while the fame are erecting or under

•	Repair, and it is exnedient to prevent the fame May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eua&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, no Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars shall be floated through any Arch, or between the Piers of any Bridge begun to be erected over any River in Scotland, nor through any Arch nor between the Piers o‘ any Bridge whatever in Scotland, between the Fifteenth Day of March and the First Day of November, when the fame shall be under such Repair that a Timber Frame or Centering for the temporary Support of the Bridge is in Ufe, Notice thereof being given by and under the Authority and Direction of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sub-ftitute of the County or Stewartry in which such Bridge shall be situated in manner hereinafter mentioned; nor shall any Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars be suffered to approach within One thousand Yards of the fame, unless such Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, shall be fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, or, being fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, unless there shall be a Person to manage and conduct the fame; nor shall more than One Raft at the fame time be suffered to pass through any Arch, or between the Piers of any such Bridge begun to be erected or under Repair as aforesaid: And if any Owner or Owners of any Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, shall suffer the fame to pass through any Arch, or be-tween the Piers of any Bridge begun to be erected in Scotland, or when so under Repair, or to approach within One thousand Yards of the fame, unless such Timber, Trees, Logs ,Deals or Spars, shall be fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, or, being fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, unless there shall be a Person to manage and con-dud the fame ; or shall suffer more than One Raft to pass through any Arch, or between the Piers, of any such Bridge, at the fame time; every such Owner or Owners, besides being liable for any Damage to be occasioned by any such Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or such Raft or Rafts, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence ; to be recovered to the Ufe of the Person or Perlons suing for the fame before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftiees of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside : Provided always, that previous Notice pursuant to an Order to that Effed, to be made by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the County or Stewartry in which fuph Bridge or any Part thereof shall be situated f which Order the said Sheriff or Stewart is hereby re.

3uired to maJke upon the Application of any Person or Persons un-ertaking to build or repair such Bridge), shall have been given by

12	Adver-

Advertifement in some Newfpaper of the County or Stewartry in which such Bridge (hail be situated, and if no Newfpaper shall be printed in such County or Stewartiy then in some Newlpaper printed in the neared adjoining County or Stewartry, and also by a Written or Printed Paper affixed upon the Door of each Parifh Church of every Parifh through which the River shall pass, situated above such Bridge, specifying the time during which the Eredtion or Repair of such Bridge will require a Timber Frame or Centering as aforesaid, during which time no Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars shall be floated through any Arch or between the Piers of such Bridge, or be suffered to approach within One thousand Yards of the fame, unlefa such Timber, Trees, Logs or Spars shall be fattened together as a Raft, and unless there shall be a rerfon to manage and conduct the Dune as aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That if any Timber, Trees, Logs, Trees may ha Deals or Spars shall be found floating at or retting on the Water dsuinsd until againtt any Bridge begun to be erected over any River in Scotland\ or

when so under Repair, or within One thousand Yards of the fame, unless such Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars (hail be joined together in a Raft or Rafts, or, being joined together in a Raft or Rafts, unless there shall be a Person or Persons therewith to manage and conduct the fame ; or if more than One Raft shall be suffered to pass through any Arch, or between the Piers, of any such Bridge at the fame time, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons concerned or employed in the building or repairing of such Bridge*. or any Person or Persons under their Diredf ion, to seize and detain such Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or such Raft or Rafts, in the cases aforesaid, until the said Penalty shall be paid ; for which Purpofe an Application shall forthwith be made to some One of His Majefty’s Juilices of the Peace for the County or Stewartry where such Detention shall take place, who shall thereupon diredf such Timber, Trees. Logs, Deals or Spars, to be restored to the Owner or Owners thereof within Fourteen Days, unless such Juftice shall deem the said Penalty to have been incurred; and if such Penalty shall not be paid within the Space of Fourteen Days after such Detention, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to any Juftice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where such Detention shall take place, who shall issue his Warrant to appraife and fell such Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or such Raft or Rafts so seized and detained in the cases aforesaid, by public Au&ion at the Place where such Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or such Raft or Rafts, in the cases aforesaid, shall have been detained, rendering the Overplus of the Price, if any, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducting the said Penalty and the reasonable Charges attending such Detention and Diftrefs and Sale.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Hindering the hinder* obttrud or prevent any Person or Persons from seizing or de- Pswntion. taining any such Timber, Trees* Logs, Deals or Spare, or any fuch

Raft or Rafts, in the cases aforesaid, every such Person or Persons upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling to the Ufe of the Person or Persons suing Penalty, for the fame; to be recovered by a summary Application to any Juftice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall ,be or reside, and to $3 Geo. III.	I	<	be

Imprifonment.

Damages how recovered.

Double Colts.

be levied by Piftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Effefts, br Warrant under the Hand of any such Juftice; and if sufficient Diftrefi cannot be found, and the said Penalty shall sot be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Juftice to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months* unless the said Penalty with reafon-able Charges shall be sooner paid.

IV.	And be it eoacted, That where any Damage whatever shall he occasioned to any Bridge whatever in Scotland by the floating or retting of Timber as aforesaid, it shall aod may be lawful for the Procurator Fifcal for the County or Stcwaitry wherein such Bridge shall he (ituated, to sue for and recover the Amount of such Damage, by all lawful ways and means whatsoever, to the Ufe of the Person or Persons by whom such Damage shall have been flittered, or for the Purpofe of replacing the Amount of the'Sum or Sums of Money expended in repairing such Damage; a*d in every case where Damages shall be recovered, there shall be awarded to such Procurator Fircil Double CofU of Suit or Expences of Procefe.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Five millions six hundred and seventy thousand and seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. [ioth July 1SX3.J " TREASURY empowered to raise 5,670,700b by Excbeqaer u Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. i.—§ 1, 2. Treahrj “ to apply the Money raised. J 3. Principal of (aid Bills charged “ on first Supplies of next Semon. f 4. Intereft thereon of 3Jdper M Cent. per Diem. § 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer '< after Aprils 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to adwnce " 5,670*7001 on Credit of Aft not with ftandiog 5 & 6 W 3c M. u c. 20, —- § 7.

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft for railing the Sum of One Million by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.	[ioth	July 1813.]

il TREASURY empowered to raise i,ooo,oool. by Exchequer u Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. —f 1, 2. Treasury to “ upply the Money raised. § 3. Principal of said Bills charged on fiffl “ Supplies of next Seflion. § 4. Intereft thereon of 3$d. per Cent i€ per Diem. j 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer after “ Aprils 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to advance << i,oop,oool. on Credit of Aft, notwithstanding 5 St 6 W. & M. c.*o. — #7.

AJD. 1813.

33° GEO. Hi

483

CAP. CXX.

An Aft to enable the Lords of the Treasury of Ireland to iflu* to the Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, a Sum equal to One per Centum on the Amount of Treasury Bills outstanding in every Year.	fioth	July	1813.]

•	TT J HE REAS it is expedient to make further Provifion fot

* W the Reduftion of the National Debt of Ireland, in Pronor*

*	tion to the Amount of Treasury Bills outstanding and unpaid on

•	the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,

4 and on the Fifth Day of January in every succeeding Year ;5 Be it therefore ennfted by the King’s Moft Exeellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord# Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament affemhled, and by the Au*

thority of the fame. That at the End of every Quarter of a Year a Sum equal to ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September* theTweuty fifth Day One per Cent, of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty fourth Amount of Day of June* tfter the passing of this Aft, there shall be ifTued to Tr the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, at the Receipt	R^duc-

of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, out of the Confolidated {ion of National Fund of Ireland, over and above all such Sum and Sums of Money Debt of Ireland: as by any Aft or Afts made before he passing of this Aft have been 57 G- 3» (L) „ directed to be issued and placed to the Account of the Commiflioners c‘a7* for the Reduftion of the National Debt of Ireland, under an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thiity fieventh Year of His present Majefty’a Reign, intituled An A El for ve/ling a certain Fuad in Comm'ijfoners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Redu3ion of the National Debt, and to dircQ the Application of additional Funds in case of Future Loans to the like Pur* post, an additional Sum of Money to be placed by the said Governor ajnd Company of the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the said Commiflioners for Reduftion of the National Debt, the Anoual Amount whereof shall be equal to One hundredth Part of the Amount of such Treasury Bills as shall be outstanding and unpaid or. the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and on the Fifth Day of January in every succeeding Year; and such additional Sum shall be placed in the Name of the said Com* nouflioners to the Account of this Aft, as if the fame had been issued on Account of a separate new Loan, and shall be applied by the foid Commiflioners in the Redu6tion of the said National Debt of Ireland> in such and the like manner as is directed by the said recited Aft of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, with respect to any Sum pjr Sums to be placed in their Names under and by virtue of the said recited Aft to the Account of any new Loan.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That, after the pafling of this Aft, Quarters and before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight Amouatof such hundred and thirteen, there shall be ifTued and paid to the Governor $uro applied be* and Company of the Bank of Ireland, at the Receipt of the said fore Sept. 29, Exchequer of Ireland, out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to 1813* be by the said Governor and Company placed to the Account of the said Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt of Ireland, fcch Sum of Money M shall be equal to Two Quarters of the Annual Amount afbrefcid, upon such Treasury Bills as were :out-

Ii a

(landing

C. 120, 121.

Appointment of Commissioners.

3.e.lxilr.

53* GEO. III. ♦	A.D.1813.

ftanding and unpaid on the (aid Fifth Day of January One thoufaod eight hundred and thirteen, and such Sum shall be applied by the (aid Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in like manurr as is hereinbefore directed with respect to any other Sum to be placed to their Account under and by virtue of this Ad.

CAP. CXXI.

An AGt for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parifh of Saint Mary le boney to Charing Croft within the Liberty of Wejlnunjler ; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame.	[10th July 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS it would be of great Accommodation to the 4 W Public, and be the means of opening a more easy and ready 4 Communication from Mary le bone Park and from the Northern Parts 4 of the Metropolis, in the Pari/h of Saint Mary le boney to Cbarif 4 Croft within the Liberty of IVeJlminster, if a new Street were opened 4 and made from a certain Spot in Pall Mall at or near Scant Al-4 ban's Street, to the South End of Mary le bone Park, in the dud 4 Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, to run at right Angles with Pell 4 Mall into Piccadilly, and from thence in a Northerly Direction to

*	the South End of Mary le bone Park aforesaid ; and if Pronfioss € were made for widening the Eafl End of Pall Mall9 and for coo-

*	tinuing the fame Eaftward by a new Street into Saint Marta's 4 Lane terminating at the Portico of Saint Martin't Church ; and ‘ for widening Cockfpur Street from the South End of the Haymarktt

*	to Charing Croft ; and for forming an open Square in the Kiafs 4 Mews opposite Charing Croft ; and for continuing Charles Stmt 4 Saint James's Square, from the East End thereof, into the Haynm•

*	bet; and also for diverting, altering, widening and improving such 4 Parts of the present Streets as will form Entrances into such new 4 Streets, or into the Streets, Squares and Places connected there-

*	with 5 all which several Streets and Places, so to be made, altered, 4 diverted or improved, are or will be situate in the several Panfhei

*	of Saint James 1Veflminfter9 Saint Martin's in the Fields, Saint 4 Mary le bone and Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of 4 Miadlefex : But as such Improvements cannot be effected without

*	the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore pleafr Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Commissioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for earring the Purpofes of this Ad into Execution; and all Ads, Matters and Things, authorized or necessary to be dooe and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this A ft, may be done ana executed by any Two of them, and the fame shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame force and efied u if such Ads, Matters and Things, had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

4 II. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Thirty ninth Year of

*	the Reignof His present Majessy, intituled An AS for mating a

4 turn

v^ooQie

C.I2I.

4*5

A.D. 1813.	*	53#GEO.	UL

4 new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James’s

*	Square within the City and Liberty of West min fler, certain Powers 4 and Authorities were given to Wilitam Taylort his Heirs and Afsigns,

*	for making a new Street from the Haymarket in the City of West*

4 minjlert into Charles Street and Saint James's Square, commencing

*	on the North Side of such new intended Street, at a certain Public

*	Houfe known by the Name of the Sign of The Rofe and Crown,

4 in the said Street called The Haymarket, then in the Occupation of 4 Richard Pember, to be carried in as direct a Linens conveniently 4 might be to the said Street called Charles Street Saint James's 4 Square, to a House or Tenement in a certain Street called Market 4 Lane, then in the Occupation of William Blit on t and of the Breadth 4 of Fifty five Feet, for the Purpofe of making an easy and coramo-

*	diou8 Accefs to the Theatre called The Kind's Theatre: And

*	whereas all the Powers and Authorities which were given to or

*	vetted in the laid William Taylor by the said Ad have devolved

*	upon aud are now become vetted in the Lords Commifiioners

*	of His Majefty’s Treasury, by v$ue of a Provifo contained in the 4 said A d : And whereas certain of the Streets, Squares and Places

*	to be made, altered and improved by virtue of this Ad, are to be

*	fet out on the Scite of the several Premifes so described in the said 4 recited Ad, or on some Part or Parts thereofBe it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- JvJJ miffioner8 for executing this Ad, to carry the several Purpofes of miffioncrs iftinj this Ad into Execution in such and the like manner in all respects under AA.

as if the several Powers, Authorities and Provifions in respect to the said several Premifes so described in the said recited Ad had been repealed.

4 III. And whereas a Map or Plan deferibing the Lines of

* the Streets, Squares, Circunes, Ways, Paffages and Places, aud

* the Land and Premifes through which the proposed Alterations 4 and Improvements are to be made or carried by virtue of this Ad,

4 together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names 4 of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lanas and Premises, have 4 been made for the Purpofe of being deposited at the Office of the

*	Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Re-

4 venues 5’ Be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Streets,&c made

Book of Reference, after the fame shall have been authenticated by according to

the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the Houle ^1’ V Pn2s*e"

of Commons, shall be deposited with, and shall remain in the Cuftody Commiffion-

of the said Commifiioners of His Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts and ers of Woods,

Land Revenues, and One Copy thereof signed by the Speaker of Forests, &c.

t he House of Commons, shall be deposited in the Parliament Office,

and One other Copy so signed shall be deposited with the Clerk of

the Peace of the County of Middlese:c, within Three Months

from the passing of this Ad, to the end that all Persons may at

all seasonable times have Liberty to infped and peruse the fame,

and to take Ext rads or Copies thereof at their Will and Pleasure,

paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Infpedion, and at

the Rate of Six pence for every One hundred Words of such Copies p**,.

or Extrads of the (aid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and

that the said Commifiioners for executing this Ad, in making the faid

Alterations and Improvements, shall not deviate between Piccadilly

and Oxford Street more than Twenty Yards, nor in any other Place

I i 3	more

4*6

C.iai

No Deviation unless with Confent.

Lands and Pre-mifes marked in Plan, used, not-withftanding Errors in Book of Reference,

Appointment «f Officers.

Security.

Proceedings entered in Books.

Commissioners ’ empowered to make Streets, «Vc. and to (lop up Ways,&c. wliilll lame are making.

$3* GEO. HL *	A*D.itf3.

more than Ten Yards, of Three Feet each/from the Line* deferred in the said Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation ia Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premifes such Deviation (haH be made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to make any such Deviation in any case in which any Agreement in relation to the Line of the said Street shall have been made by or on Behalf of the said Commif. fioners, with any Person or Persons interested in any Houfes or Premifes within tne Limits of the said Map or Plan, unless with the Confent in Writing of such Person or Persons.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it QaB be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, to make the said proposed Alterations and Improvements into, through, across or over the several Lands, Hereditaments or Preroiies of mlr Person or Persons who is or ere or may be Owner or Owners of the Land, or Premifes over which the fame is or are fet out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted or miftated in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the (aid County of Mid-dlefcKy and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omiflion proceeded from Miftake.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for' executing this Adi shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to appoint a Secretary, Clerk or Oerka, and atfs such Officers and other Persons as they shall deem necessary to employ in the Execution of this A&, and may from time to time remove such Secretary, Clerks, Officers and otner Persons, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead; and also shall and may, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this A&> allow to such Secretary, Clerks and other Officers, and such other Person and Persons as shall be assisting in or about the Execution of this A6t, such Salaries or Allowances as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and may take such Security from any Officer or other Person to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they the (aid Commissioners shall think fit.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners for executing this Adi shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that r urpofe 5 and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, and signed by the said Commissioners, shall be deemed to be Originals; and which said Book or Books shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

V.III. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the (aid Commissioners for executing this Adi, and they are hereby autbo* riaed and empowered, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treaforcr.or any Three or more of them, to cause the said Streets, Squares, Cir* cufTes, Ways, Pafiages and Places to be made, widened, altered, Hopped up, repaired, paved and improved, into, through, acroft or PW the several Lands and Prcmifei described i* fnch

vjOOQie

Cm.

4*7

A.D.1S13.	53b	GIO. IIL

Plan and Book of Reference^ and in conformity to the Line* de* feribed in such Map or Plan, and to such Deviation therefrom as herein mentioned; and for such Purposes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Ad, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, Officers or Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from time to time, to enter upon the Land* and Premiles through which or whereupon the (aid Streets, Squares,

Circusses, Ways, Paffages and Places, Alterations or Improvement! hereby authorized to be made, is or are intended to pass or be made, in such manner as the said Commissioners acting in tne Execution of this Ad shall think necefTary or proper, without being deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punifhment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands and Premises, for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned; and the said Commissioners acting hi the Execution of this Ad shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, during the making of the said Alterations or Improvements, to flop up all or any Part of the Carriage Ways of the said Streets and other Places, and for that Purpofe to put up sufficient Palifadoes, Bars, Pods or other Eredions, and to make such Orders regulating the PafTage of all Carts, Carriages and Horfes through the fame, as to them the said Commissioners*shall seem fit and proper\ and that the foie Power and Authority of paving, repairing, clean-sing, lighting and watching all the Streets, new Ways and Places which shall be made, or which shall be in any manner altered by virtue of this Ad, shall, when the fame shall be so made or altered, be veiled in, and such Streets, Ways or Pafsages, for all the Purpofes of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the fame,

shall be, remain and continue under the Care, Management and Controul and Jurifdidion of the fame Commissioners, Troftees or other Persons, as the Streets, Ways or Places, in lieu of which such new Streets, Ways or Places shall be made or altered respectively, now are or would have been if this present Ad had not been passed.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Street, Stopping up of not designed by this Plan to be ultimately (lopped up, shall be at any Street*, time wholly Hopped up, but that sufficient Room shall be at all times '

left for the free Paffage of Carts, Carriages, Cattle and Foot Paffengers.

X.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore- Opening* into said, That among other Openings into the said intended New Street new Street there shall be a public Carriage Way of at lead Forty Feet wide,

opening into the fame, from the lower Part or Mary le bone Street, nearly opposite to Sberrard Street, and an open Court or Footway on the Ground Floor, of at lead Ten Feet wide each, communicating from the circular Part of the fame Street to Vine Street, and which Court may be covered by Buildings to the Depth .of Twenty Feet from the Front thereof; and that such Carriage Way, Open Court or Footway* shall for ever after, remain and continue open for the Ufe of the Public 5 any thing hereinbefore or in the said Map or Plan contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Private Mowfe* shall extend or be condrued to extend to authorize the said Com*- IStable miffioners in any manner to Hop up the present Carriage Entrance stoa *dn°^t0 “

1 i 4	into	pp^	^

488

C. 12 r<

Air Street not flopped up.

Encroachments upon King Street Chapel

Commissioners empowered to purchase Lands and Buildings, Icc.

Time for pur-chafing Houfesi Ice. limited.

5 GEO. HI.	A.D.	1*13.

into a certain Mews or Yard on the West Side of Swallow Street running to the Backs of the Houfes on the North Side of New Burlington Street, called Old Burlington Mews or Crown Yard. or a certain other Mews or Yard in the fame Street running to tt\e Back* of Houfes on the South Side of New Burlington Street aforesaid, called New Burlington Mewt, otherwise Pavion Arms Yard g but the said several Carriage Entrances and Avenues shall be allowed to remain, in all respects whatsoever, as convenient to the Owners, Leafeholders and Occupiers of the fame as they now are.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein or in the said Plan or Book of Reference contained, shall extend or be construed in any manner to extend to authorize the said Commiflioners to (lop up Air Street at either End.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad to pull down, take or use for the Purpofes of this Ad, any Part of the Chapel (ituate in King Street, near Golden Square in the said Parifh of Saint James, or the Veftry Room, Scluxn Room, or paved Paflage leading out of Chapel Court thereto, on the West Front thereof; but that the fame and every Part thereof shall remain for the Purpofes to which they are now applied ; and also, that a Piece of Ground shall be left 00 the North Side of the said School Room Seven Feet broad, for the Purpofe of a Yard to the fame, the said Piece of Ground so left to be of the fame Length from East to West as the School Room now is ; and that the said Commiflioners shall make good all Damage whatsoever that shall or may be done to the said Chapel, Veftry Room, and other the Eredions and Buildings belonging to the said Chapel; and that no Houfes or other Eredions or Buildings shall be erected and built adjacent to the said Chapel, which shall in any manner obstruct or darken any of the ancient Lights thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpofe of making, widening, improving and rendering more commodious the said Streets, Squares, Circusses, Ways, Paflages and Places, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners acting in the Execution of this Ad, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when they shall deem it necef-fary, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the said Lord High Treasurer or of the said Commiflioners for executing the faid’Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to treat and agree for the Purchafe of any of the Houses, Buildings, Eredions, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments dc-feribed or comprised in the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, or in such Deviation as hereinbefore mentioned, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Eftates and Interefts therein, which the said Com-miffioner8 for executing this Ad may, by and with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, deem necessary or expedient to be purchased for the Purpofes of this Ad ; Provided always, that the laid Commiflioners (hail not be compelled to purchase the whole of the Space coloured on the said Plan, as being within the Powers of Purchafe limited by this Ad.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, within the Space of Three Years from the palling of this Ad, to cause Notices in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Twp of them for the time being, to be

given

'N

C^

given to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees or any other Person or Persons interested in all such of the Houses, Buildings, Ere&ions, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments de* feribed or coniprifed in the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, or in the Deviation hereinbefore mentioned, as shall be wanted or required for the Purpofes of this A&, of their Intention to purchase the fame, and all subsisting Leases, Terms, Eftates and Interefts therein ; and the said Commimoners shall and they are hereby required, within the Space of Four Years from the Expiration of the time so allowed for giving such Notices, to purchase or cause to be valued, as hereinafter mentioned, all and every such Houses, Buildings, Ere&ions, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned or described in such Notices respectively, and pay the Confideration Money, or Money awarded for the lame respectively, in manner directed by this A&.

XVII And be it further enacted, That no Occupier of any House, Building, Tenement or Ground, shall be liable to be removed from the Pofleflion thereof, by virtue of this Ad, or any thing herein contained, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Commiflioners for executing this Act, or some Person by them for that Purpofe authorised, unto such Occupier, or left at or upon the said Premises, that such House, Building, Tenement or Ground will be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad; provided nevertheless, that the Want of such Notice shall not delay or retard the Execution of this Act in any relped, save only as to the taking or obtaining the actual Pofleflion of any such House, Building or Land, and the Removal of the Occupiers or Inhabitants thereof from or out of the fame.

* XVII. And whereas it would be a further Accommodation to

*	the Public, and a confiderable Improvement, if the lower Part of

*	Swallow Street were widened, and if a new Street were formed, ex-

*	tending from the said intended new Street into Great Marlborough

*	Street ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, when and so soon as they shall think it expedient so to do, to alter, widen and improve the said Street called Swallow Street, from Piccadilly to Leicester Street, and to form a new Street from the said intended new Street to Great Marlborough Street; and for those Pur-pofes the said Commiflioners are hereby invested with all and every the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, as are given and granted to them by this Ad for diverting, widening, altering and improving other Streets and Places ; any thing hereinbefore or in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or bd construed in any manner to extend to authorise the said Commiflioners to take or u(e all or any Part of the Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fltuate in George Court, adjacent to Swallow Street aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enatied, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed in any manner to authorize the said Commiflioners, or any Person or Perions by their Order, to take or use all or any Part of the Garden of Sarah Markham, Widow, (ituate at the Corner of Mortimer Street and Edward Street,

during

Occupiers not removed without Six Months Notice.

Coram i (Boners &c. empowered to alter, Swallow Street from Piccadilly to Leicelter Street.

Provifofor George Court, Swallow Street*

Provtfo for Mrs. Markham's Gardes during her Life.

v^,

49<»

Provifo for West End of Jermyn Street.

Bodies Politic empowered to treat for Sale end Exchange.

C. 121%	53°GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

during the Life of the said Sarah Markham, without her Confentin Writing previously obtained.

• XIX. And whereas it would be a confiderable Improvement if 1 Jermyn Street t in the Parifh of Saint James Weftminjtery should be « widened at the West End thereof, which, from its present narrow € and confined State is extremely inconvenient and dangerous to Pif-€ fengers, and an Improvement of the said Street at the East End

*	thereof is designated by the Plan herein referred to : And whereas

*	it would be a confiderable Improvement if the PafTage leading from

*	King Street to Saint James's Street, known by the Name of Little

*	Kinv Street, should also be widened $* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflionera, and they ait hereby expressly authorized, when and so soon as they shall find it expedient, to alter, widen and improve the said Streets at the West End thereof, and for that Purpofe they are hereby inverted with all and every the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Pur-poses, as are given and granted to them by this A61, for diverting, widening, altering and improving other Streets and Places.

XX. And be it further enaftea, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or for Years,ror in Tail, Hufbands, Guardians, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors and Adminiftrators, and all other Trustees or Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ctjluique Trulls, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, or Lunatics, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or possessed or interested in their own Right, and for every other Person or Persons whomfoerer, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Ereftions, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, to contraft and agree for the Sale or Exchange of the feme and every Part thereof 5 and all such Contrafts and Agreements (hill be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfo-ever; any Law, Statute, Ufageor Cuftom to the contrarynotwitb-(landing; and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, so contracting and agreeing as aforesaid, are hereby in-demnified for or in respect of any such Contraft or Agreement which he, (he or they, or any of them, shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this A6t; and all such Contrafts or Agreements for such Sales and Exchanges shall be made at the Cofts and Expence of the said Commiflioners for executing this A6t; and aD such Houses, Ere6tions, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so agreed to he purchased or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, when so purchased or exchanged, or agreed to oe purchased or exchanged, and upon Tender or Payment, in manner hereinafter di-rested, of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be paid for the fame, be vested in His Majessy, hia Heirs and Succeffors, who shall thenceforth be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seifin and Poffeffion thereof to all Intents and Purpofe* whatsoever, freed and difeha/ged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever; and the fame shall be employed and made use of for the Puipofes of this Aft, according to the Direftions of the Commiflioners for executing this Aft, and under the Regulations fas this Aft mentioned and contained*

XXL PrO-

C. 121

AiDi 1813.

53° GEO. IH.

49*

XXI.	Provided always and be it enacted, That it shall and may Comraiffionar* be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, from mj7 co"tra^ for time to time, to direct or contract for the taking down any Houfes H0„f|s <yj_ or Buildings to be purchased or made use of for the Purpofes of this jng Materials. Ad; and all such Materials, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof, shall be and are hereby veiled in the said Cotnmiflioners for executing this Ad 5 and all such Money (after paying and dedud-ing the necessary Expences of pulling down such Houles and Buildings, and of the Sale of the Materials thereof) shall and may be applied and disposed of, under the Diredion of the said Commissioners, for any of the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXII* And be it further enacted. That if any Owners, Proprie- How Damages tors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Eccfefiafti- assessed in case cal or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Femes Co- ^e^a8ree* vert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any Houses, men *' Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners for executing this Ad are hereby empowered to pur-chase, take and use for the Purpofes of this Ad, shall neglect or gefufe to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Abfence or Difability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, or with the Person or Persons authorised by them for the Sale and Difpofal of their respective Eftates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes they may be in the Pofleffion of, or to the Interell they shall claim therein, to the Satisfadion of the said Commifffioners, or of the Person or Persons authorized by them, then and in every or any such case the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Wejlminfter9 or his Deputy, as the case may be; or in case such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, or his Deputy, shall be any ways interested in the Matter in Queftion, then feme One of the Coroners of the said County, not interested therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissioners for executing this Ad in manner hereinafter mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and ascertained upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve Jury, indifferent Men of the said County of Middlesex or City of Wcjl-mtnjler (which Oaths the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by and what Recom-pence and Satisfadion shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested, for the Value of such Houfes*

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the propoiv tionable Value of the respective Eftates and Interefts of every Person or Persons seized or poffefTed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof; and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties refpec-tively, for the Purchafe of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective Eftates and Interefts therein, and also for Good-will, Improvements, or any Injury or

or Tenant from Yew to Year, provided such Good-will shall be efti- Good-will how mated by what, in the Opinion of fooh Jury, the feme would have efthnate4*

been

d by 

492	C.I2I.	53°GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

WitnefTet

•xaroining.

Sheriff, &c. to order Sum af-feffed by Jury to be paid.

Warrant for summoning, &c. Jury.

Notice of time and Place of Jury returned.

been worth in case the Improvements intended by this A€t had not been in Contemplation ; and also for or on account of the taking of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purpofes or under and by virtue of the Authority of this A€t; and in order thereto the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required, from time to time as Occafion shall require, to summon ana call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Per-fons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as Witnefs or Witneffes touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer); and fucn Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner refpedfcively, shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question if there be Occafion, and use all other lawful ways and means, as well for his and their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained and fettled such Damage, Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Commissioners for executing this A6t, to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interefied therein, according to such Verdi£t or Inquifitiou of the said Jury; which said Verdi& or Inquifition and Order, so had and made, shall be final, binding and conelusive, to all Intents and Purposes, upon and againff all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecdefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Parties and Persons whomsoever; ana for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners for executing this A& are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner, to summon, impannel and return, at some convenient Place in the said County of Middlefett or City of 1VeJlminfter> as the case may be, a Jury of not less than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of Iffues in His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJJminster, to appear before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and Fourteen Days Notice at the leafs in Writing, under the Hands of the said Commissioners for executing this A&, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the Time and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned, shall be given to fuch- Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Truilees, or any other Person or Persons interested in the Premises, Wore the time of the Meeting of the said Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Coiporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premiles respectively intended to be valued; and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner is and are hereby empowered to impannel, summon and return such Number accordingly ; and out of the Persons so iippannelied, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner

(hall

C.I2I.

493

A.D.i8i3-

53° GEO. III.

shall swear or cause to be fwom Twelve, who shall be the Jury for lory, or de Cir. the Purpofes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of cumftantibus. Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner shall return other honelt and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as lad aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve ; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counfel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner respectively ; and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges againff any of the said Jurymen when they come to be fwom, but shall not challenge the Array.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Jury to be summoned Particular* cf by virtue of this Ad shall be allowed to affefa or award any Sum or Compenfation Sums of Money to any Person or Persons by way of Compenfation, claimed for Lofa for Good-will or Improvements, alleged to have been loft, or any In- JveretTt^C r jury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by him or them by mifliouer*. reason or means of this Ad, or any thing which shall or may be

done in the Execution hereof, unless Notice in Writing, stating the Particulars of every such Claim, and how and in what manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall have been given by or on behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Commissioners for executing this A6t, or to their Secretary, within Three Calendar Months next after such supposed Lofs shall have been incurred, or such supposed Damage or Injury shall have been occaiioned or fuf-taioed, and Ten Days at least before the time of the Meeting of such Jury.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff not rt-Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner, so directed to summon and turning, mum a Jury as aforesaid, shall make Default in the Premises, he

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Ten Pounds ; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to Jury not appear-he (worn or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully ing, ftc. neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad; or if any Person so summoned as a Witnefs shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonable Excufe to be allowed by the Justices hereinafter mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit aod pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which several and Penalty, respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of H	*s Justices of

the Peace for the County of MiddUfcx or	TeRminJler,	by

Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending; rendering to him or her the Overplus, after such Penalty, and the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, shall be deduded.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any July, to be Expencesof summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Ad, shall Junes how paid, give in a Verdid or Affeffment for more Money, as a Recompence,

Compenfation or Satisfadion for the Right, Intereft or Property of

Compenlauon or Satisfadion for the Right, Interelt or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any such Good-will, Improvements,

menu or Hereditaments, or for any such Good-will, Improvements, Injury or Damage as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be giveu and offered for the fame by the said Commissioners for execut-

Injury or Damage as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be giveu and offered for the fame by the said Commissioners for execut-

ion or Persons in any such Houles, Buildings,

ing

Goo<

C. I2X.

494

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

ing this A&, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, thro and in every such case all the reasonable Cofts, Charges and Ex-pences of causing and procuring such Recompence, Compenfation or Satisfaction, to be assessed by a Jury, shall be fettled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said CommiiEou-ers out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of this A A; but if any Jury so summoned and fwora as aforesaid, shall give in a Verdkl or Affeffment for no more or for less Money, as such Recompence, Compenfation and Satisfa&ion as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Coratniftioners for the fame, before the sum* moning and returning of the said Jury ; or iu case no Damages shall be given by the Verdist, where the Difpute is for Damages only, or where the cauOng and procuring such Jury to be summoned (haU have arisen from a Refufal to treat or agree with the said CommiOioo* er9 for executing this A&, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perlon or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provifions of this Act, or otherwise, legally empowered to treat; then all such Cofts, Charges and Expences (to be fettled by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Jdigh Bailiss, Deputy or Coroner, in manner aforesaid) shall be paid to the Commiftioners for executing this A6t, by the (aid Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compcufation, or refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively ; save only and except where, by reason of Abfence or other like Cause, any Person shall have been prevented from treating or agreeing a* aforesaid, in which case no Cofts, Charges or Expences shall be allowed to either Party as againll the other ; and all Cofts, Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the said Commifiioaers for executing this A61, shall aud may be deduced and retained by them out of the Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid by them, as so much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of the Person and Persons entitled to such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or affbffed ; or in case no Money, or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded to be paid by the said Commiftioners, whereout such Cofts, Charges and Expences can be dedu&ed, then the fame shall and may be recovered by such ways and means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, by tbi* A& imposed or authorized to be imposed.

Verdi As rt-	XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments

•orded.	and	Verdi&8 shall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His

Majefty’s Land Revenue; and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; and all such Judgments and Verdifts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Middlefcx> to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the Quarter Sefiions of the said County, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Pur-poles whatsoever; and the fame or true Copies thereof (haU be allowed Copies Evidence. ^ Evidence in all Courts whatsoever ; and all Persons (halt have Liberty to infped the fame, paying for such Infpedtioo the Sum of Qne Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every

Copy

495

AJD.1813.	S30	GEO. HI.	C.111.

Copy the Sum of Six pence for every One hundred Words, and lb in Proportion for any left Number of Words.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if in any case the Owner or Owners of any House or Building, or of any Yard or Curtilage occupied therewith, Part only of which Premifes shall at any time be required by the laid Commissioners for executing this Ad, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad, shall be unwilling to fell or dif-pofe of such Part only of such House, Building, Yard or Curtilage, as shall be required by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners executing this Ad, and they are hereby required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners of any such House, Building, Yard or Curtilage, to purchase of and from the (aid Owner or Owners the Whole or such Part thereof as such Owner or Owners shall think fit, and to apply so much and such Part thereof as they the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, with such Content and Approbation as aforesaid, shall fee fit for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and tnat if such Owner or Owners shall not or cannot agree with the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the whole of such House, Building, Yard or Curtilage, then the Value thereof shall be fettled and ascertained by a Jury, in such manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Ad is directed to be fettled and ascertained by* this Ad ; and all such other Proceedings shall take place refpedmg the said Premites, as are hereinbefore mentioned and directed with reaped to the Premises, the Value of which shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner aforesaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, immediately abutting upon or adjoining to any of the Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments which fhaU be purchased, taken or used bv virtue of this Ad, shall be damaged or injured in the Execution of this Ad, or in case any Houses, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments so nearly adjacent to the fame, as to be directly and immediately afieded in their Lights or other substantial Eatements, shall be thereby damaged, injured or lefiened in Value, then and in such case the Owners, Leafeholdere or Occupiers, or other Perfbns interested in the Houtes, Buildings, Tenements and Premifes which shall be so damaged, injured or lefiened in Value, shall be entitled to claim from the (aid Commissioners a fair and reasonable Compensation for any such Injury, Loft or Damage ; and in case of Difagreement between them as to the Amount of such Compenfation, or any Apportionment thereof, the fame shall be enquired into, ascertained and fettled by a Jury, in the fame manner ana under and subject to the fame Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, as are by this Ad prescribed in re-

Srd to the Value of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or ereditaments, to be purchased, taken or uted by the said Comrnif* fboers for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Owners, Leafehold-ers. Proprietors, Occupiers or any other Person or Persons whom, soever, interested in any Mews, Stable Yard, Coach Houtes, Stables, Tenements or Hereditaments, immediately abutting upon, and adjoining or adjacent to the said intended Streets, which the said Com-nnffionerg may find it necessary to stop up by virtue of this Ad, except the Mewtet and Yards hereinbefore particularly mentioned, and 9f	which,

Commissioners may purchase the whole of Premifes from Owners unwilling to fell Part.

Compenfation for Damages ta Houfes abutting upon Buildings to be taken down.

Compenfation for Suble-yards, Mews Hopped up, and Power for Commissioners to purchase in certain cases.

C.I2I.

53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813#

which, by their building again (I and obstructing, may be deteriorated and lefTened in Value, inasmuch as the Entrance or Entrances com-municating with the present Streets or Thoroughfares may be blocked up or obstructed, shall and may have full Right to claim from thefaid Commissioners the Amount of all fair and realonable Corapenfations for any Injury, Lofs or Damage sustained or incurred by him, her or them, either on account of the Obftru&ions or (lopping up the present Entrances ; and in case of Difagreement as to the Amount of such Com-penfation, the fame shall be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury, in the fame way and under and tubjedf to the fame Powers and Authorities, as are by this Ad prescribed in regard to Houses, Building*, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased, taken and ufedby Provifo.	the faici Commissioners for the Purpofes of the fame : Provided nerrr-

theiefs, that the said Commissioners shall, instead of tnaking such Compenfations as aforesaid, except in the cases of Old Burlington Mews or Crown Yard, and New Burlington Mews or Pavion Arm Yard, have the Option of purchasing such Mewfes, Stable Yards, Coach Houses, Stables and Premifes ; and all the fame Powers and Authorities shall apply thereto as are herein contained, in regard to other Purchafes under this Ad.

* XXX. And whereas such of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Te-‘ nements and Hereditaments as are situated on the East Side of Saint

*	Alban*s Street, betweeu Charles Street and Market Row South, will

*	be deteriorated and lefTened in Value by the said Street being nar-' rowed, and it is just and reasonable that the Owners, Leaseholders, ‘ Occupiers, or other Persons interested in such Houfes and Buildings

* respectively, should be compensated for any Damage they may fuf-Compenfation to t stain by reason thereof; * fee it therefore enacted. That a fair and edh^HoufM^n" rea^ona^*e Recompence and Satisfadion shall be made by the fakl Saint Alban’a	Commiffioners for executing this Ad, out of the Monies to be raifed

Street.	by virtue hereof, to the Owners, Leafeholders, Occupiers or other

Persons interested in such of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments on the East Side of Saint Alban*s Street between Charles Street and Market Row South, for any Injury or * Damage they may respectively sustain by means of the said Street being so narrowed as aforesaid; wnich Damage shall be apportioned between such Owners, Leafeholders, Occupiers and Persons interested, according to their respective Edates and Interefts therein ; and in case of any Difagreement touching the Amount of such Compenfation, or the Apportionment thereof, the fame shall be enquired into, ascertained and fettled by a Jury, in the fame manner and under and fnb-jed to the fame Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, as any Injury or Damage affecting any Owner, Leaseholder, or Tenant of any other Houses, Buildings or Grounds are by this Ad directed Provifo.	to be fettled, valued and ascertained : Provided always, that in lien

and stead of making such Compenfation or Satisfadion as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Ad, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, to purchase and buy all or any of such Houses, Buildings and Ground, and all subsisting Leases, Terms, Eftates and Interefts therein, in respect of which any Com-penfation may be demanded, in such and the like manner and by and with such and the like Confent and Approbation, and shall cause the Value thereof to be afeertaiped and fettled, and the Pnrchafe Money

tt

^.ooQie

C. 121.

497

A.D; 1813.	530 GEO. ID.

to be paid and applied by the like mles and means, and all Powers and Authorities hereby given shall extend and be applicable thereto, in like manner as if the said Houses, Buildings, Ground and Hereditaments were described or comprized in the laid Map or Plan and Book of Reference, and were necessary or requiiite to be pulled down, taken or used for making or forming the said intended New Street.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money or other Confideration, Recompence or Satisfa&ion to be paid or made pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdi& as aforesaid, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or into the Bank of England as herein mentioned, before the said Commissioners, or arPerfon or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to take Poflefiion or pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings comprized in or affected by such Agreement or Verdi& respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Purpofes of this A&.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for, awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, or on depositing tne fame in the Bank of England in the manner directed by this A& (in case the fame shall be requiiite), all Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons or Corporations interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall, from thenceforth be divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft and Property of, in, to or out of the lame $ and such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall from thenceforth vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seifm and Poflefiion thereof to all Intents and Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands, and shall and may be pulled down, made use of and employed for the Purpofes of this A&, according to the Dire&ions of the (aid Commissioners for executing this A&, and under the Regulations in this A& mentioned and contained.

. XXXIII. And.be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, in Poflefiion of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased in order to be made use of by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Act, shall, upon receiving Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners for executing this A&, or their Agent duly authorized, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, or lo soon after as he, (he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Poflefiion of the said rremifes to the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Poflefiion thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall refuse to give up such Pofleflion as aforesaid, then it (nail and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Middleftx, or to the High Bailiff of the City or Liberty of Wejlminjlcr (as the case may be), to deliver Pofleflion of the Premifes to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the 53 Gio. III.	K	k	faid

Money paid before any Ufe is made of Prt-mifes.

Power to enter and take Poflef-fion of Houses, Sec. on Payment or Tender of Purchafe Money.

Pofleflion delivered up*

C. iar.

498

Com million ers empowered to fell, exchange or lease Pre-tnifesnot wanted for Purpofej of

Aa.

Application of Purchafe Money exceeding sooLwhen payable to Corporation*, *c#

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

(aid Sheriff or High Bailiff is hereby required to deliver such Poffefiion accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy fuck Cofb aa shall accrue from the issuing of such Precept or Precepts 00 the Person or Persons so refuting to give up such Pofleffion as afotefhid, by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further eroded, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the laid Lord High Treasurer, or of the said Comariffionert for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, absolutely to fell and dispose of all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in the Lines of the said Streets and Places refpedivcly to be erected and bulk, altered, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of this Aft, or which shall be so purchased or acquired as aforesaid, and shall not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Act; and also to convey in exchange, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, aO or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, tituate within any or either of the rarifhes through which the laid Streets and Places respectively to be erected and built, altered, flopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of this Att, extend, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and also to demise or lease, or previous to any such Demife or Leafe to enter into any Contrad or Agreement for the demiting or leasing, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased, erected, built, altered, repaired and improved, under or by virtue of this Ad, for any Term or Terms of Years, not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and Reftridions, and in such manner as the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad shall from time to time, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper and think moil advantageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for the granting such Leases, and to apply all such Fines to the Purpofes of this Ad; and all Conveyances, Exchanges and Leafes which shall be made by the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad, of any of the said Houses, Buildings, Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments, may be made according to the Forms fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, or as near thereto aa the circumilances of the case will admit; and all such Conveyances, Exchanges and Leafes shall be good, valid and effectual; any Pro* visions, Reftridions or Claufes contained in any Ad or Ads of Fart liameot relating to His Majefly’s Land Revenues, or to any Property under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty** Woods* Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Pfadice, Cuftom or Ufnge to the contrary thereof in any wife not with Handing.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That u any Money shall bo agreed or assessed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Intereft of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by

virtue

C.J2I

499

AJD.1813*

53° GEO. in.

virtue of this Ad, fen* the Purpofes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or other Person or Persons under any Difability or Incapacity, or ntot legally entitled absolutely to dispose of the Premifes by the Sale of which such Money (nail be produced, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancety, to be placed to his Account ex part* the Commiilioners for executing this Ad, to the Intent that Inch Money shall be ap« plied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith, or to the fame or the like Ufes, Trusts, Intents or Purpofes 5 or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and invested, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon such and the like Ufes, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the fame manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood fettled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taung Effed; and in the mean time and until such Purchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean time and until the (aid Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Puipofes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby di-re&ed to be purchased, in case such Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if AppHcition Any Money so agreed or afTeffed to be paid for any Houses, Build- where Puichafr ings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used Mojjey ■for the Puipofes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or ° yd. to any Person or Persons under Difability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the feme shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time bring entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so pur-chafed, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, iti case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be

Kk a

fignified

500

C. 121.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Application where Money under acl.

fignified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the (aid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two or more Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and.approved of by the said Commifiioners for executing this A6t (fucn Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends anting thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XXXVII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or afiefied to be paid as hereinbefore mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purpofes of this A&, in such manner as the said Commiiiioners for executing this A shall think fit 5 or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled refpec-tively.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCled, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles to the Satisfaction of the said Commifiioners for executing this ACt, or shall refuse to execute such ContraCt or Agreement, Contracts or Agreements as aforesaid; or in case the Person or

cannot he found, pcrfon8 to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to PunhafeMooey	ag	cannot	be found, or if the Person or Persons en-

*al ,n ° titled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered : then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commifiioners for executing this ACt, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intereited in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [defcribtng /£rm],fubje& to the Order, Controul or Difpofition bf the (aid High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and the fame is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or lnterect, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cafliier or Calhiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or

Receipts

IfTitle not made out;

•r, if Perfoni

Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecify-ing for what and for whose Ufe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Persons in any QueAion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Pofleffion Jeem Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name ana ed well entitled with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of contrary Chancery in pursuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Houfe$, ltWL Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interefl of any such Bank Annuities, the rerfon or Persons who shall have been in Pofleffion of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pofleffion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments according to such Pofleffion, until the contrary shall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the	v

said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefl of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some EAate or Interefl therein.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by Court may order reason of any Difability or Incapacity of the Person or Perfon3 or reafonabie Ex-Corooration entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements pence* to be or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said High Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to he fettled to the like Ufes in pursuance of this Aft, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Aft, or so much of such Expences at the said Court shall deem reafonabie, together with the necessary Cofts and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners for executing this Aft; who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpofes as the said Court shall direct.

XLI. And be ft further enacted, That in the defignmg and laying Paring, out, opening aad making such Streets or Places, and in the erecting Lighting and or rebuilding such Dwelling Houfes fend other Buildings as above Watching, mentioned, the said Commissioners shall, by and out of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Aft* in a substantial and workmanlike manner, fill in all and every the Vaults, Celiars, and open Places over Celiars, which it may be necessary to new pave (except such as shall bb used again as Celiars, Vaults or Areas), with good found hard Brick*,

Kubbifh or other found and proper Materials, to be well rammed down every Three or Four Ioches thick, to prevent the Ground from giving way, and do and shall, out of the Monies so to be raised as aforesaid, well and effectually pave over all the Ground of the (aid

Digitize” by

)^00

Paving.

Lamps.

Watch Boxes.

CommHfioners not charged iu future.

ladenmitj te Report, &c. for Church Dues.

C. i*j.	53*GEO. HI.	AJX1813.

new intended Streets and Placet with the Materials of the prefeat lavement as far as they will extend, and with a sufficient Quantity of new Materials of like Quality and Dimcnfions to supply the Deficiency ; and shall and will, in like manner and by the like means, relay and repair all and every Part of the Streets, Ways, Courts and Pastages, which they shall disturb or alter in carrying the Pur-pofes of this A& into Execution ; and moreover, that the said Com-miffioners shall, by and out of the fame Monies, provide, place and affix such proper and substantial Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners, for lighting the £aid intended new Streets and Places, of such Dimenfions and Quality, and at such Diftancet from each other, and painted and finished in such manner as shall be approved by the respective Veftrymen, Committees or Dire&ors for the time being, for paving, cleansing and lighting the (aid refpe&iue Parifhes; and also in like manner provide, place and affix, at proper Diftances from each other, good and substantial Watch Boxes for the Watchmen of each of the said respective Parifhes, and such as shall be approved of by the Veftrymen, Committees or Dire&ors of the (aid respective Parifhes for the time being: Provided neverthelese, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge the said Commissioners with repairing or making good such Pavements, Lamps, Lamp Irons or Watch Boxes in future; but that from and after the fame shall be so paved, relaid and repaired as aforesaid, and such Lamps, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes provided and finished as aforesaid, the fame shall for ever after be kept in Repair, by and at the Expenfe of the (aid Parifhes, to which the fame shall refpe&tvely belong, and that the Right and Property of all Pavements, Stones, Bricks, Pods, Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Pofts and Watch Boses, so to be laid, erected and fixed up as aforesaid, shall belong to and be the Property of the said respective Parifhes, in the feme manner as things of a like Description, in other Parts of the feid Parifhes re-fpe&ively, are at the present veiled by Law.

XLIL And whereas by reason of the taking down of the fevenl Dwelling Houfes and other Buildings required for the Purpofes of this Aft, a Deficiency may arise in the Produce of the annual Stipends, Eajler Dues, Obventions or Oblations^ and also in the annual Produce of Church Duties for Burials, Marriages and Chriften-ings (ufually called Surplice Fees and Burial Ground Fees), and other Perquifites and Payments payable in respect thereof, to the Re&ors, Churchwardens, Clerks in Orders, Sextons and other Officers belonging to the respective Churches of the Parifhes herein mentioned, and to the Trustees of the new Burial Ground of the feid Parifh of Smt Jamtt; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the feid Commissioners shall, Yearly and every Year, pay and snake good, or cause to he paid and made good, unto the Re&ors of the feid respective Parifhes for the time being, for the Ufe of them-{elyes, and the Clerks in Orders, and other Officers and Trustees above mentioned respectively, all such Deficiencies as shall or may arise or happen by reason or means of any thing done in the Execution of this A&, in the Produce of the laid annual Stipends, EtJUr Dues, Oblations or Obventions, and Church Duties above motioned, from and after Ea&tr Tvefday,which will be in the Year of oar Lord Oae tboufend eight hundred and fourteen; which Dt* ficieaefes shall be estimated and ascertained conclusively, at or upkr

the

C. 121.

A.D.1813.

530 geo. m.

5*3

the average Produce of such annual Stipends, Eafler Dues, Oblations or Obventions, and Church Duties respectively, for the Three Years immediately preceding Eafler Tuefday One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, compared with the Produce thereof for each subsequent Year; and the first Yearly Payment of which Deficiencies shall be made on Eajler Tuefday One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XLIII. And whereas for the Reafon above mentioned, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Afleffments for Land Tax, and for the Relief of the Poor, and making certain Payments directed by Aft of Parliament to be made out of the Poor’s Rate, and for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Parifhes refpec-tively, and occafion&lly for repairing and amending the Churches,

Steeples, Church Yards and Veftry Rooms belonging to the fame Parifhes respectively; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore- Indemnity £or said, That the said Commiflioners shall. Yearly and every Year, from band Tax,and and after the respective times of first making the said refpeftive	(oi	Re'

Affeflments after the palling of this Aft, pay and make good or 11X1 r cmci,t’ cause to be paid and made good to the said Parifhes respectively, all focb Sum and Sums of Money as shall be deficient in respect of the Produce of the said several Rates or Afleffments, by reason or means of the carrying of this Aft into Execution ; the fame Deficiencies -to be ascertained by the Amount of such Rates or Affeflments as the Koufes and Buildings (hut up, taken down or used by virtue of this Aft would, from Year to Year, at the present Rental, in the different Books of Affeffment to the Land Tax, Poor Rate, paving, xdeansing, lighting, watching and repairing the said respective Churches, have produced, according to the several Pound Rates to be assessed from time to time on the Inhabitants of the other Parts of the said Pkrtfhes respectively, and fhaH pay the fame accordingly *0 the several Coileftort of the said Taxes and Rates quarterly, or otherwise, as the fame shall become due : Provided always, that Commiflioners whenever, by the Operation of this Aft, the Produce or Payments w-bnburfedwhen’ an respect of the several and respective Afleflments for Land Tax,	r

and for the Relief of the Poor, paving, cleansing, lighting and watch- ^0urft.en ing, and for repairing the Churches, Steeples, Church Yards and Veftij Rooms of the said Parifhes respectively, of and for all such Houles, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, as, for the time being, shall be Handing upon the Line of the said intended new Streets and Places, shall amount to a larger Sum of Money than the Sums which would have been rateable or affeffable upon the Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments situate within the said Parifhes respectively, which shall be pulled down, taken or used for the Purpofes of this Aft, according to the present Rental of the (aid Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the different Books of Affeffment to the Land Tax, Poor Rate; paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and repairing the said Churches respectively, that then the aforesaid Payments, on account of Deficiencies m the said annual Stipends, Eajler Dues, Obventions or Oblations, Church Duties, Land Tax, Poor Rates, paving, cleansing, lighting and watching, and for repairing the Churches, Steeples, Church Yards and Veftry Rooms of the laid Parifhes respectively, fhaU severally cease and determine; and (ben aUo and from thenceforth the Surplus (if any there shall be) in

Kk 4

the

5*4

C.iai.

Pwnr to borrow Money on Mongage of Houses, ftc. ’

530 GEO. W.

A.D.iSij.

the said Land Tax, Rates or Affeffmcnts, shall be applied and paid to the said Commiflioners for executing this Aft, towards re-imburfing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid Deficiencies on the fame respective Accounts, and so from time to time when and as often as there shall be any Surplus on the said respective Accounts, until the said Commiflioners shall be wholly re-imburfed And repaid all Monies which they shall have disbursed in respect of such Deficiencies : Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Reftors for the time being, or any or either of them, to pay or refund any Sum or Sums of Money in refpett of the Difference of Eafter Offerings, Oblations, Obventions or Church Dues.

XLIV. And, in order to enable the said Commiflioners for executing this Aft to carry the several Purpofes thereof into Execution, be it further enacted, That it shall ana may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners for executing this Aft, by and with the Con-fent and Approbation in Writing of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the (aid Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Reftriftion or Claufe contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Land Revenue, or to any Property under the Management of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreffa and Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at In-terefl from time to time such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, as they the said Commiflioners for executing this Aft, with such Con-fent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for the Purpofes of this Aft, on Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in the Lines of the (aid Streets and Places to be erested, altered, repaired or improved, or which shall be purchased or exchanged by virtue of this Aft; or by Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, situate, lying and being between Pall Mall on the South, Piccadilly on the North, Saint James's Street on the West and the King's Mews on the Eail, or in any or either of the said last mentioned Streets or Mews; and for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, with Intereff for the fame, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, to grant, demise, mortgage or otherwise convey all or any Part or Parts of the fame Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments refpcc-tively, unto any Person or Persons who shall lend and advance iuch Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators, or to whom he or they shall appoint, either in Fee or for any Term of Years, so that every such Grant, Mortgage or Security be made with a Provifo or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Direftion or Condition, to be conveyed, surrendered or assigned, when such Sura or Sums of Money thereby to be secured and the Intereff thereof shall be fully paid and satisfied; and every such Grant, Mortgage or Security may be in the Form or to the Effeft following \ that is to fay.

<^

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.III.	C.121.

4 A B. and C. D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s

*	*	Woods,	Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized

*	by the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty's Treasury, and adting

*	in pursuance of an Aft passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign

*	of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here fet forth the 4 Title of this A3"], in Confideration of the Sum of

*	lent	and advanced by E. F. of

4 to the Commissioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land

*	Revenues, upon the Credit and for the Purpofes of the said Ad, ‘ do, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Commit 4 fioners of His Majefty's Treasury, and for and on Behalf of 4 His Majesty, grant, mortgage and convey unto the faid

*	his	Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators' or Afsigns, [or,

4 if by Demise, then fay, do grant, mortgage and demise unto the

*	laid	his	Executors, Adminiftrators or

€ Afsigns, or, to his Truftee or Trustees, as the case may be] All

*	[here insert the Parcels] To hold to the faid

4 his Heirs and Affigns for ever [or, if for a Term, then fay, To 4 hold to the faid	his	Executors, Adrai-

4 oiftrators or Afsigns, for a Term of	Years*

4 to be computed from the Date hereof] for securing the Repayment 4 of the said Sum of	with Intereft for

4 the fame after the Rate of	per	Cenittm per

4 Annum ; such Intereft to be paid by Half yearly Payments: 4 Provided, and these Prefents are upon this express Condition, that 4 the Grant and Conveyance [or, Demise, as the case may bel 4 hereby made, shall cease and be void when and as soon as the faia

*	Sum of	and	the Intereft therof as afore*

‘ said shall be fully paid and satisfied. [Here may be introduced any 4 special Claufes respecting the time and manner of Payment, which 4 may be agreed upon between the Parties.] In Witnefe whereof 4 the said A. B. C. D. and	have	hereunto fet their

*	Hands and Seals the	Day of	in	the

€ Year of our Lord

And every such Grant, Mortgage or Security shall be good and valid, notwithstanding any such Provisions, Reftri&ions or Clauses, contained in any such AGt or Adis of Parliament as aforesaid, and shall entitle the Perlon or Persons to or in Truft for whom the fame shall be made, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money and Intereft thereby secured by any such Grant, Mortgage or Security, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and of this Adt; and the Cofts, Charges and Expences of every such Grant, Mortgage or Security, shall be from time to time defrayed by the said Commissioners for executing this Adi, out of the Money so borrowed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commif-fioners for executing this Adi shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part or Parts of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so authorized to be demiled or leafed by them by virtue of this Adi, instead of by such Mortgage as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing this Adi, by and

with

5<>S

Form of Mart

$Zgt,6tQ'

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage of Rents.

5<xJ

C. 121.

tarn of Affijn-

mfDik

53° GEO. III.	AD.i8i}

with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the laid Lord High Treasurer, or of the said Commissioners for executing the hid Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to borrow and take up at Intereft such Sum or Somi of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of Fie hundred thousand Pounds, as they the said Commissioners for exe* cuting this Aft, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for the Purpofes of this Aft, upon the Credit of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so authorized to be demited or leafed by them as aforesaid (not being comprised in any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid); and by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for executing tnis Aft to assign, with such Confent and Approbation xs aforesaid, all or any Part of the said Rents and Profits to such Per* son or Ptrfons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her or their Truftee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advaneed, with lawful Intereft for the fame $ and the Charges and Expences of such Alignment, to be made as hereinafter mentioned, shall be from time to time defrayed by the said Commif* doners for executing this Aft, out of the Money so borrowed j »d every such Alignment may be in the Ifqrm or to tne Effeft following; that is to fay,

*	Tlf E A. B. and C. D. being Two of the Commissioners of Hit

*	Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly

*	authorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Maiefty’a Treasury,

0 and acting in pursuance of an Aft parted in the Fifty third Year 0 of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled 0 [here fet forth the Title of this A3] in Consideration of the Sumof «	lent	and advanced by E. F. upon the

0 Credit and for the Purpofes of the (aid Aft, to the Comouffioneri 0 of His Majefty'8 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, do, for 0 and on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTon, hereby 0 grant and assign unto the laid E. F. [or, to his Truftee or 0 Trustees, ae the case may be’] his Executors, Adminiftraton and 0 Afsigns, filch Proportion of the Rents and Profits to arise sod be 0 received in respect of any Demifes or Leafes granted or to begnoted 4 by virtue of the fame Aft, as the Grid Sum of

0	doth	or	(hall	bear	to	the	whole Sum which may 11 any

0 time be borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged opw 0 the Credit of such Rents and Profits, to be had and holdea froa 4 this	Day	of	until	the	(aid

0 Sum of	with Intereft after the Rite of

0	per	Centum	per Annum for the feme, hall

0 be fully paid and satisfied. In Witnefe whereof, we the (aid 0 A. B. C. D. and Em F. have hereunto fet our Hands and Scab,

0 the	Day	of	in	the

0 Year of our Lord	.*

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progreffioo, whereof the common Excefs or difference shall always be one, in respect of every One hundred Pounds so advanced as ifbit&H); ana every filch Security shall be good, valid and effectual in tht Lawy ana shall entitle the Person or Perform to whom the feme

(hall

C. 12?.

J07

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

shall be made* his, her or their Executors, Admimftrators tod Affigus, to the Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be Form of unlawful to and for the Persons entitled to any of the Alignments so to be granted for the Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Adminiftrators or Aligns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Alignments to any Person or Persons whom foe ver; and every such Transfer may be in the Form or to the Eficd following ;

•	T A. B. being entitled to the Sum of

•	A by virtue of an Alignment bearing Date the

4 Day of	under	the Hands and Seals of

4 Two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and

•	Land Revenues, acting in Execution of an Ad made in the Fifty 4 third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here 4 fit forib the Title of tbu A3) upon the Credit of the Rents and 4 Profits of the Premifes demiied or leafed by virtue of the said Ad,

4 do hereby transfer all mv Right and Intereft in and to the fame 4 Sum, ana Intereft now aue and arising thereon, unto

4	his	or her Executors, Adminiftrators and Aligns.

4 Dated the	Day	of

And a Copy of every such Alignment, together with the Number or Numbers thereof, which Ihall be made in pursuance of this Ad, suid an Extrad or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively,

Hull be entered in a Book to be Kept for that Purpole by the Clerk to the said Commilioners for executing this Ad, which Extrad or Memorial Ihall foecify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have Access, and Ihall have free Liberty to infped the lame without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer the said Clerk Ihall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer Ihall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more; and evety such Transfer after Entry thereof as aforesaid Hull entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any Regiftry thereof.

XLVII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any Psyment of of the Persons who Ihall have advanced and lent Money upon the Creditor, Credit of the said Rents and Profits, and Ihall have taken Security v ded for* by such Alignment thereof as aforesaid, be it further enacted. That the laid Commissioners for executing this Ad (if there Ihall be more such Creditors than one) Ihall cause the Number or Numbers of all Affignments granted, in case more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds Ihall be lent and advanced upon any such Affignmeat or Security as aforesaid, and then in force for liecuring the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the Rents and Proms, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Six* each Piece .of Paper to contain only One Number in jefjped of every One hundred Pounds so borrowed as aforesaid; and ul such Papers shall be rolled op in the feme Form as near at may be, and be put into a Box or

Wheel,

$oZ

C. lit.

53“ GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Wheel, and the dumber or Numbers of the said Affignments M be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel, by the Secretary to the said Commissioners for executing this Aft, or the Perfoa officiating as such ; and after every such Ballot the said Comroif fioners for executing this Aft fhail cause Notice, signed by their Secretary or the Person officiating as such, to be given to or left it the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Ferfons who M, as Holders of such Securities or Affignments which shall be (b drawn, be entitled to the Money to be paid off, either in full or put Payment of their respective Affiguments as aforesaid, pursuant to such Bailot; and where there is only one Creditor, to give Three Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor of the Intention of the hid Commifiioners to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Intereft due thereon, and that the fame shall be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Three Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid ; and the Intereft of the Principal Money to be so paid of, shall from and after the Day so specified cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded purfumt to such Notice and not paid; but the Principal Money, in respect wheieor such Notice shall be given, and the Intereft thereof to the Day so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

XLVIIl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Commissioners for executing this Aft, can at any time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Intereft than the Alignments which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by and with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, from time to time to charge the said Rents and Profits in manner aforesaid with such Suit, or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Intereft thereof, at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Affignments bearing a higher Rate of Interect, according to the Regulations and Direftions herein prescribed for paying off such Alignments.

Monies paid into XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ill BankofEug- Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts, which shall be received by the said Commissioners for executing this Aft, shall from time to time, within Two Days after the fame shall have been received, or within Two Days after any Bill shall have been accepted, completed tod perfested, if the fame shall not be accepted, completed and perfected at the time it shall be received by the said Commissioners, be paid hjr them into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Difcharge; and iD such Monies, Bills and Drafts so to be paid to the said Govern* and Company shall from time to time be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled 4 The Account of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

4 Forefts and Land Revenues, being the New Street Account/aod shall be applied and dffpofed of by them the said Commiffiooen for executing this Aft, for and towards the carry ingof the fevers! Porpofa thereof into Execution.

L. Plodded

Power to borrow Money at lower Interect, to discharge Securities at a higher Rate.

^ooQie

C.I2I.

A.D.1813.	S3*	GEO.	III.

509

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Commiffioner* and may be lawful for the said Commiffioner? for executing this Ad	a

to reserve out of the Monies to be received by them by virtue of E^pencVs Ui this Ad, for casual and ordinary Payments for the Purpoles thereof. Hands of a pri-in the Hands of any private Banker, to be nominated by any Writing rate Banker, under the Hand ofxthe said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Com-xniffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, a Sum not exceeding Three Thoufand Pounds, to be drawn for by the said Commissioners for executing this Ad; and if at any time the Sum so reserved shall be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Ad, from time to time, to make up the fame to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, by Drafts under their Hands upon the Funds to be deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners for Payments by executing this Ad shall make all Payments required to be made, out Drafts on Bank, of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England, by Drafts cul^Semce? * under their Hands on the said Bank, and shall specify on each such Draft the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpofe or Cause, for which such Draft shall be given ; and every fucn Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof, a Figure correfpond-ing to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpofe or Caufe for which such Draft shall be given.

L*II. Ana be it further enacted. That all Drafts drawn pursuant Dra*j8 to the Diredions of this Ad, but not otherwise, shall be lufficient	l*

Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them ; and that the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable either colledively or individually for any Money which they the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them from such Commissioners.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for exe- Annual Report cuting this Ad shall, on or before the Firfl Day of July in every 10 Tre*fury-Year, make a Report in Writing to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of the Progrefs made in the repairing, altering, pulling down and rebuilding of any Houses, Buildings and Places, or in the laying out any vacant Ground, or the forming or making any other Improvements under or by virtue of this Ad, together with such Obfervations and Suggeflions for the better effeding the Purpofes of this Ad, as the (aid Commissioners for executing this Ad shall from time to time think requisite and necessary.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to re-to and for the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, to take JSIs JodftsT down, take away, remove, alter or regulate, in such manner as they ^Jhmsn^T shall from time to time judge proper, all Signs or other Emblems used to denote the Trade. Occupation or Calling of any Person or Persons, and all Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Polls, Sheds,

Penthouses, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Bow and other projed-

ing

S*o

C. 121

Comers of Buildings.

Future Encroachments and frroje&ions.

Penalty.

53* CEO. m.	A.D.1S13.

ing Windows, Window Shutters, Palifades and other Encroachmems, Projections and Annoyances, belonging or which shall be hereafter affixed or belong to any House or Houfes or other Buildings, and which do and shall in their Judgment obstruct the free and commodious Paffage along the Carriage or Foot Ways of any of the Streets, Squares and Places to be made, widened, altered, flopped up and improved by virtue of this Ad, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthouses, of or belongingto such Houfes or other Buildings respectively, by proper Pipes or Trunks, to be affixed to the Sides of such Houfes or other Buildings respectively $ and that the Cofts, Charges and Ex pence* attending the taking down, taking away, removing, altering or regu* lating such Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Polls and other Pofts, Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Bow or other Projections, Windows, Window Shutters, Palifades and other Encroachments, Projedions and Annoyances, or any of them, and of making and affixing such Pipes and Trunks as aforesaid, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Ad: Provided always, That if the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, shall cause to be taken up or removed any Pofts or other Guards placed for the Protedion of any House or Building, forming a Corner of any Street or Lane, from Injury by Carriages, they the said Com-miffionera shall, ly some proper ways or means, sufficiently guard or protect the fame House or Building from Damage as aforesaid ; and in case any Damage shall at any time happen to any such House, by reason of taking up or removing any such Pofts or other Guards by the said Commissioners, they the laid Commissioners shall from time to time make good such Damage out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Ad.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poft, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window or other projeding Window, Window Shutter, Palifade or any other Encroachment, Projedion or Annoyance, shall be made, erected or built against, or in the Front or Outfide of any House or other Building within or adjoining to any Street, Square or Place to be made, widened, altered, flopped up or improved by virtue of this Ad, so as to obstruct the free and commodious Paffage along the Carnage or Foot Ways of the fame, then and in every such case the Owner or Owners of any such House or Budding, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poft or other Poll, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow or other projeding Window, Window Shutter, Palifade or other Projedion, Encroachment or Annoyance, which shall be so made, erected or built as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings a Day for every Day such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poft or other Poft, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow or other projeding Window, Window Shutter, Palifade or other Encroachment, Projection or Annoyance, shall continue in such Street as is hereinbefore provided againft5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing this Ad (whether any such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be levied or not) to cause all such Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Pofts, Sheds, Penthouses, Steps, Stairs, Bow or other preceding Windows, Window Shutters, Palifades and other Encroach-+1	meats*

C. 121.

5”

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO. III.

merits, Projedions and Annoyances, or any of them, to be taken down, removed and taken away.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Adions, Suits, Bills, Plaints, Indidments, Profecutions, Trials or Proceedings at Law, to be had, brought, prosecuted or defended in purfu?nce of this Ad, the said Commissioners for executing this Ad may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary appointed for the Purpofes of this Ad, or the Person officiating as such ; and that no Adion or Profecution to be brought, commenced or defended by or againff the said Coramif-fioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Ad, in the Name of their Secretary or the Person officiating as such, shall abate or be difcon-tinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or the Person officiating as such, or by any Ad of such Secretary, or the Person officiating as such, without the Confent of the said Commissioners ; but the Secretary for the time being to the said Commissioners, or the Person officiating as such, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Adion, as the case shall be: Provided always, that any such Secretary, or the Person officiating as such, in whose Name any Adion or Suit shall be commeneed, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Ad, shall always be re-imburfed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Ad, all such Coils and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and also the Cods and Charges of prosecuting any Indidment or Indidments, or other Proceedings whatsoever which shall or may be commenced or prosecuted againff any Person or Persons whomsoever by the Order of the (aid Commissioners.

LVII. And be it further enacted, that nothing in this Ad, or m any Mortgage, Contrad or Leafs hereby authorized to be entered into or made by the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, or any of them, shall extend to charge the Persons or Penon of all or any of the Commissioners executing any such Mortgage, Con. trad or Lease, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of the fame Commissioners, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lands and Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Mortgage, Contrad or Leafe contained on the Part of the fame Commissioners or any of them; but the Amount of all Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences, which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or Equity, againff them the (aid Commissioners, or any of them, or againff their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Adminiffrators, for or by reason or means of such la& mentioned Mortgage, Contrad or Lease, or the Covenants, Con-ditibns or Agreements therein contained; and also all the Cofts, Charges, Damages and Expences which the (aid Commissioners shall bear* pay, expend or be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them for or by reason or means of any such Mortgage, Contrad or Agreement, or any Covenant, Condition or Agreement therein contained, or any Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or prosecuted by or againff them or any of them thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged by and out of the Monies t* bo raised, anse or be received by virtue of this Ad.

LVHI. And

Commiffionert may file and be sued in Name of Secretary,

CommHfionerc exempted from I’erfonal Re-fponfibility.

L»

5ia

Mortgages and other Deeds exempted from Sump Duty.

Deeds enrolled in Office of Au-* ditor of Land Revenues.

Materials, See, vested in Com-tfiiffientrs.

Commissioners to cause Ad ions to be brought for Breach of Contrails.

C. 121 •	53cGEO.III.	A.D.1813.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mortgage or other Security, Contract, Conveyance, Deed of Exchange, Leafe or other Inftrument, which shall be made, granted, entered into or executed by the Commissioners for executing this Aft, under any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted, nor any Contrafts or Agreements, Deeds or Conveyances, which shall be made, entered into or executed by any other Person or Persons to or with them, for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament sow in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Aft or Afts of Parliament, unless such Inllruments be specially fubiefted and specifically charged in and by such future Aft or Acts of Parliament.

LIX. And be it further enacted. That every Contract, Mortgage or other Security, Conveyance, Leafe or Deed, whereby any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be mortgaged, purchased, fold, exchanged, leafed or demised, shall be so purchased or agreed to be purchased, or shall be so fold, exchanged, leafed or demiled, shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, on Payment of the usual Fees for such Enrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; and tbit every such Contract, Mortgage or other Security, Conveyance, Leafe or Deed when so enrolled and entered, shall, without any other Enrolment or Regiftry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like force and effect, in all respects as if the lame had been enrolled in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Weftwk* fier% or as if a Memorial had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County of Middlesex ; any Aft of Parliament, Law, Praftice or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

LX. A nd be it further enacted. That the Right and Property of all and every the Gates, Bars, Pods, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for Paving, Implements, Utenfils and Things what-soever, which may be erected and fet up or provided by the fiid Commissioners for executing this Aft» or by their Order, or other-wife belonging to and used by them for carrying the Purpofes of this Aft into Execution, shall be veiled in the said Commissioners; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of and apply the fame for the Purpofes of this Aft, as they shall think fit, and to bring any Aftion or Aftions, and to prefer and prosecute with Effeft any Bill or Bills of Indiftment again (I any Person or Pcrfooi who shall (leal, secrete, injure, damage or dispose of the fame, or any of them respectively, to their own Ufe and Ufes, or shall disturb them the said Commissioners or their Officers, or other Persons acting under them, in the Poffeffion thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Works to be done in pursuance of this Aft shall not be well sod sufficiently performed according to the Intent and Meaqing of any Contraft or Contrafts to be entered into by the said Commissioners for executing this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, or shall not be completed within the .time or times specified in such Contrad or Contracts, then and in every such case the (aid Commissioners mav

5*3

AJD.i8i3*	53°GEO.	III.	C.m.

caufc an A&ion to be brought in any of His Majesty** Courts of Law at Wcjlmxnfter again ft any such Contractor or Contractors, for any Penalty contained in his Contract, and on Proof of the signing of the said ContraCt and Non-performance thereof at the time or times for that Purpofe to be therein mentioned, the said Comraif-fioners shall be entitled to and shall recover the foil Penalty contained in any such ContraCt; any Law, Cuftom pr Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; which Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied to the Purpofes of this ACt: Provided always, that it Commiffiontfs shall be lawful for the said Commiilioners, if they think fit, but "“J compound with such Confent and Approbation as aforef&id, to compound and Brefc^of ConT agree with any such CoutraCtor, for any Penalty incurred by trg&f. him for the Breach or Non-performance of any such ContraCt for such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not being less than the Injuty or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such ContraCt, and all Cofts, Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Aflaulting Tons shall assault, interrupt, hinder or disturb any Person or Per- officeni*c« fons whomsoever, employed by the said Commiilioners, in the Execution of any Part of tnis ACt, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Ptmlty.

LX III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Securing fons shall wilfully break, throw down, deface or damage any of the Oftadsrs.

Bars, Polls, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for Paving,

Implements, Utenfils or other Things whatsoever which shall be the Property of or used by or under the Orders or Directions of the said Commiilioners for executing this ACt, in making and completing, or for the Purpofes of the (aid Alterations ana Improvements, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Ad, and without any other Warrant, to cause him, her or them to be conveyed before some Juftice of the Peace for the said County of Middlefe*, and such Juftice (hail proceed to examine upon Oath any Witnefs or Witneffes who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her or their own Confelfion, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, (he or they so conviCted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, to the said Penalty. Commifiiouers for executing this Ad, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall also make Satisfaction to the laid Com-miffioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the fame, for the Damage so by him, her or them done as aforesaid ; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Convi&ion, pay such Forfeitures and make Satisfa&ion as aforesaid, such Justices are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the nearest Bridewell or House of Corredion for the said County of Impnfonmenr, Middli/e*, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged • before the Expiration of the time for which he, (he or they shall have been so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfadion (haB be (boner paid or given.

S3 G«o. III.	L1	LXIV.	And

5*4

C.I2I.

53® GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Penalties and Forfeitures how recovered and applied.

Impiii'onmeut.

Informer Part of Penalties.

Form of Con-▼id ion.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures

and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to beimpofed (if the manner of levying and recovering is not herein otherwise dire&ed) shall upon due Proof of the Offences respectively before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offenders shall be or reside, or the Offences shall be committed, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Juiiices, which Warrant such Judices are hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, are recovered and dedu&ed, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Ad) shall be from time to time applied for the Purpofes of this A&; and in case fuf&dent Didrefs (hail not be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures Anil not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Judices of the Peace as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remaiu without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

LXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Juft ices from time to time, if they shall fee cause, to adjudge that the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad /hall pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they the said Justices shall think fit, to and for the Ufe of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witnefs or Witneffes) taking, seizing or aAiffing therein, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

LXVI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders again (I this Ad, be it further enacted, That all and every the Jufticc or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Ad, shall and may cause the Convidion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effed, as the case shall happen; that is to fay,

1 D E it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in	the Year of our Lord

*	A. B is convicted before C. D. One [of f Two, as tht case may be,] of the Justices of the Peace for the County ‘ of Middlesex* [fp^ifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and 4 where the fame was committed* as the case may At,] contrary to the € Form of the Statute made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of

* His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An AS [Am jot

*	forth the Title of this AS] ; and I [or, wej do adjudge that he

4 hath therefore forfeited the Sum of	[Am	infert

4 the Penalty*] or shall be committed to [Place of Imprtfonsaeni] 4 for the Space of [Time of Imprifoument]. Given under my Hand

« and

4 and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above 4 written.*

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Com- Ccrnimiflioner* miffloners for executing this Ad shall from time to time render and give to render ait an Account to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Com- £cc0J?m 10 miffionert for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of Tr#“ur7* the Amount of all Monies which shall be railed or received by the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad, by Sale or Mortgage, or by the Rents and Profits of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be mortgaged, fold, demised or let, or by the Sale of the Materials of any Houfes or Buildings to be pulled down and fold as aforesaid, or by any Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines hereby inflicted, or authorized to be imposed, and directed to be paid to the said Commiflioners, and of all other Monies which shall be raised or received by them under or by virtue of the Authority of this Ad, and of the Application of all such Monies for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and the (aid Lord High Treasurer, or Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine or cause to be examined every such Account, and in case they shall approve thereof, to signify such their Approbation at #the Foot of such Account, ligned by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, and to transmit and return the fame so approved, to the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad; and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad, from or on Account of all such Sums of Money as (haS be mentioned in such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof $ and the said Commiflioners for executing this Ad shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof $ any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Diftrefs p»ftrefsnot un-(hall be made by virtue of thin Aft, the Diftrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers on account of any Defed or want of Form in the Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Distress, or in the Appointment of the Colledor or Colledors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the said Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall happen to be done in making the said Distress, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfadion for the special Damage which he, (he or they shall have fuftaihed thereby, with usual Coils, and no more, in an Adion of Trefpafs or on the Cafe, at the Eledion of the Party or Parties so aggrieved.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeal.

shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing donfe in puffuance of this Ad, and for which no particular mode of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal tt> the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Seffions to bfe holdea for the said County of Middlcfcx} or the City or Liberty of

Liz	Weftminjler

C.I2I.

5'5

C.iar*

S*«

53* GEO. HI.	A.D.1813^

Weftmnjttr (as the case may be), within Three Calendar Months next after such cause of Complaint shall arise, unless the fame shall arise within Ten Days preceding such Seffions, ini which case such Appeal may be brought at the Second Seffions after such case shall anse; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complaint Penalties may	or Complaints; and (hall	and may, if they fee Caufe» by Order of

fco mitigated.	fuch Session, mitigate at	their Difcretion all or any Part of the

Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties Complaining, or vacate or let aside the Convi&ion or Convi&ions, and fet the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the fame, with such Cofts as to them in their Difcretion shall feetn reasonable $ and to levy by their	Order or Warrant, such Cofts so awarded*

by Diftrefs and Sale of	the Goods and Chattels of the Person or

Persons who shall refuse to pay the fame ; and for want of sufficient Impnfaunti*. Diftrefs to commit such Person or Persons to some Common Gaol in or for the said County of Middlefcx, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Cofts : Provided always, that the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and ne, (he or they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing to the Secretary to the said Commifiioners for executing this Aft, or the Person officiating as such, of such his, her or their Intention of bringing or prosecuting such Appeal Ten Days before the (aid Quarter Seffions, and shall, before such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlefcx, or City or Liberty of Wcjhmmfler, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each* with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Cofts, in case such Appeal be determined against the Party or Parties so appealing* Perjury,	LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who, in any

Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this A£k, shall wilfully give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear themselves before any such Jury as aforesaid, or before any Juftice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Ad, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame[; and upon Convidion thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

4 LXXI. And whereas His Majesty is seised of or entitled to 4 certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, situate in the said Pariffi of Saint 4 Mary le Bone and in the Pariffi of Saint Pancras in the County 4 of Middlefcx, containing in the Whole Five hundred and forty-three 4 Acres, lying to the North of the Line of the said intended new < Street ; and which Park abuts in Part towards the North upon an 4 Eftate of the Duke of Portland called The Primrofe Hill Estate, 4 and towards the South upon Portland*Place and other Streets 4 forming other Parts of the said Duke’s Eftates : And whereas 4 certain Circufies, Streets, Squares, Terraces and other public 4 Paffages and Places are now forming and making, and others are 4 about to be formed and made in the (aid Park called Mary le Bom 4 Pari, and the immediate Communication between the Line of the 4 said intended New Street and the said Park, is at present intercepted • by a Fence or Railing placed across the (aid Street called Portland 4 Place, from East to West, at the Northern Extremity thereof, im» 4 mediately adjoining the Southern Boundary of the (aid Park ; And

4 whereas

C. III

5*7

9 whereas the public Convenience would be much promoted, if a

*	dircd Communication was opened from the North End of the said 9 intended new Street through the said Street called Portland Place 9 into the said Park, and if1 Communication were alfb opened from

*	a certain Street called Harley Street into the (aid Park $ and the

*	(aid Duke hath consented that such Communications shall be opened 4 and made under the Reftri&ions, Conditions and Regulations here-

9 inafter contained ;* Be it therefore enacted, That Iron Gates shall Pwdind PUct

be forthwith erected, under the Dire&ions of the Commiffioncrs of

His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the time UIUj«rwruin

being, at the Expence of The Crown, between the said Street called Regulations and

Portland Place9 and the New Road, and between the (aid Street Reftri&ons.

called Harley Street, and the New Road respectively; and that

Lodges shall be erected near or adjoining to the laid Gates, and fuch

Lodges shall be so constructed as not to annoy or incommode the

Tenants or Inhabitants of the adjacent Buildings by their Smoke or

otherwise ; and that Porters to be nominated by the said Cora-

miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for

the time being, by and with the Content and Approbation of the

Lords Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Treasury, tor the time being,

or any Three or more of them, with proper or adequate Salaries, to

be paid out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, (nail be from time

to time provided and appointed to attend the said Gates by Day

and others by Night ; and that when and as soon as such Gates and

Lodges are erected, and such Porters appointed to attend them, as

above mentioned, and the Roads round the Northern and Eaftern

Boundary of the said Park shall be completed and opened, the feveral

Fences or Railings now placed across the said Streets called Portland

Place and Harley Street respectively, shall be removed, and that from

thenceforth for ever thereafter the said Street called Portland Place,

andalfothe said Street called Harley Street, shall be open at all times

to all His Majefty’s Subjeds, to pass and repass along the fame, to

and horn the (aid intended new Street into and from the (aid Park,

on Foot and on Horfeback ; and that all Carriages and Cattle (fave

and except Stage Coaches, Mail Coaches, Hearfes, Waggons, Carts,

Drays, or other Vehicles for the Carriage of Goods, Merchandize,

Manure, Soil or other Articles, or Oxeu, Cows, Horfes or Sheep in any Drove or Droves,} shall have the like Liberty to pass and repass at all times along the laid last mentioned Streets.

LXXII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be the Duty Porters removt of the (aid Porters so to be appointed as aforesaid, to prevent the for of raffing or repassing of any of the said excepted Carriages, or other Things hereinbefore excepted, through either of the said Gates ; and that any such Porters shall be removed from time to time in case any Complaint of Negled of Duty shall be alleged against them by the (aid Duke or bis Heirs; or if the (aid Commiffioncrs or the hud Commiffioncrs of the Treasury shall think fit to remove them for any other Cause, and other proper Persons shall be thereupon appointed in manner aforesaid in their Stead.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Road now forming Roads mads a* and granted to the Veftrymen of Saint Mary le Bone9 round the b Bans Weftern Side of the (aid Park called Mary le Bone Park9 shall be Parit* continued and formed under the Diredion of the Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the time:

L 1 1	being.

51®	C,m.	53'GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Duke of Portland and hit Tenants to have Ul'e of such Roads.

Expence of making Roads.

Avenues or

Openings pre-ferved.

Gates and Lodges ere&td.

being, round the North Boundary of the said Park, adjacent to the Southern Boundary of the said Duke’s Eftate called Primrofe Hill, so as to join the Road or intended Road called Britannia Lane> leading into the Hampjlcad Road at the Point where such Lane adjoins or it intended to join the said Park ; and that the Road now forming in Continuation of Great Portland Street, along the East Side of the (aid Park, shall also be continued and formed and completed by and under the Dire&ion of the said lad mentioned Commimoners, of the fame Width as the said Street, until it meets the said Road so to be formed along the Northern Boundary of the said Park at its said Entrance into Britannia Lane as aforesaid ; and the fame shall become Public Roads.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duke and his Tenants, and all other Persons whomsoever, shall at all times have such and the like Accefs to and Ufe of the Roads to be made in and through the said Park as are hereinbefore provided and given to the Public, along the said Streets called Portland Place and Harley Strut aforesaid, and under such and the like Regulations and Reftrittioni as are hereinbefore provided in regard thereto.

LXXV. And be it further enacted. That that Part of the said Road which is to be made along the Northern Part of the said Park from the Burial Ground towards the East, so far as it extends along or opposite to the Eftate of the said Duke called Primrofe Hilly shall be made and formed at the joint Expence of The Crown and of the said Duke and his Heirs, or the Owners or Proprietors of the said Primrofe Hill EJlate for the time being, and that the Remainder of the said Roads shall be made and formed at the Expence of The Crown.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That an Avenue or Opening extending One hundred and twenty five Feet in Width from East to West in the Northern Boundary of and through the said Park opposite to the Center or thereabouts of the said Eftate called Primrofe HM EJlate> shall be at all times and for ever hereafter preserved and kept uninterrupted by Buildings, Erections, Plantations or other Obftruc-tions to the View of any kind, and that a like or corresponding Opening of One hundred and twenty five Feet in Width immediately opposite thereto, and extending from East to West, through the (aid Duke’s Eftate called The Primrofe Hill EJlate, shall at all times for ever hereafter be preserved and in like manner kept uninterrupted by any Buildings, Eredlions, Plantations or other Obftru&ions to the View of any kind, and that no close Fence shall be hereafter fet up on either Eftate to obftru& the said Opening.

LXXVII. And, to the end that a Communication may be opened and at all times hereafter preserved between the Eftate of the (aid Duke, situate to the South of the said New Road, and the (aid Eftate called The Primrofe Hill EJlatey through the said Park, under such and the like Reftri&ions as are hereinbefore eftablilhed, in regard to the Communication so as aforesaid, to be opened between the said intended New Street and the said Park, be it further enacted, That Gates and Lodges shall be erected, and at all times hereafter kept up and preserved under the Dire&ion of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues on the North Side of the said New Road, opposite to those so as aforesaid to be erefled between Portland Place and the said New Road ; and that other Gates

and

v^.

5*9

A.D.i8i3-	53®GEO.IIL	C.121.

mud Lodges shall be in like manner erected, and at all times hereafter preferred under the like Dire&ion of the said Commissioners, at the Northern Boundary of the said Park, across the Avenue or Opening so to be left a0 aforesaid, upon the Line which divides the said Park from the said intended public Road adjoining the said Primrofe Hill Estate, and that proper Porters shall be provided to attend all the said Gates at all times; and that a Bridge shall be erected over and across the intended Canal called The Regent’s Canal, at the Point at which it will interfedt the said Avenue or Opening, of fufticient Width to admit the Paflage of Carriages ; and that all such Gates,

Lodges and Bridge shall be erected and made, and (or ever thereafter maintained and supported, and the said Porters shall be provided and paid by and at the Expence of The Crown ; and that the said Duke and his Tenants, and all other Persons whomfoever, shall at all times have such and the like Accefs by and through the said Gates into, through and from the said Parkas is hereinbefore provided, and given to the Public, from the said intended New Street through Portland Place and Harley Street aforesaid, into and from the faia Park, by and through the said Gates so to be erected between the said last mentioned Streets and the said Road called The New Road as aforesaid ; and that such Gates, Lodges and Bridge shall be erected, and such Porters appointed to attend the said Gates, before the Fences or Railings now placed across the said Streets called Portland Plate and Harley Street shall be removed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Houfes and Houfei in Con-Buildings to be ereAed in the said Park called Alary le Bone Parity tinuation of in Continuation Northward of the Streets called Portland Plate and Portland Place Harley Street, shall be of as high a Rate or Clafs of Building, and ind as good in all refpeAs as the Houfes or Buildings now erected in the Mreet* ate 0 * said Streets called Portland Place and Harley Street refpeAively are ; and that no new Building whatsoever shall be erected in Harley Field, or in the said Park, in the Line of either of the said Streets called Portland Place and Harley Street, so as to interrupt the PafTage of the said intended Streets, or the View along the fame.

4 LXXIX. And whereas the Houles, Streets, Squares, Paflages 4 and Places through which the proposed Alterations and Improve-4 ments are to be made and carried by virtue of this AA, are at 4 present drained by means of a Sewer, called The King’s Scholars’

4 Pond Sewer; and such Sewer is incapable of supplying a proper 4 Drainage for any additional Buildings : And whereas a great 4 Increafe of Houses, Streets and Buildings is now making, and is * about to be made upon the Eftate of The Crown, called Mary le 4 Bone Parky all which will have r.o other Drainage than such in-4 sufficient Sewer, unless a new Sewer be conftruAcd and made to re-4 ceive such additional Drainage : And whereas the principal Street 4 to be made in puriuance of this AA will communicate with the 4 said Park, and will afford Facility for the making a Sewer to extend 4 from the said Park to Charing Cross and from thence to the River 4 Thames ; and it will tend to relieve the said insufficient Drain, and 1 be of great public Utility, if a new Sewer be made to drain the said 4 Park, and the Houfes and Buildings ereAing and to be ereAed 4 therein, and also the Streets, Squares, Paflages and Places described 4 in the aforesaid Map or Plan, and intended to be made, formed,

4 cre&ed and improved in pursuance of this A A; but inasmuch as L I 4	1	fuch

C. 121,

520

53° geo. nr.	A.D.1813.

Power to make a new Sewer.

Prorifo.

Commiflioners empowered to borrow Money for making Sewer*.

* such new Drain cannot be made without great Expence, and will 4 principally be appropriated to the draining of the Eftate of The 4 Crown, it is expedient that the Expence of making and repairing 4 such new Sewer Ihould be defrayed in manner hereinafter mentioned, 4 and that the fame should be put under the Survey, Dirtdion and 4 Management of Persons to be authorized and appointed in manner 4 hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enacted, That a new Sewer, Drain or Watercourse, to extend from the South End of Mary It Bout Park at or near Portland Place, under the Street called Portland Plactf along the whole Line of the principal New Street to be made and formed in pursuance of this Ad unto Charing Croft, and from thence along the public Street to Scotland Tardy into the Riser Thames, at a Place at or near the Lime Wharf, shall be formed by such Person or Persons as the Commiflioners for executing this Ad shall from time to time authorize and appoint by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals ; which said Persons so to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to make and form any Drains, Watercourfes or Communications from any Part or Parts of the said Park called Mary le Bone Parky or from any Houfes or Buildings creded or to be erected therein ; and also from any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Paflages and Places through which any of the pro-pored Alterations or Improvements are intended to be made in pur* luance of this Ad, and which are mentioned and described in the laid Map or Plan, or from any Houfes or Buildings erected or to be erected within the Limits mentioned and defcnbed on the laid Map or Plan, or of the Deviation thereupon hereby allowed to carry off or drain the Water from all or any of the said Houses, Buildings, Streets or Places into the said Principal or Common Sewer to be made as aforesaid, and for those Purpofes or any of them, to Hop up, divert or alter any Sewers, Drains, Tunnels or Watercourses, which may be found in making the said new Sewer, and which may cross the Line of such new Sewer, or which may (in the Judgment of the Persons so to be authorized and appointed as afore-said, or any Three or more of them) be necessary or expedient to be (lopped up, diverted or altered for the Purpofes aforesaid or any of them : Provided always, that all Damage which may be dooe by means of flopping up, diverting or altering any such Drains, Tunnels or Watercourses, shall be made good by the Commiflioners under this A& out of the Monies raised by virtue thereof.

LXXX. And, in order to enable the said Persons so to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, to form and make such new Sewers, Watercourfes and Drains, and to keep the fame in Repair, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners for executing tbit A6t, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commiflioners for executing the laid Office of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provisions, Reftri&ions or Claufes contained in any A61 or A&s of Parliament relating to His Majeily’s Land Revenue, to borrow and take up at Interect, from time to time, fuck Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, over and above any other Sum or Sums of Money hereby authorized to be so borrowed and taken up, which

thef

530 GEO. HI.

C.I2I*

521

they the (aid CommiffionerB, with fneb Confent and Approbation at aforesaid, shall judge necefiary and expedient for those Purpofesj aad for securing the Repayment thereof, in such manner and form and by such means as hereinbefore mentioned, to grant, demise or mortgage any Part or Parts which to them shall leem fit, of the Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments herein* before authorized to be mortgaged for raising Money for the other Parpofes of this Aft, so as the fame Premifes be not included in any prior subsisting Mortgage which shall be made in pursuance of tins Aft, and to issue and apply the Money so to be raised from time to time, as they shall fee Occafion, in or towards defraying the Expences of forming, making and repairing such new Sewers, Drains and Wydraughts.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to repay the Power to m»kr Monies so to be raised and applied, and the Intereft of the Monies so *****10 &efnJ to be borrowed as lafl aforesaid, and to defray the Expences of making and keeping in Repair such new Sewers, Drains and Wydraughts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons so to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, to make any Rate or Rates, Afiefiment or Afieflinents, by an equal Pound Rate from time to time, as they shall fee Occafion, upon the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of any Houses, Buildings or Lands, situate in Mary le Bone Park aforesaid, or in any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Pafiages or Places within the Limits mentioned and described in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference, or any such Deviation therefrom as aforesaid, who shall use the said intended new Sewers, Drains or Wydraughts, and by any Precepts or Warrants under their Hands to authorize or empower any Person or Persons to collect the fame from time to time, and to make or allow to every such Colleftor a reasonable Compen* iation or Salary for his Trouble, out of such Rates or AfiefTments.

LXXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Rated under no Person paying to the Rate or Afiefiment directed to be raised and Ad, not fuh£d| collected by virtue of this Aft, shall, during the Continuance of the l° any ,^er Payment of such Rate or AfTefiment, be subject or liable to the werl RaU* Payment of any other Sewer Rate or Afiefiment, in respect of the Premifes for which he or (he shall be rated or afiefied under or bT ▼irtue of this Aft.

LXXX1II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted* That nothing Rates coDefted herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent the present from Houles not Com mi Hi oners of Sewers, so long as the present Commifiion shall. w*dira Park, continue in force, from assessing upon or collecting from the Owners,	**

Proprietors or Occupiers of any Houses, Buildings or Lands within miflioners eh their several Di ft rifts (other than and except those situate in Mary U chough Drain-Bone Park aforesaid, or in any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, ige performed Pafiages or Places within the Limits mentioned and described in the ty Mw Sew«r* (aid Map or Plan and Book of Reference, or of the Deviation hereby allowed) all such Rates or Afleflments as might or could have been assessed upon or collected from any such Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers, if the Drainage of such Houses, Buildings or Lands had continued to be performed by the present Commifiioners of Sewers, notwithstanding such Drainage may hereafter be received into, or wholly or partly performed by the (aid intended new Sewer.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person Rstei levied by or Persons who shall be liable to the Payment of any such Rate or D*(lre<k

Afiefiment

C. 121.

New Sewer under Survey of Persons appointed for making lame.

New Sewer not to ol>ftruft Streams or Feeders flowing into present Sewer.

53® GEO. III.	A.D.1J13.

Afleflment as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame to any Colledor to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after personal Demand thereof, or after Demand made by Writing, and left at the usual or last Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or the City and Liberty of Westminster (ai the case may be), upon Proof made before him of any such Demand and Nonpayment, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hind and Seal, to authorize and direct tne said Collector, to levy such Rate or Afleflment, or so much thereof as shall be in Arrear, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the levying the fame (fo to be ascertained by such Juilice) by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refufmg or neglecting to pay the fame as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus thereof (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels on Demand.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Sewers, Drain! and Watercourfes to be hereafter made within the said Park called Mary le Bone Park (fave and except the said Sewer called Kitf'i Scholars9 Pond Sewer), or within any of the Limits described in the said intended Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, or such Deviation therefrom as aforesaid, shall be under the foie Management, Survey, Controul and Direction of the said Persons, to be authorixed and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, and of no other Person or Persons whomsoever 5 and that such Person or Persons so to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Ad, within the Limits hereinbefore described, from time to time » they shall fee Occafion, to widen, deepen, embank, alter, ameod, clcanfe and scour all such Sewers, Drains or Watercourses, and to cause to be removed and taken away any Nuifances in the fame, and to alter and divert the Courfe of the Water in any of the said Streets or other Places made or to be made within the Limits hereinbefore described, as they shall from time to time think necellary or expedient for effeding the said Drainage, or for any other Purpofei necessary or incident thereto, and that all such Sewers, Drains and Watercourfes shall be fnbjed to the foie Survey, Controul, Order and Diredion of the said rerfons so to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, their Surveyors and Officers, in such and the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been expressly directed by any of the existing Statutes of Sewers to be under their Survey and Authority, or as if such Persons had been expressly named and appointed Commillionm of‘Sewers within the Limits aforesaid by any Statutes of Sewers, or Commiflion or Commiflion9 of Sewers; any thing contained in any existing Commiflion or Commiflions of Sewers, or in any Statute or Law to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always that nothing in this Ad contained shall authorixe or empower any Person or Persons so to conftrud any such Sewen, Drains or Watercourses, as to interrupt, divert or obstruct the Courfe of any Stream or Feeder which flows and has heretofore flowed into the said Sewer called King's Scholars' Pond Sewer ; save only and except so far as the Water flowing or proceeding from any of the Houfcs, Buildings, Streets, Squares, Ways, Paflages or Placet, Lands or Premilcs hereby authorized to be drained, shall neceflanly be diverted by means of such new Sewers, Drains or Watercourfes.

iz	LXXXV1.	And

v^ooqLc

C. 121.

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.

S23

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Buildings erecting Certain Drain* or to be erected in the said Park, or in the said intended New Street, t«be used shall not be permitted to drain into any of the Sewers now existing on the Eftate of the said Duke, situate between Great Portland Street on Conient. the East, and High Street and Mary le Bone Lane on the West, without the Confent of the said Duke in Writing for that Purpofe had and obtained by the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefta and Land Revenues, and enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That imitation of no Adion or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Ad, until Twenty eight Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Secretary, or the Person officiating as such, to the said Commissioners for executing this Ad, nor after a sufficient Satisfadion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Mouths next after the Fad committed; and every Adion or Suit shall be hid, brought and tried in the said County of Middlefete, and not General HTue. elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adion or Suit may, at his, her or their Eledion, plead specially or the General Ifsue, and give this Ad or the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wa9 done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if the fame shall appear to be so done, or if such Adion or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than the said County of Middlcsex, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or dif-continue his, her or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofts, and shall have such Remedy Treble Coft*, for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her or their Cofts in any other cases by Law.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

(A.)

FORM of Contrad or Agreement for a Pur chafe.

Be it known. That A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Maiefty’s Treasury, in Exercife of the Powers veiled in them by an Ad, intituled [here insert the Title of this A3], do by these Presents, on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, contract and agree to purchase and buy of E. F. of

; and the faid

E. F. doth for himself [and if at Guardian, Trujlee, or acting for any other Person, then fate the CharaBer in which he aBt] contract and agree to fell and dispose of unto His said Majesty, his Heirs and

Succeffors,

C* 12 r•

$24

53° GEO. III.

AJXiftij.

Succeffors, All [deferibe the Parcel*], of all which Premilct the hid [here name the Person feifed] is now seised in Fee Simple [er\f for any other EJlate, deferibe it], free from any Incumbrance whatever [or if fubjeS to any Incumbrance*, Jlate and except them], at or for the Price or Sum of

[here add any fpeeial Forms. Term* or Provifion* respecting tie Payment, or any Covenant* or Engagement* refp*3ing the Title or Tttlt Deed* which may be requisite or agreed upon.] In Witnefs whereof the said A. E. C. D. and E. F. hare hereunto fet their Hands and Seals this	Day	of	in	the Year of oar

Lord

(B.)

FORM of Conveyance by the Commtffioner*. 'J'HESE are to witness, That in Confederation of the Sum of

paid by X• T. to the Commiffiooen of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues^ for and on account of His Majesty, A* B. and C. D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treaiury; do, for and on the behalf of His said Majesty, by these Prefeuts grant, bargain and fell unto the said A. B. his Heirs and Afsigns, AU [deferibe the Premifet fold]. To have and to hold the laid Premifes hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Ufe of the said A. B. his Heirs and Affigw for ever. In Witnefs whereof the said A. B. C. D• and X. T. bare hereunto fet their Hands and Seals this	Dsj of

in the Year of	our	Lord

(C.)

FORM of a Deed for an Exchange of Freehold Land* BE it known, That A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commiffionm of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized bv the Lords Commissioners of His Majtfty’i Treasury in Exercife of the Powers veiled in them by an A & [ben insert the Title of thi* A3], do by these Presents, on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, give, grant and convey to X T, his Heirs and Afsigns, All [deferibe the Premifet], in Exchange for the Premifes hereinafter granted by the said A. T. ; and the fad

X.	T. doth by these Presents, for himself and his Heirs, by the Dire&ion of the said Commissioners of His Majcfty’i Woodi, Forefts and Land Revenues, give, grant and conver unto Hit said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, All [deferibe toe Premifet], in Exchange for the laid Premifes hereinbefore granted by the laid A. B. and C. D. : Provided always, that if His said Majesty, bit Heirs or Succeffors, or the said X. T. his Heirs or Afsigns, shall at any time without their respective wilful Default be prided of the fame Premifes hereby respectively given, granted and conveyed to him or them respectively as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties so evicted to enter into the Premifes cootraded by him to be given in Exchange as aforesaid, and to bold and enjoy the fame in his or their former Eslate, in the fame manner as if the

Exchange

boodle

C.I2I.

5*5

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.

Exchange hereby made had not been made. In Witnefs whereof the said A. B. C. D. and X. T. have hereunto fet their Hands and Seals tbit	Day	of	in	the	Year	of	our

Lord

(D.)

FORM of Deedfor an Exchange of Leafehold Premifet.

T>E it known, That A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’» Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Exercife of the Powers vetted in them by an Ad, intituled [here hmfert the Title of tbit A8]> do by tbefe Presents, on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, give, grant and demise unto XT. his Executors, Adminiftrators and Aligns, for the Term of Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of these Presents, All [<defcrihe the Premifet,J in Exchange for the Premifes hereinafter granted by the said X. T.; and the said X, T. doth by these Presents, for himself, his Executors and Adminiftrators, and by the Dire&ion of the said Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, give, grant and furrenaer to His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, All £defcrib* the Premifet], which are now vetted in him the said X. T. under a Leafe from	dated	the	Day	of

for a Term of Years of which Years are yet to come and unexpired, in Exchange for the laid Premifes hereinbefore to him granted by the said Commifiioners* In Witnefs whereof the said A. B. C. D. and X. T. have hereunto fet their Hands and Seals this	Day	of	in	the

Year of our Lord

(E.)

FORM of Leaft.

THIS INDENTURE, mad* the	Day of

in the Year of Our Lord	,

Between A, B. and C. D, Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues of the one Part, and X. T. of

of the other Part; Witnefieth, That in Confideration of the annual Rent hereinafter reserved, and of the Covenants, Conditions, Provifoes and Agreements hereinafter contained, on the part of the (aid X. T. his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, to be paid, observed, performed and kept, the said A. B. and C. D. Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, by virtue and in exercise of the Powers and Authorities in them vetted in and by an A&, intituled {here fet forth the Title of thie A8] 9 have, for and on behalf of His said Majesty, granted', demised, leafed and to farm letten, and by these Prelents do grant, demise, lease and to farm let, unto the said X. T. his Executors, Ad-miniftrators and Afiigns, AM [deferibe the PremifetT, To have and to hold the said Mefliiage or Tenement [or other Premifes] hereby demised with the Appurtenances unto him the laid X• T. his Executors, Adminiftrators or Aligns, from the

Day

C. I2J, 122.

5*6

53° GEO. III.

AJD.iSij.

Day of	[or	from	the Date of these Presenti, at tlx

case may be,] for and during and unto the full End and Term of

Years from thence next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended: Yielding and paying therefore Yearly and every Year, unto the Commiffioner? for the time being of His Majefty’s Woodi, Forefts and Land Revenues, the yearly Rent or Sum of

(by Half-yearly or Quarterly Payments! : [And a Covenant to be inierted for Payment of the Rent, and all such other Covenants, Penalties, Provifoes, Reflriftions and Ageements as shall be agreed upon between the approving and contrafting Parties:] In Witnefs whereof the said Parties have hereunto interchangeably fet their Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above written.

CAP. CXXII.

51 G. 3. c. 67. Deed 16th Feb. 1813.

Letters Patent 25th Feb.

53O.3.

An A£t for confirming the Renunciation made by Sperntr Perceval Efquire of liis Penfions on his taking the Office of a Teller of the-Exchequer.	[10th July 1813.]

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince Regent ra the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, having been pleased * to (ignify His Pleafure to appoint Spencer Perceval Esquire, Son of 4 the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval deceased, to the Office 4 of One of the Tellers of His Majefty’s Exchequer, vacant by the 4 Death of the late Marquis of Buckingham, upon Condition of hu 4 renouncing the Benefit of an Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per 4 Annum which might eventually become payable to him, and also the 4 Benefit of an Annuity of One thousand Poundsper Annum payable 4 to him, until the said Annuity of Two thousand Pounds should 4 become payable, which Annuities were secured to him or for his 4 Benefit as the eldest Son and Heir Male of the Body of the said 4 Right Honourable Spencer Perceval deceased, by an Aft of Par* 4 liament passed for that and other Purpofes in the Fifty second Year 4 of His Majefty’t Reign : And whereas by a certain Inftrutnent in 4 Writing, dated the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year of 4 Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in Confi* 4 deration of such Appointment, and in Conformity to His Royal 4 Highnefs’s Pleasure, the said Spencer Perceval (the Son) did wih 4 the Privity and Approbation of the Honourable Jane Perceval his 4 Mother and Guardian, relinquish and give up all Benefit of the {aid 4 Two Annuities respectively, from the time of hit Appointment to 4 the said Office, and during so long time as he should receive the 4 Benefit thereof; and did thereby direct that the (aid Annuity of 4 One thousand Pounds then payable, should not be received or 4 demanded for his Benefit from the time of such Appointment, snd 4 so long as he should hold the said Office, and that in case the Cud 4 Annuity of Two thousand Pounds should become payable to him or 4 for his Benefit, the fame should not be received or demanded, but 4 that such Annuities respectively should cease to be payable wheo 4 and so long as he should enjoy the said Office either to himself or 4 for his Benefit: And whereas His Majesty did by Letters Psteot 4 on the Fifteenth Day of February last, in the Fifty third Year of 4 His Reign, give and grant unto the said Spencer Perceval the Office 4 of One of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer of 4 Hit Majesty, in the room of the Marquia of Buckingham lately

4 deceased;

5*7

A.D.1813.	53°GE0. III. .	C.122,	123.

*	deceafed : And whereas the said Spencer Perceval (the Son) was c under the Age of Twenty one Years at the time of making fuch

*	Writing or Inftrument of Renunciation, and still is under fuch

*	Age ; and it may therefore be doubtful whether the fame would be

*	valid and effectual for the Purpofe proposed to be answered thereby Now, for removing such Doubts and rendering valid such Renuncia-tions May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted and declared by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Writing, Inftrument Inftromtnt of and Renunciation, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Spencer R*nuncut>onof. Perceval the Son, at the time of making the fame, is and shall be as tieV executed W good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said spencer Perce-Spencer Perceval had been of the full Age of Twenty one Years at val Efq. a

tne time of making the fame, and that the Grant of the said Office to Minor, con-the said Spencer Perceval shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all firracd‘

Intents and Purposes, as the fame would have been if the said Spencer Perceval had been of the full Age of Twenty one Years at the time of making the said Writing, Inftrument and Renunciation.

CAP. CXXHI.

An Aft to amend and render more effectual several Afts passed . for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

[12th July 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provilions of 1 W the several Ads passed and now in force for the Redemp-

*	tion and Sale of the Land Tax should be altered and amended, and ‘ that further Provifions ffiould be made for facilitating the Redemp-

*	tion and Sale thereof ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever His When present Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in pursuance of certain Powers Commifficns veiled in His Majesty, by an Ad passed in the Forty second Year determine, of His Reign, for consolidating the Provifions of the several Ads

paffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one A3, ffiall Taxes shall be revoke all or any of the several Commiffions granted by Warrant Commifikmcie under the Royal Sign Manual, which authorize the Persons therein for Sale of itfpedively named to be Commissioners for the Purpofe of felling X-andTax. the Laud Tax from time to time remaining unredeemed or unfold in 4* G. 3. cn6» Great Britain, or the said Commissioners or any of them shall otherwise cease and determine, then and from thenceforth, and until Hit Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, ffiall by Warrant under His Majefty's Royal Sign Manual grant other Commiffions to any other Persons whom His Majesty may think fit for the Purpofe of redeeming or felling the Land Tax, and during the Diicontinuance of such Commissions, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for thp time being ffiall have and be invested with, and ffiall exercjfe such and the like Powers and Authorities in relation to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, as by the said Aft, or by any other Ad passed for rendering the Redemption and Sale 0/ the Land Tax more effectual, .or by this Aft^ are given to and yelled in* the

feveral

J2*

Two of Com. Bitffioners may

•a.

Preference in Redemption of JLaud T« by 4* O. 3. C.X16. |u. 6x. to Persons in PoflTeifion, to •safe.

Bodier Politic, Ire. may con-trad for Redemption of Land Tax.

Confideration for Redemption of Land Tax, whether in Stock or Money] transferred or paid by Half-yearly Inftal-menu, he.

C. 123.	53»	GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

several Perfont appointed Commissioners under the Royal Sign Manual, or to be appointed Commissioners for executing the find Ads and this Ad; and any Two or more of the Commimoners for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being may, during such Dif-continuance, do and execute any Ad, matter or Thing which by this Ad such Commissioners are authorized and empowered to do.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Prorifioot contained in the said Ad of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and other Persons therein mentioned, who shall be in the actual Poffeffion of, or immediately entitled to the . Rents and Profits of any Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged, and the Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians or Trustees of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, are by such Powers and Provifions enabled to contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in Preference to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies or Persons having any Eftate or Intereft in Remainder or Reverfion or Expedancy, or being Subftitute Heirs of Entail in the feme Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall cease and determine ; And that, from and after the passing of this Ad all and every of the Bodies Politic or Corporate, Companies and Persons aforesaid, may and they are hereby authorized to contract for and to redeem such Land Tax without Preference to any of them otherwise than by Priority of Contrad; and all such of the Powers and Provifions contained in the {aid Ad as apply to the Redemption of the Land Tax by them respectively, shall bt coo* ftrued and expounded in the fame manner as if no such Benefit of Priority or Preference in the Redemption of Land Tax had been thereby given.

III.	And be it further enacted, That upon all Contrads to be entered into after the passing of this Ad for the Redemption of any Land Tax in Great Britain, the Confideration for the fame, whether in Stock or in Money, may be stipulated to be transferred or paid in equal Sums by Half-yearly Inftalments in each Yetr, during the Period stipulated for the Transfer or Payment thereof, is near as the fame can be computed ; that is to fay, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March, in each Year of Affeffment of the Land Tax ; and upon all Contrads to be so entered into, the Confideration may be stipulated to be paid wholly in Money (whatever may be the Amount of the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed); and the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Confideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax may in such cases either be calculated, fettled and ascertained, according to and in the manner directed by the Ads io force at the time of raffing this Ad, or according to tne Prorifioss contained in this Ad ; and every such Contrad, where the Coofi-deration shall be in Stock, to be ascertained according to the said Ads in force at the time of passing this Ad, shall be made in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked [A. No. i/J ; and where the Confideration shall be in Money, to be ascertained according to the said Ads, such Contrad shall be made in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad, marked

[A, No. *•] i

A.D.f8i3*	J3«GE0.IIL	0.113.

L A. No. 2.] ; and where the Confideration shall be in Money, to be ascertained according to the Provifions of this Ad and the Rules herein contained, such Contrad shall be made in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad, marked [B.j, except in the cases hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in every Contrad to be en- Confidential tered into, after the passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful to stipulate rtipuUted to be for the Transfer or Payment of the Confideration within any Period not exceeding Sixteen Years as the Parties shall choose, to be com-

{uted from the Twenty fifth Day of March next preceding the sixteen Yea-s;

)ate of the Contrad, by even and equal Sums in each Year, as Period! regu- * near as the fame can be computed ; provided that the Stock to be hted by Amount transferred within any Year (hail not be less than One hundred Pounds of Confidential, Principal Stock, nor the Money to be paid within any Year less than &c"

Sixty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain $ the Duration of the Contrad to be in each case regulated by the Amount of the Confideration thereon ; and where tne Confideration shall hot amount to One hundred Pounds Stock, or to Sixty Pounds of like lawful Money, the fame shall be transferred or paid within One Year from the Date of the Contrad. in One Sum, or by Two equal Inftalments, aa shall be specified in the Contrad, except in the cases hereinafter authorised.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in evet-y Confideration Contrad entered into after the passing of this Ad, and before the for Meffuages Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four* teen, according to the Aflefiment of Land Tax made or to be made one^ourthrf for the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Da/of March One *D Acft,Uow thoufaod eight hundred and thirteen, for the Redemption of Land calculated.

Tax charged on any Mefluages, Tenements or other Buildings, without any Lands or Grounds held therewith, or on any MefTuagefc,

Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands, confimng wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or encloted Gardens, held,

Occupied and charged together with such Mefluages, Tenements or ^Buildings, where the Land whereon the said Mefluages or Buildings shall (land, and of which the said Yards, Courts, Curtilages and en-dofed Gardens shall consist, shall not exceed in the whole One Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it shall be lawful to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax, for a Confideration in Money, equal in Amount to Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax io Contracted to be redeemed, to be paid in one entire Sum, within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Contrad * and every such Contrad shall be made in the Form, and the Confideration thereof shall be paid according to the Rules specified in the Schedule to this Ad, marked [C.].

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in every Contrad to be Inwhttcj&a entered into after the passing of this Ad, where the Bodies, Com-names or other Persons, who, by the said Ad of the Forty fecond	or«-

Year of His present Majesty, or this Ad, are authorized to contrad	t0’Rent,

for the Redemption of Land Tax, shall be in the actual Pofleffion mtj contra# f<* of the Tenements or other Hereditaments, or shall be entitled to Redonpcioi of deceive the Rents and Profits payable in respect thereof from the Land Tbl Tenant or Tenants in actual Pofleffion holding immediately under such Bodies, Companies or Persons refjpedively, and the Land Tax tkarged on such Manors, Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements or Heredi-53 Gio. III.	M	m	taments.

JS«

Mo Contrail for Redemption charged on Tenements, fcc. at not coo filling of more than One Fourth of an Acre, unless certain Affidavits exhibited.

C- uj.	53*	GEO.	Ill*	AD.1813

laments, (haH not exceed the Annual Sum of Ten Pounds, it (bill he lawful to contrail and agree, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouund eight hundred and fisteen, on the Amount of Land Tax charged thereon as assessed in the Afieffincot, made or to be made for either of the Years commencing on the Twenty sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or on the Twenty sixth Day of March Ooe thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Redemption of such Land Tax by way of an additional Affeffroent of Land Tax, by Payment of an Annual Sum, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so proposed to be redeemed for and during the Term of Eighteen Years certain, or until all such additional AfTefTments, being placed to one Accounts! hereinafter is mentioned, together with the accruing Dividends thereon, shall have purchased so much Principal Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as shall produce an Annual Interefl or Dividend exceeding the Amount of Land Tax redeemed by One Tenth Part thereof, from the Twenty fifth Day of March next preceding the Date of the Contrail, by Two equal Inflalments in esch Year, as near as the fame can be computed ; videlicet, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly ; and every such Contrail shall be made in the Form, and the Consideration thereof shall be paid according to the Rules specified in the Schedule to this AH annexed, marked [D. No. 1.] or [D. No. 2.3 -* Provided always, that after such Contrail shall bt entered into as aforesaid, and such additional Afteflment shall be made thereon, the Amount of Land Tax comprised in the Certiii* cate of such Contrail shall not be liable to be varied or altered, nor the said Tenements or Hereditaments fubjeH to any other or greater Charge by way of Land Tax than was aifelTed at the time of eo* tering into such Con trail.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That no Contrail shall be made for the Redemption of Land Tax charged on 117 Tenements or Hereditaments, as not confiding of more than Ose Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, on the Terras of Eighteen Years* Purchase, or for the Redemption of Land Tax by way of an additional Aflefiment on the Terms lad before mentioned, unless an Affidavit in Writing shall in each case be exhibited to the Commissioners for executing the fame Contrail, to be made before any Mailer Extraordinary in tne Court of Chancery, or a Commiflioner in One of th« Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in En^lani, or before feme Person authorized to take Affidavits in the Court of Seffions in lVales% or in the Courts of Seffions or Judiciary in Scotland, /hewing to the Satufallion of the said Commissioners in the cases of redeeming such Land Tax at Eighteen Years’ Purchase, the Parti, culars of which the Pnemifes on which the Land Tax intended to be redeemed shall confid, and that the fame are of the Quality, asd donut contain above the Admeafuremeut before described; oris cases of redeeming Land Tax by an additional A ffeffment, (hewiug te the SatisfaHion of the said Commissioners that the Party offensg to contrail is authorized so to do, and is either in the actual Poi&flioi of the Tenements or other Hereditaments, or entitled to tjie Rents and Profits thereof from the Tenant or Tenants in the aHua) Poflefr Aon thereof, in the manner before required in such cases.

a	VIII.	Aid

AD.i*!j.	J3*	GEO.	in.	Ci*3*	jji

Till. And be it further eroded, That whenever any Contimft No Forfeiture stall be made for the Payment of the Confederation for the Redemp- £ accrue, if tion of any Land Tax in Money to the Receiver General in England, or Colledor of the Cefs in Scotland, by Two In Raiments, yearly, os ne3Ct puwic or before the Days herein mentioned, and it shall happen that the Receipt of Land Receiver General of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, or the Tax.

ColJe&or of the Cefs for the Shire, Divifion or Place, fail not be on his Receipt of Land Tax within the fame County, Riding,

Shire, Divifion or Place, on the Day when the Payment shall become due, no Forfeiture, Charge of Interect, or other Loft fall accrue by virtue of the said Ad or this Ad, if the Party contracting for focn Payment shall pay or cause to be paid the Amount then due on such Contrad, on the Day appointed Tor the then next Receipt of Land Tax for that County, Riding, Shire, Divifion or Place, where the said Receiver General or CoQedor fall attend for the Receipt of Land Tax.

IX.	And be it further eoacted, That the Commiflioners for the CoumUGoowe Affairs of Taxes fall, as soon after the palling of this Ad as con- Tax#* tocir-veiriently can be done for the present Year, and the Commiflioners rfN^ices for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being, shall in every succeeding Df rarious Year, at such times as the AfTelTcd Tax Notices shall be circulated. Modes of Re-caufe to be prepared, and the Commiflioners acting in the Execution demption of of the Land Tax Ad in their respective Divifions and Places, or band T‘ax, wd their respective Clerks, shall cause to be delivered to every Body, Seclarationfoc Company or Person charged with any Land Tax, or upon the Pro- to fifn. mises so charged, throughout Great Britain, in such Forms as the said Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes fall think fit to adopt,

proper Notices, specifying the various Modes and Terms by and upon which Contrads for the Redemption of the Land Tax are by this Ad, or by any prior Ad passed and now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, authorized to be entered into, together with a Form, to be filled up by the Bodies, Companies or .Persons desirous of redeeming their Land Tax, by which rthey may declare their Intention so to do, and the Mode and Terms by and Upon which they shall be desirous of redeeming the Came.

X.	And be it further enacted. That the Commiflioners of the Land c!!fkto Tax for the Divifion or Place, in cases where the Manors, Meflhagm, Land Tax 'in Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged upon which England, and shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall be fitoate in England, or* their Supply in $$ot-; Clerk, and the Surveyor of the Diftrietwhere the Manors, MefTu- land,to4«KM^ ages. Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged upon ^*?** ?****” which shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall be situate in Scotland,

shall, upon the Reqoeft of any Bodies, Companies or Persons, to- LsMXuk titled to redeem such Land Tax, or of their respective Agents,

. make out and deliver to such Bodies, Companies or rerfons, or their refytt&ive Agents, Certificates signed by such CormnilflooerB, or fair Clerk or Surveyor, of the Amount of the Land Tax proposed tobe redeemed, which Certificates fall contain the Defcription of,the 'Premises, and the Names of the refpefHve Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the Parifh or Place where the fame shall be situate, .as Pmydeffroos the) fame appear upon the Laud Tax Afleffment theu in force 5 and ofeemrtrtwe, 'the'(aid Bodies, Companies, or other Persons, desirous of redeeming filch Land Tax, may declare their Intention of redeeming the: feme,

**d the Mode and Terms of Redemption proposed by them, by <igning pri„tid

Mm*	filling	Declaration,

C.I13-

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Declaration at-tcsted, and transmitted with Duplicate of Certificate to Cora-mtffionera.

On Receipt whereof, Com-naMBoaen to Ip Certificate ef Contrad for Redemptknw

Dtftind Accounts kept by Receivers Qesie-nal of Sums received wnAc-count of Redemption and Sale of Land Tax; and Amount paid into Bank to Account of Cornmifikmerv for Nation*)

filling up and signing, by themselves, or by fotne Ascot on their Be* half, in the Pretence of the fiud Cocnmiffiooers, or their Clerk, or of the laid Surveyor, as the case may require, the Forma of Declaration annexed to the Notice* hereby required to be circulated, in fuck manner aa to declare the Mode and Terms under which they are willing to redeem the Land Tax so certified.

XL And be h further enacted, That the Commiffionera? or their Clerk or Surveyor, shall attest such Signature, and forthwith transmit every such Declaration, together with a Duplicate of the Certificate of the Amount of the Land Tax (to be signed by them or him, and to be annexed to such Declaration), to the Commiffionera for the time being, acting in the Execution of. the said Ada and thia Ad.

XII* And be it further enacted, That the Commiffionera for executing the said Ada and thia Ad, shall, upon the Receipt of any such Declaration, and of a Copy of such Certificate aa aforesaid, make out and sign a Certificate of Contrad with the Parties by or 00 whose Behalf such Declaration shall be signed, for the Redemption of the Land Tax therein mentioned, according to such Form aa shall be applicableAo the Mode and Terma of Redemption to which such Dc claration so signed aa afbrqfaid shall refer; which Contrad so entered into (haQ be binding upon the Body or Bodies, Company or Companies, or Person or Perfona signing such Declaration, their refpec-tive Succefiors, Heirs and Afiigns, and all Owners of the Lands whereon the Land Tax intended to have been redeemed, shall be charged for the Completion of such Contrad; and the said last mentioned Commiffionera shall, in all cases where an Affeffment it required by thia Ad to be made for the Payment of the Confideration, transmit an Abftrad of so much thereof aa shall be necefiary for the Purpofe of forming an Aflefiment according to the Diredions of this Ad, to the CommifIioner8 of Land Tax or Supply in whose Divifion the Laad Tax contracted for is charged, which AfTefiment shall be made according to the Rules contained in the Schedule to this Ad applicable to such Contract; and in all cases where an Afieflment it not requited for the Purpofe aforesaid, the (aid Commiffionera for executing the said Ads and this Ad, shall notify their Confent to such Contrad, to the respective contracting Parties, as soon as the fame can conveniently be done, and transmit (uch Abfirad thereof aa may be necefiary to ascertain the Amount of Stock to be transferred, or of Money to be paid, previous to the Regiftry of such Contrad.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That all Colledors of Land Tax within England^ to whom any Money shall be paid pursuant to the Diredions of thia Ad, on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax by an additional Afleflinent, shall pay over the fame to the Receivers General of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, within which the Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax so redeemed, shall be fitoate, or their Deputies, at such timet and in fnch manner as the Land Tax shall be payable; and the Receivers General ia England shall keep difiind Accounts of all Monies so paid to then by such Colledors for or on Account of the Land Tax, and for or on Account of such additional Afiefimenta, and alio of all such other Monies aa shall be received by such Receivers General on Account of the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, difibguifliiog the several Schedules under which the fame ^bave been received, and the Year and Date of entering into the Cootimd; and the CoUe&onia

13	Mmd

A«D.i8i3'’	5^GEO. III.	C.123;	JJ3'

Scotland shall keep in like manner distinct Accounts of’fuck Land *

Tax and additional Affeflinents, and of all Sums of Money received by them respectively on Account of the Redemption or Sale of the lland Tax, and shall pay the fame to the Receiver General distinctly under such Accounts; and such Receivers General respectively shall 1	'

from time to time pay the said Monies received by them respectively • for or on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax, or the full Amount paid or to be paid upon such Contracts, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, as Occafion shall require, for the Completion of such Contracts, or any Inftalments thereon, and as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct, into the Bank of England; r and thereupon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to place the fame to the Account of the Com-mi (Boners for the Redudion of the National Debt, under distinct Heads of Account, as well with relation to the Date of the Contrad as to the Schedule of this Ad, according to which the Contrad was made, and the County wherein the Land Tax shall have been charged, entering the Contrads made in each Year, ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, in separate Books of Account; and the laid Commissioners for the Redudion of the National Debt shall cause all the Monies so placed to their Account to be from time to time in-vefted in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities in their Names, and placed to the like Accounts: Provided that Provifo.

all Sums of Money which shall be advanced by such Receivers * -............

General out of any Public Monies in their Hanas, in pursuance of this Ad, for the Completion of any such Contrads as aforesaid, or any Inffahnent thereof, shall be from time to time replaced by and out of the Monies so contracted to be paid on Account of the Redemption or Sale of such Land Tax.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Intereft and Dividends Intmft and • from time to time to arise from Stock transferred to or purchafed

by the Commiflioners for the Redudion of the Natioual Debt, in pursuance of Contrads entered into in the Forms contained in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) of this Ad, shall, as the lame arise or grow due, cease to be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain ; and the Intereft and Dividends from time to time to arise from Stock purchased by the said Comtaiffioners, in pursuance of Contrads entered into in the Forms contained in the Schedules marked (C.l and (D.) of this Ad, or from Dividends of Stock before purenafed on the fame Account, shall be from time to time paid into the Bank of Englandf and placed to the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, under the fame Heads of Account respectively as the Stock in respect of which such Intereft and Dividends arose shall be placed.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Acetunnfotins

the Redudion of the National Debt shall from time to time cause Intereft in casts all such Intereft and Dividends as shall be so placed to their Account,	.

to be invested in the Purchafe of the like Bank Annuities, to ac- ded^Pxinciptl cumulate in the Nature of Compound Intereft in Aid of the Stock stock, purchased, by Payments on Account of Additional Affeffinents, and

lor the Benefit of the Parties entering into the said Contracts, towards the Completion of the fame, untu such several Bank Annuities shall together yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount

Mm3	of

5iA

Caftviert of Bank to roceive Moneytendursd.

fnfpofion and Surveyors for Affeflcd Taxes to hive Power to infpe& Land Tax Affair-menu, &c. and take Copies.

Ohftni£tin$ In-fpe&ojr, See.

Penalty.

Colleton allowed 3-!. in the Pound on Receipts.

Receivers General and Clerks

to Commiflion-ers to have such Allowance for Trouble aa Commiffroners for Taxes, with Concurrence of Treasury, shall think reafooable.

C.123.	S39 GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

of the Land Tax redeemed by One Tenth Part thereof; and the Intercft or Dividends thereafter anting shall cease to be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Coofahdated Fund of Great Britain.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Cafhiers of the Bank are hereby required from time to time to receive all such Monies as are hereby directed to be paid into the Bank, when tendered at the Bank 5 and the Receipt of such Cafhiers, or any one of them, shall be a full and fufficieat Difcharge to the Person or Persons paying such Monies into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Infpe&ors andSm*. veyors for executing the several Ads relating to the Aflefled Taxes fhail have Power and Authority, under the Dire&ion of the Com-milHoners for the Affairs of Taxes, to infped the several Land Tax Affeflrnents, and the AfTeflments to be made under the Authority of this A6t, and all Contracts, Books and Papers relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, in the Cuflody or PoffefEon of any Person whatever 5 and shall have Power and Authority to make Copies of or Extrads from such Afleffments, Books and Papers, or any of them; and the several Clerks to the Commiflioners of Land Tax or Supply, and the said Collectors of Land Tax in Great Britain are hereby required, on Demand, to produce such Books and Papers to such Inlpe&ors and Surveyors respectively, and to permit them to make Copies of or Extrads from the fame, as they mail think fit; and if any Person fhail obstruct any Infpe&or or Surveyor acting in the Execution of this Ad, or shall withhold any Affeflment, Coutrad, Book or Paper relating to any Affeflment of Land Tax, or any AfTeflment made under the Authority of this Ad# he shall forfet and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied in such manner and Form as any Penalty may be recovered or levied by any Law relating to the Redemption of Land Tax in fora at the time of palling this Ad.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That the several Colledon who shall duly collect the said additional Affeflrnents, and pay the fame to the Receivers General at the times specified in the Schedule to this Ad, shall be allowed, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General (except the Monies paid in respect of such additional AfTeffments,) after the Rate of Three pence in the Ponod on the Amount by them received and paid, of the Monies arising by additional AfTeflments under this Ad ; which Sums shall be paid yearly by the Receivers General on receiving the full Sums con. tained in the said additional AfTeflments of each Year; which Sums so paid, fhail be allowed to the Receivers General in their rcfpc&m Accounts.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the several Receivers General, and the several Clerks to the respective Comraiflfonrrs for the time being, a&ine in the Execution of the Land Tax Ad, who shall punctually and faithfully execute the Powers veiled in: tkem, and perform the several Matters and Things required of them by this Ad, shall and may, upon Application by them to the Commissioners for the Affairs for Taxes, be severally and respectively allowed such Sums of Money, annually or otherwise, during the Continuance of this Ad, as a Compenfation for their Trouble so the Difckargeof the Duties imputed upon them respectively by this Ad, as the faid

Coramif-

A.IXiffij'	$3*GEO. III.	C.X23-	53g

Comsoiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Concurrence and under the Sandioo of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable and proper; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’t Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to order and direct the Sum or Sums of Money so allowed, to be issued and paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the fa id reipedive Receivers General; all which Payments the said Receivers General shall be allowed in their respective Accounts.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Commissioners for the time being, a£tinr in the Execution of this

Ad, to contract with any Bodies or Companies, or odier Perfona according0!? 011 desirous of redeeming any Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions Atfeflment of of this Ad, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, at any time after preceding Year, the Twenty fifth Day of March, until the Affcdment of the fubfe-ouent and then current Year shall be made and signed, according to the Adedment of such Land Tax for the preceding Year; any thing in any prior Adi relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, that if it	^^Tax

shall afterwards appear to the said Commissioners, by the Adedment of Land Tax for the current Year, that the Amount of the Land commissioners Tax charged upon the said Manors, Tenements or other Heredita- may amend meats, comprized in the Certificate of any such Contradt for Redemp- Contract, or ea-tion, hath been altered, it shall be lawful for such Commiffioner* teHntofrelh and they are hereby required either to amend such Contradi, or to ContM<*# refeind the fame, and to enter into a new Contradi for the Redemption of the Land Tax which shall he then charged upon the said Manors or other Hereditaments, according to such Terms or mode of Redemption as shall be specified or referred to in the original Contrad.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for If after entering executing the Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, or if at Comr*a any time after the Commifiioaerg acting in the Execution of the (aid' f^atl appear** Ads and this Ad, shall have contracted for the Redemption of any that there 1* any Land Tax, and whether the whole of the Stock or Money transfer- Error, Commif-rable or payable as the Confideration for such Redemption shall have Cotters may beenvtransferred or paid or not, there shall appear to the said Com- amend it, or miffiooers for executing this Ad to be any Error in the Certificate

of such Contrad, or m the Description of the Premises, or in tbo Names of the Parties contracting, either in the Contrad or in any'

Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant of Tenements or Hereditaments'

(bid, mortgaged or granted in pursuance of the said Ads or thin Ad, or in any Entry, Account or Memorial of the fame, it shall be lawful for such Conunilfioners, and they are hereby required, either to amend such Contrad or to refeind the fame, and to enter into a' new Contrad for the Redemption of the Land Tax intended to be redeemed by such original Contrad ; and in every such case it shall he' lawful for the said Commissioners either to amend any Indorfement on the Certificate of such Contrad, or where, a new Contrad (hall' have been entered into, to indorse on the Certificate of any such new Contrad, a true Copy of any Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificate* indorfod on the original Certificate of the Contrad, whether given by any Caffiier or Cafhtert of the Bank of JfagJand, or by any Receiver or Receivers General, or Colledor of Land Tax in England* or Collector in Scotland, for the Cunfiderations or any (art thereof that shall have been actually transferred or paid on fuefi

hi m 4	original

S36.

C.I23.

53 GEO. IIL

A.D. 1813^

Clerks to Com-miffioners of ' Lapd Tax or Supply nagleA-m% Duty.

original Contract; aad it shall be lawful for' the 'Commiffioneii far the Affairs of Taxes to make such Orders and give such Diredioos as they shall think proper, for the Transfer of Stock, or the Pay. ment of Money, in addition to any Stock or Money that may hate been previously transferred or paid, or for the Retransfer of Stock, our the Repayment of Money in Diminution of any Stock transferred or Money paid, as shall be necessary to complete the Inftaknents of Stock or Money transferable or payable on such amended or new Contract, as alio for the Amendment of any Entry, Account or Memorial as shall be necessary in pursuance thereof; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the several Receivers General and Colledors to whom the fame may respectively appertain, shall, upoo a, Certificate of such Error and of the Corrections thereof, or of what ought to be done for the Correction thereof, (igned by iny Three or more of the said Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby refpeCtively required to correCt and amend fuck Error, according to the Exigency of the case so certified.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk to the Commiflioners of Land Tax acting in and for any Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake or other Divifion in England, or any Clerk to the Commiflioners of Supply aCting in and for any County, Stew-artry, City or Bnrgh in Scotland, (nail refuse or negleCt to make out and aeliver any Copies of Affeffment of Land Tax to any Perion or Persons authorized by this Ad to demand the fame, or shall not permit the (ame to be taken by such Pcrfon or Persons within Six Days after such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to enter, on the Annual Affeffmeuts of Land Tax, an Account of the Sums of Money that may be payable as the Confideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, or shall refuse or neglect to do any other Aft hereby required to be done by Commiflioners of Land Tax or fay their Clerks respectively, then and in every such case every Clerk (0 offending shall, for every such Refufal or Negled, forfeit the Sam Penalty.	of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in such manner as Penalties

41 0.3. c. 1x6. imposed by the said Ad of the Forty second Year of His present f 189, Ice.	Majefty are by that Ad authorized to be recovered 5 and in case of

'	any such Refufal or Negled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for tfae

Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, either to suspend or totally to withhold from such Clerks respectively so offending the whole or any Part of such Allowance as l'uch Commiflioners are by this Ad authorized to make to such Clerks for their Trouble in the Execution of the Duties reposed in them by this Ad.

* XXIII. And whereas some Sales aud Conveyances nave been 1 made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or c Trullces for Charitable or other Public Purposes, to or in Troll *■ for other Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees

*	or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, of Manors « and other Hereditaments, for the Purpofc of redeeming Land

*	Tax ; but Doubts have arisen whether such Sales and Conveyances

<	are authorized by any of the Ads passed for the Redemption and

<	Sale of the Land Tax ; and it is expedient that the Validity of Salts mads by * Sales and Conveyances should be eftabli(hed Be it therefore eat Corporation farther enacted, That all such Sales and Conveyances as have been to another for so made as last mentioned, shall be as valid and effectual m all refpe&i,

and

C	e

A.D.ifri j.

53° GEO. IH.

C.ia#

m

redeeming Land Tax confirmed.

Corporation! enabled to fell Lands to other Corporations for railing Money to redeem or porchafeLand

and the Minor* dr bther Hereditaments so fold and conveyed shall be Imld and enjoyed by the Bodies and Companies) and Feoffees or TYuftees to wnom the fame hare been fold and conveyed) and by their vefpeftive Succeffors and Heirs and Aisigns, in such and in the fatae manner as if inch Bodies or Companies) or Feoffees or Trustees, had laboured under no legal Difability to purchase and bold such Manors or other Hereditaments.

XXIV. And) for obviating all Doubts as to the Power of Bodies 4* G. 3. c.nl. Politic or Corporate, or Companies) or Feoffees or Trofteet for Charitable or other Public Purposes, to fell Lands to other Bodies or Companies) or Feoffees or Trustees, for railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under the Powers and Authorities of the laid Aft of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any fnbfequent Aft palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Aft) be it enafted9 That) for the Purpofe of railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under such Powers or any of them, it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, and for all Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, but nevertheless with and under the Sanftion, Controul, Direftion and Authority of the Com-xniffioners for the time being acting in the Execution of the laid Aft of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, and of this Aft, by virtue of His Majefty’s Letters Patent, to fell, dispose of and convey unto any other Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purpoles, and their respective Succeffors, Heirs and Affigns (in such manner and under such Regulations, as near as may be, as are mentioned in the Hud Aft of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, with re-	c.xxfi.

lpe& to the Sale, Difpolition and Conveyance of Lands, fold by Bodies or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, for the Purpofe of redeeming any Land Tax), any of such Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to the Bodies or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, so desirous of railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, as such Bodies or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, are by the said Aft generally authorised to fell and dispose of for Redemption of any Lana Tax.

XXV.	And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Corporits Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, Bo?,e# who shall purchase any Manors or other Hereditaments under the Money^n Pur-Power lafUy herein contained, to apply any personal Property which chafe of Land*, now is or mall hereafter be invested m the Public Stocks or Funds, ibkl by other or any Legacies or voluntary Donations, or any other Truft Money, Corporate which by the laid Aft of the Forty second Year of His present J0-1** Makfty such Bodies and Companies and Feoffees or Trustees are 7^*°* authorized to lay out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or any Surw plus Stock or Money arisen or to arise by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any stich Bodies or Companies or Feoffees or Trustees, for redeeming their Land Tax, under tne Provifions of the said Aft of the Forty second Year of His prefeat Majesty, or 3. c u6, of any subsequent Aft palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Aft, in or towards the Purchafe of any Manors or other Hereditaments that shall be fold by any other Bodies or Companies or Feoffees or Trustees under the rower lastly herein contained j but where any such Perfonal Property shall be under the

Direftion

v^.

C. 123.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Sales already made of l.tnd belonging to On« of T wo confoli-dated Livings, for redeeming Land Tax on both Livings, confirmed; and similar Sales •■thortsed :

In case of Dif-union, Incumbent of Living, I,and of which has been fold entitled to a Kent Charge.

Patrons of Livings under Sequefiration, or where Incumbent i&Outlawed, |fiay redeem.

Di region or Centroul of aoy Court, the fame shall be so applied under the Dire&ioa and with the Approbation of fitch Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fmn-mary way.

4 XXVI. And whereas in some cases in which one Living hath 4 been united to and consolidated with another Living, Part of the 4 Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to one of such Livings 4 hath been fold for the Purpofe of redeeming the Land Tax charged 4 upon the Lands, Tidies and other Hereditaments of both of such 4 Livings; and it is expedient that such Sales fhouid be confirmed, 4 and that future Sales for the like Purpofe fhouid be authorised ; and • that due Provifion fhouid be made in the Event of the Difunioci of 4 such Livings ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That all such Sales as have been so made as laffc mentioned, and all Contra&s that have be^n entered into for any such Sales, shall be and the fame are hereby confirmed; and that all such Sales as shall hereafter be made of any Land or other Hereditaments belonging to any Living united to or consolidated with any other Living, tor the Purpofe of redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands and other Hereditaments belonging to both such Livings, shall be as valid and efie&oal as if the fame bad been made merely for redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Lands and other Hereditaments of the Living, any Land belonging to which shall be fb fold and as if such Living had not been united to or consolidated with any other Living: Bat that in case any consolidated Livings, the Land Tax charged upon which hath been so redeemed at aforesaid, or shall hereafter be redeemed, shall at any time hereafter become disunited and held hy different Incumbents, either by reason of the want of lawful Confect to the Union thereof, or from any other Cause, the Incumbent for the time being of the Living, by Sale of any Lands belonging to which such Land Tax hath been or shall be redeemed, shall be entitled te an annual Rent Charge iSuing out of the other of such Livings, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax charged therecur at tte time of such Redemption as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Profits of any Livings are or shall be under Sequeftratien (whether there shall or not be any Incumbent thereof), or awy Incumbents of any Livings are or shall be Outlawed, it shall be lawful for the Seauefoator of such Living, with the Content of the Coliege, Cathedral Church, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffee* or Truftee* for Charitable or other Public Purposes, or other Ptrfea or Persons, having the Patronage of such Livings refpe&ivety, and wiith the Content of the Ordinary, or it shall be lawful forfucb Patron or Patrons as aforesaid, with the Confent of the Ordinary, at any time during the Continuance of such Sequeftration, or until such Outlawry shall be reverted, to contract and agree* for the Benefit of such Living, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Land* Tithes or other Profits of any such Living, and to provide for such 1 Redemption by Sale or Mbrtgage of aoy of the Glebe Lands, Tithes or othpr Hereditaments- belonging to such Living, or by Grant of auy Rent Charge thereout* in fiich and the fame manner in all refpc&s at any Incumbent of such Living could or might have done under the Provifions of the said Ad of the Forty {acond Year of Hir pretest Majctey, in cafo the Proilsof such Living

W

v^.

5»

AJ).i8i3.	53PGECMI?.	C.U3.

or liviogs had not been fequeftmd, or such Incumbent or locum* beats bad not beta Outlawed.

XXVII I. And be it further enacted and declared, That whore any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trufteea for Charitable or other Public Purposes, or any other Person or Persons, who by the said Ad of the Forty second Year of His prrfent Majeffcy, or this Ad, are authorized to redeem the Land Tax charged upon Livings in their Patronage, shall be entitled to «ui alternate Right of Patronage to any Living or Livings* the Land Tax charged upon which (half not have been redeemed by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, it shall be lawful for the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, or other Person or Persons entitled to any such alternate Right of Patronage, who shall first apply to the Commiflioners for executing this Ad for that Purpose, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lauds, Tithes or other Profits of such Living or Livings, in the fame manner as such Bodies, Companies or other Persons so applying, if entitled to the exclusive Patronage to such Living, might have contracted to redeem the fame under the Frovifions of the said Ad of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty; and it shall be lawful for all such Bodies, Companies or other Persons to provide for such Redemption by Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to them respectively, or by the Grant of any Rent Charge thereout, as they respectively could or might lawfully make under the said Ad of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belong-iogto them respectively; and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be forthwith extinguished; but every such Body, Company or other Person or t>er£ ns by whom or on whose Behalf such Land Tax shall be so redeemed, and their respective Heirs and SuccefTors, shall peverthelefs be entitled to an annual Rent Charge issuing out of such Living, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed; unless it (hill be declared in Writing under the Common Seal, or Seal of the Bodies or Companies, or their respective Succefibre, or under the Hands of such other Person or Persons, or their respective Heirs, at the time of presenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be fufpeoded during his or their Incumbency or respective Incumbencies; which Declaration the Bodies or Companies, or other Person or Persons for the time being entitled to nominate to such Living or Livings, shall front time to tune be competent to make: Provided always, that such Suf-penfioa shall be without Prejudice to the Right of such Bodies or Companies, or other Persons, and their respective Heirs and Sue-cefiors, to recover such Rent Charge after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided also, that any Declaration made by such Bodies or Companies, or other Person or Persons at the time of redeeming such Land Tax shall be as available during the Incumbency of the then Redor, Vicar or Curate, as if it had been made at the time of hi3 being presented tp such Living.

4 XXIX. And whereas by an Ad patfe^ in the Forty fifth Year 4 of His present Majesty, to apiend and render more efiedual the 4 find Ad of the Forty second Year of Hi* present Mawfty, it was \ enacted; That where die Land T«x charged upon the (zlebe Leads,

4 Tithes

Patron, of Liviogs having an alternate Right of Pre-fentation, may contrail for Redemption of Land Tax thereon not redeemed by In-* cumbents.

45O.3. c-77-

5 »•

54°n

Tnoumtarts of Livings, Land T« charted on which redeemed^ Itc. by prior Incumbent, kcr may, after pur-chafing an Af-fgnment of Land Tax, raise Money by Sale, *c. of Glebe, to re-imburfe hlfnftlC

di 23.	53°	GEO. UL'	AJLiItj.

*	Tithes or other Profit! of any Luring, {hould have been or (honldbe ‘ redeemed or purchased by the Patron or Patrons, or any former

*	Incombent thereof, or by any other Ferfon or Persons, k should be 4 lawful for the Incumbent for the time being of such Living, to trot

*	and agree for the Purchase of an Afiignment of such Land Tn c for the Benefit of such Living; and for the Purpofe of railing

*	Money to purchase such Afiignment to carry into Execution the

*	Powers which by the said A & of the Forty second Year of His pit-

*	fent Majesty are given in order to raise Money by Sale, Mortgage 4 or Grant, for the Redemption of Land Tax; provided that the 4 Monies to arise from any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, or so mad 4 thereof as should be requisite, should, under the Order of any Two of

*	the Commifiioner8 appointed under the Great Seal as aforesaid, be 4 paid to the Person or Persons afiigning such Land Tax, and the 4 Remainder of such Monies, in case any such should be, after Pay.

*	ment of the Cods and Expencet which should have been incurred 4 on Account of such Sale, Mortgage or Grant and Alignment, 4 should in pursuance of the like Order be paid into the Bank of

*	England, or to the Receiver General or Colle&or as the case 4 might require, and be applied in like manner as by the said Ad of

*	the Forty second Year of His present Majesty is dirc&ed in the 4 case of Monies arising from Sales, Mortgages or Grants, made for

*	the Purpofe of purchasing Affignments of Land Tax under that ( A&: And whereas it is doubtful whether Incumbents of Living! 4 can, after having purchased with their own Money an Affignment 4 of the Land Tax, raise Money by Sale, Mortgage or Grant, for the

*	Purpofe of re-imburfing any Sum of Money that may have been laid ‘ out by them in the Purchafe of such Afiignment 5 and it iscxpe-

*	dieot that such Power should be given Be it therefore further en-acted, That in all cases wherein any Incumbent for the time bong of any Living shall purchase an Afiignment of the Land Tax chained upon the Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Profits of such Living, from the Patron or Patrons or former Incumbent of such Living, or from any other Person who shall have redeemed or purchased the fame, or from his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigw, it shall be lawful for such Incumbent for the time being, for the Purpofe of re-imburfing any Sum of Money which shall have been paid by hxm out of his own Money as the Confideration for any such Afiignarot, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers which by the said A& of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty are gives, in order to raise Money by Sale, Mortgage or Grant, for the Pur-pofc of purchasing an Afiignment of such Land Tax: Provided always, that the Monies to arise from any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, to be made by virtue of this A 6t, or so much thereofas shall be requisite, shall, under the Order of any Two of the Commiffioont appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal of Great Brkm as aforesaid, be paid to such Incumbent for the time being, whose Receipt in pursuance of such Order shall be an effectual Difcwurge to the respective Purchafers or Mortgagees; and the Remainder of such Monies, in case any such shall be, shall be paid and applied is such and the fame manner as by the said ACt of toe Forty fiftn Yetr of His present Majesty is directed concerning the Remainder of the Monies arising by the Sales, Mortgages or Grants thereby ntbfr rixed to be made.

XXX. And

5*1

A.D.1813*	58° GEO. Ill	C/W3.'

XXX.	And be k ftlrtber enacted, TBit where tbff Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Land, Tithes or other Profits of any Living, hath been redeemed by the Patron or Patrons, of any former Incumbent thereof, or by any other Person or Persons, and the Incumbent for the time being of such Living hath, under the Powers contained in the laid A& of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, purchased an Alignment of such Land Tax, for the Benefit of such Living, every such Alignment shall, and the fame is .hereby required to be transmitted within Six Calendar Months after the paling of this A& to the Officer appointed for the Regiftry ef Contra&s for Redemption of the Land Tax; and that whenever any Incumbent for the time being of any Living, the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe L«end, Tithes or other Profits whereof has been or lhail be redeemed or purchased by the Patron or Patrons, or any Incumbent thereof, lhail, under the Provifions of the laid A6t of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, or of this Ad, purchase an Alignment of such l^and Tax, for the Benefit of such Living, every such Alignment lhail, within Six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, be in like manner transmitted to such Officer for the Regiftry of Contracts 5 and such Officer lhail, upon the Produ&ion to him of every such Af-figmnent as aforesaid, register the fame gratis ; and a Copy of the Regiftry of such Alignment signed by such Officer, shall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Perions, to be good and fuf-cient Evidence of such Alignments, and no Copy of the Regiftry thereof lhail be liable to any Sump Duty.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That, in order to provide for the Purchafe of any Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions of the find Aft of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trnftees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, it lhail be lawful for such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, to fell any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trnftees, or to mortgage the lame, or to grant any Rent Charge sat of the fame, or to enfranchise any Meffuages, Lands, TenemenU or Hereditaments, which are or lhail be holaen by Copy of Court Roll or other Cuftomary Tenure of any Manor belonging to any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees; and to fell and difpoie of any Heriots or Fee Farm Rents, Chief Renta or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages, issuing or payable from or in refoe& of any Freehold or Copyhold or Cufc tomary Manors or other Hereditaments, or incident thereto or accruing therefrom, in such and the fame manner and under and subject to the feme Directions and Regulations as such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees are refpeCkively authorized to do under the Provifions of the feid A& of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Purpofe of providing for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Manors or other Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corpoimte, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne* for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, shall have appropriated any Sum or Sinus of Money to or for the Benefit of any Living or Livings, or the Ia-

cumbett

Afltgmnenrs of Land Tax already purchased by Incumbents from Patrons or other Perions who have redeemed Land Tax charged on Livings regifter-ed within Six Months.

Future Arguments regilt ered within Six Months from Date of Contra#.

Stamp Duty.

Corporations or Trustees may fell or mortgage Part of Lands, or grant any Rent Charge, See. for pur-chafing Land Tax.

Incumbents of augmented

Livings, with Content of Governors of

54*

Queen AmmH Bounty may ntmtnS. for Purchafoof Land Tax.

46 O.3. c.13* §*•

49 0.3. c.67.

50G.J. c.58. $»*

CommifTioner* under Great Seal may exonerate Small Livings and Charitable In* ttitutiont without Transfer or Psytriiilt 6f Coo0tferltifi«.

C.mj.	5^GE6. HL	A.D.1813.

oumbetit or Incumbents of »ny Living or Livings, which the (aid Governor* #ul! km tlmiy agmtl or fhtll lgnee to augment with* the meaning «nd tinder the Provifionx of the Charter granted in the Reijrn of Queen Anne* or my A€t or Ads in force at the time of pafirngthts A&, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent or Incumbent) of the said Living or Livings, by the DiredHons of the laid Governor!, to contract and agree for th^Purchafe of Land Tax, on the hoe Terms and Conditions, and i& the manner directed by the (aidAd passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and it shall be lawful for the said Governors to apply the had Sms or Sums so appropriated, or any Part or Parts thereof, in Satisfs&ooor in Payment of the Coniideration ftipulited in Inch Contracts; tod the said Incumbent or Incumbents ot the (aid Living or Livings to be so augmented, from the Period of the Exoneration of filch Land Ta purchased by them refpedrvely, and their respective Sncceffan for the time being for ever, shall be entitled to and shall be in the add Seirin and PoflTeffion of a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased, to be issuing and payable out of the Minor*, MefToages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon the Lad Tax so purchased was charged, on the fame Days as such LsodTo was payable before the time of the Parchafe thereof, and enjoy all fed Powers, Remedies and Advantages, for the Recovery ot fsch Fee Farm Rents as are given to Purchafers of Land Tax by the (aid Ad left mentioned.

€ XXXIII. And whereas several Afts were passed in the Forty

*	sixth, Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His prtirat t Maietty, authorising the Commiffioaers appointed by Letter* Patent « under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to direct the Exonerate* 1 and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Meffoaga, f Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to Livings or g other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions in the ms* g uer and under the Directions in the (aid Ads refpedivelyinentioMd t or referred to j and ptirfuant to the Powers so vested in the find g Com mi (boners, they have exonerated and discharged the Land Tax g charged upon the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hew-t dhamenia belonging to several Small Livings and Charitable lnfti-t tutions : And whereas h may be expedient to aogment'the Incomes f of other Small Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices and of Chari* € table Inftitutions not already exonerated from Land Tax, by «*ow» € rating the fame from the Land Tax charged on the MeflWes,

Lanas, Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to luch

'Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inflhutiora,

*	in the 'manner hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore fiutherco* -i&Vd, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Cotnarifionn* wppointed'Orto be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal *of (hrAit Britain, at any time or times after the palling of this Ad, ^fo dfreft'the Exoneration and Difeharge of the Laud Tax charged Upon the Meffunges, Lands, Tenements or other Heredittraenti be-<ongiUg td any Livings or otherEcclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions, in cases where the whole clear Annual Income of such Livings or Other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable IrAitutwa •fhall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without •the Transfer Or <I\rpnenrofanyConfederation for the feme, in the •osaitoer tad uatkr the Dirt&kxu and fteftri&joas m this Aft tnes-

XXXIV. And

V

AJ).i8i3*	S3*	GEO.	HI.	C.nj«	j4J

XXXIV. And be k farther etfacted, That every Ioctmbent of Incumbents to any such Living or other Ecckfiaftical Benefice, and all Feo&ete transmit State, or Trofteet of any such Charitable In&itution, who shall be dethrone mem# of Income that the Mefluages, Lauds, Tenements or other Hereditaments Livings, *nd belonging to such Living or other Ecclefia&ical Benefice or Chari- Amountrf table Inditution, fltould be exonerated firom Land Tax under the LandTa*. Provifions of this A&, shall within One Year after the paffiag of this A€t transmit a Memorial to the said lad mentioned Commif-oners, verified in such manner as they shall require and direlt, dating the Nature and Defcription of the Property or other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of such Living Or Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inditution is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each refpedivcLy ; and shall also at the fame time transmit to the said Commifiioners a Certificate figoed by the CoUr&or of the Land Tax acting for the Didri&, Town, Pan fix or Place, within which the Mefluages or other Hereditaments belonging to such Living or other Ecclefiadical Benefice or Charitable Inditu* lion shall be situate (which Certificate such Colle&or is hereby authorized and required to grant), containing a. Description in Writing of the Meffuages or other Hereditaments belonging to such Living or other Ecclefiadical Benefice or Charitable Inditution, and the Name of the Parifh or Place, or Parities or Places within which the fame shall be situate, and the Amount or Amounts of Laud Tax charged thereon : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the &id Commilfioners lad mentioned Commifiioners, if they shall deem it expedient, to ea- may enlarge large the time by this Ad limited for the Tranfmiffion of such Me* time for trauf-*zaorials and Certificates as aforesaid, for any further Period not ex- “*mnKluch ceeding Six Calendar Months from the Expiration of the Period by ceS-awL*” this Alt limited as aforesaid for the Tranfmifiion thereof; and an Memorials and Certificates which shall be transmitted to the (aid Commifiioners within such extended Period, shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax under the Provifions ctf this Ad, as if the fame had beeu transmitted within One Year from the palling of this Ad.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commiffioner*

the (aid lad mentioned Commifiioners, by Writing under their Hinds m^f, by Wn-and Seals, to certify and declare that all the Mefiuages Lwfc*	certify tb*^

Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to any such Living or other	are ex-

Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inftitution, shall be wholly freed

and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Afiefiments thereof; and such Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements .and Hereditaments shall thereupon and notwithstanding it may afterwards appear that any of them, or any. Part thereof, were omitted IS be rated to the Land Tax at the time such Certificate of Laod Tag shall have been obtained, be wholly freed and exonerated from all Land Tax, and all further Afieflments thereof, from such of the quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax at shall next precede the Day op which such Certificate of Exoneration shall be left at the Office, for the Purpofe of being duly registered ia the manner here* inafter prescribed.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Officer appointed Certificates rS-for the Regiftry of CoDtra&a for Redemption uf the Land Ta*,

.fliall regifier all fufh last mentioned Certificates of Land Tax, and the said Certificates of Exoneration, jratU ; nod foaU major one and

tranfmit

C. i23<

53° GEO. IB.

A.D.1813.

Stamp Duty.

Statement of Proceedings, as to Exoneration laid before Parliament.

480.3.	C. IJ3.

s»—J-	,

490.3.	c. 67.

* I—4-

50 G. 3. c.jS.

Seles by Corporations confirmed, where Tithes, Ac. fold may not hare been rated to Lend Tax. Tithes, *c. discharged from Land Tax although not rated at time of Redemption.

transmit DapEcstet of the Land Tax thereby certified and exonerated under the Provifions of this Ad, and do all such other Adi and Things necessary for the Exoneration of the Meffuages and Herofr tament8 so to be exonerated, as by the said A A of the Forty second Year of His present Majetty are directed, in regard to Cootradi entered into under the Provifions thereof; and every Copy of the Regiftry of any such Certificate shall be allowed in all Courts isd Places, a^d before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Certificate; and no such Certificate, nor any Copy of the Regiftry thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XXltVIL And be it farther enacted, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the laid Commissioners appointed under the Great Sell in the Execution of this Aft, with regard to the Exoneration of Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices, or Charitable Ioftititioes, from Land Tax, shall be laid before Parliament before the Expintioi of the Sefiion of Parliament ending in the Year One thoufaod eight hundred and fifteen.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas some Sales have been made and Cot-veyances executed by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Computet, or Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public PoTpotet, of Tithes and other Hereditaments, which have not been rated to the Land Tax, for the Purpofe of redeeming the Liod Tu charged on other Hereditaments; and Doubts may arise si to the Validity of such Sales and Conveyances; and it has frequently happened that certain Tithes or otner Hereditaments belonging to Livings, have not been rated to the Land Tax at the time of the Contra& for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Meffuages, Lands and other Hereditaments belonging to such Lb-ingt refpedUvely; and such Tithes or other Hereditaments lb omitted to be rated, are still liable to be rated to the LandTu; and it appears that in some Inftances certain Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices and Charitable lnfbtutions, exonerated or intended to be exonerated from the Land Tax, by the Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, by virtue of the Powers contained in the fad Ads of the Forty sixth, Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of Ns present Majesty, were not, at therefpe&ive times of such Exoneration, rated to the Land Tax ; and such Tithes or other Heredita-ments not so rated, are still liable to be rated to the Land Tu { Be it therefore further enacted, That in all cases where any Tithes or other Hereditaments have been fold or conveyed by any Body of -Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trnf-tee*for Charitable or other Public Purpofesas lift aforesaid, the Sab and Conveyances thereof shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and the Tithes and Hereditaments therein comprised difehamd from the Land Tax, and all future AfMrnwti thereof, notwithstanding the Tithes or other Hereditaments (b fold and conveyed, or any of them, may not have been at the tine of iuch Sales or Conveyances rated to the Land Tax, and the Land Tax changed thereon may not have been previously redeemed or pur-chafed ; and that all such Tithes and other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings comprised in any Contraft entered into for the Re* donpnon of the Land Tax charged on the Mefliuges, Lmd* Tithes or other Hereditament* beioogtog to any fob Limp, a

it

545

A.D.ifti3»

S3* geo. in.

c.123.

at the time of the Contra# for the Redemption of such Land Land* and Tax were not rated to the Land Tax, shall nevertheless be dif-charged from Land Tax, and all future Affeffments thereof 5 and onerated from farther, that all such Meffuages, Lands, Tithes and other Heredk Land Tax, dif-taments belonging to the several Livings or other Ecclefiaftical charged, though Benefices and Charitable Inftitutions whicn have been, or have been not rated to it intended to be exonerated from Land Tax, under the Powers and **titneo* Prorifions contained in the said ACts of the Forty sixth, Forty xoneratlon-ninth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, or either of them,

shall be absolutely exonerated and difebarged from all Land Tax, from the refpeCtive Periods of their Exonerations and from all future Afleflments of Land Tax, notwithstanding certain Portions or Parts of the Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to such Livings or other Ecclefiaflical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions were not, at the rafpeCtive Periods of such Exonerations, included in the Rate or, Affeffment to the Land Tax.

• XXXIX. And whereas by the said A# of the Forty second 4*0.3. c.116.

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, That 5,oa

*	whenever there fnoold be any Surplus of Stock transferred as the

*	Confederation for, or purchased with the Money arising by any

* Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue thereof, after

* referring so much of such Stock as should be agreed to be

*	transferred as the Confideration for the Land Tax redeemed, the

*	faid Surplus Stock should, where the Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

*	Tenements or Hereditaments fold, mortgaged or charged, are situate,

*	in England, be placed in the Books of the Bank of England) in

*	the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the

*	Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the fame might be applied

*	in' the manner thereinafter mentioned ; that is to lay, to tnc In-

*	tent that such Surplus Stock might at a convenient time be fold, and 4 the Money arising therefrom applied under the Directions and with

*	the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order

*	made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, in the

*	Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Parts thereof, affecting the 4 Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the

*	Land Tax charged whereon should have been so redeemed ; or 4 where the fame should not be so applied, then the fame should be 4 laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation, in 4 the Purchafe of other Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and

*	Hereditaments, which should be conveyed and fettled in manner in

4 the said ACt mentioned Now be it further enacted, That no No Surplus Surplus Stock transferred or to be transferred as the Confideration st°<* pheed to far, or purchased with the Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Name £c" Grant, made or to be made by virtue of the said A# of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any subsequent A# passed untji Corporator the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this ACt, by tion iuterdted any Bodies'Pohtic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trul- have oh. tees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, shall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity	re**

of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, pursuant deemed, to the said Directions of the said ACt of the Forty second Year of Hi* present Majesty, until the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies or Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes interested therein! shall have obtained a Certificate under the 53 Gso. III.	N n	Hands

54$

C.|*3-

53»G£a III.

AJXitij.

Where Surplus of Stock, after tramferring fuf-ficient to redeem Land Taxon Lands belonging to Corporations Sole; such Stock, if not amounting to lfiool to be transferred into Names of such Corporation and a Trufl.ee.

Lay Corporations to transmit to Commiflioners a£ting undtr Great Seal, Account in Writing of Land Tax unredeemed.

Hands of Two or more of the said Comauffiooers appointed or to he appointed aider the Great Seal of Geo* Britain, that the whole of the Land Tax charged, as well on the Lands, Tenements or Hettwaments, by Sale, Mortgage or Grant whereof fach Sarphs Stock shall ante or he produced, as on the Mefluaees, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, limited to the like Utes or subject to the fame Trulls as the Mefluages, Lauds and Hereditaments to ibid, mortgaged or charged, flood fettled or limited to at the time of fuck Sale, Mortgage or Charge, has been wholly redeemed or purchased, or that so much of such Land Tax has been redeemed or purcksfcd as the laid Commissioners shall under the circuroftances of the case think reafonahk.

XL. And be it further enacted. That in aH cases where there shall be any Surplus of Stock transferred as the Confideration for, or purebafed with the Money arififtg by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue of any of the Ads palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this A6t, by any. Archbiliop, Bifbop, Re&or or Vicar, or other Corporation Sole, for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchasing any Land Tax (after referring so mack of such Stock as shall be agreed to be transferred as the Confiden-tion for the Land Tax redeemed or purchased), such Surplus Stock shall, if the fame fhaH not exceed One thousand Pounds Capital Stock Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, be transferred into the joint Names of such Archbishop, Bifiop, Re&or, Vkar or other Corporation Sole, haring an Interefk thereh, and of fbme Person to be named by such Archbishop, Bishop, Reftor, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, in order that the fame may be applied in such manner for the Benefit of such Archbishop, Bishop, ftactor, Vicar and other Corporation Sole, and their respective Succeflon, as is directed by the (aid A6k of tiie Forty second Year of Hit prdcst Majesty with refpeA to any Surplus Stock not exceeding Two hundred Pounds Principal Stock; and if the Confideration for the Redemption or Purchafe of such Land Tax by such Archbishop, Bishop, Re&ojr or Vicar, or other Corporation Sole, shall, in tie CoptraA be stipulated to be paid in Money, the Surplus of such Moqies, if any, after reserving the Confideration for the Redeoption or Purchafe of such Land Tax shall, in case such Surplus full not exceed the Value of One thousand Pounds of such Stock u aforesaid, be paid to a Truftee to be named by the Archbishop, Bilhop, ReAor, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, having an Iotercft in Inch Surplus, and be by such Trufiee laid out in the joint Nion of himself and such Archbishop, Bishop, Re&or, Vicar or other Corporation Sple, in the Purdude of Stock to be applied in like manner for the Benefit of such Archbishop, Bishop, Rector Vicar or other Corporation Sole, and their refpedbve SuccefTors.

XLI. And he it further enacted. That all Lay Corporations Aggregate, and all Companies, and all Feoffees or Trustees far Charitable or other Public Purposes, shall, and are hereby reqoiitd, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Afi, to tnmfmit to the Commissioners for the time being, acting in the Execution of the said A€t of the Forty (Second Year of His prefcst Majesty, and of this A A, by virtue of Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, an Account in Writing, fpecifyiog the Amount of the Land Tax which shall not then have been redeemed or

contitdcd

AJXi8t3.	53*	GEO.	IN.	C.12^	$47

coat rafted to have bee* redeemed, by or on behalf of fuchGorpora-tiods Aggregate, or Companies, Or Feoffee# or Ti'uft&s respectively % and a general Defcriptioh of the Manors and other Hereditaments belonging to such Corporations Aggregate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, in respect of which the Land TaX shall remain charged or chargeable.

XLIf. And be it further ettacted, That when and so soon as the On Determint-feveral Powers and Authorities Which by the said Aft of the Forty of Powers second Year of His present Majesty, or by any fcbfeouent Aft ers iSnSoted bv of Parliament pa fled for the Redemption atid Sale of the Land Tax i^irTp«tent/ or by this Aft, haVe been or are vetted in the Comthiffioners appointed Hi* Majesty * or to be appointed by virtue of His Majesty** Letters Patent under m«y direct Al-the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall have ceased or detennined, or l?wan2*!f shall by any future Aft of Parliament be determined, it shall bo vices! lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treafuiy, or any Three or more of them, pursuant to any Direction of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucCeffors, under the Royal Sign Manual, to alio# the Commissioners who have acted or shall hereafter aft in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, by Virtue of such Let* ters Patent, or to the Executor* or Adntiaiftrators of any such Corni milfioncit as may have died, by or out of any Public Monies for the time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, such Shms of Money, a» in Acknowledgment for the Services of such Commissioners in thd Execution of their Powers and Authorities, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Succtflorft, fliaU dedih proper.

* XLIII. And whereas by an Aft passed in the Fifty second 5s 0.$. c. 80.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for * extending the Periods in which Deeds were dtreded to be inrolled by 4 an A3 of the Fiftieth Tear of His present Majesty, for amending 4 several AQs for Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, it was 4 enacted, that all Deeds required by the said Aft of the Fiftieth 4 Year of' His present Majeity, or any other Aftk relating to the r Redemption of Land Tax, to be implied* or registered, should be c Valid and effefttial, although the fame (hotil&not have been or should 4 not be inrolled or registered Within the Periods prescribed by the 4 said Afts respectively, provided the fame fbould nave been inrolled 4 or registered before the patting of the Aft ndw in rfccital, or should 4 be inroBed Or registered within Twelve* Calendar Months after the 4 passing thereof: And whereas the tin# limited by4 the said last 4 mentioned Aft will expire* emthe First Day of Jkly next,- and it te 4 expedient td make PrOvifiOO for the Involme&t ot Regiftry of Deeds 1 which may ntot'be duly inrolled or registered purfuaht to the Di-1 reftions of that Aft;* Ite it therefore further1 enacted. That aD Deeds valid Deeds required by the said Aft of the Fifty second Year of His though not in-prefent Majesty, or any other Afts relating to the Redemption of roUw!

Land Tax, to be inrolled or registered, shall* be valid aud effectual, although the fame shall not be inrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Aft of the Fifty second Year of His pitfent Majesty, provided the fame shall have been limited or registered, within Twelve Calendar Months after the patting of this Aft, and that all Conveyances made1 fubfeqoent to any Deeds already knotted or registered, or to be in rotted or registered udder this 'Afti or any former Aft" for the Redemption or the Land Tax,. and

N n 2	depending

C.123.	53°	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

depending in point of Title on such Deeds, shall be of the feme Ened as if such Deeds had been inrolled or regidered on the Day of the Date thereof 5 nevertheless without Prejudice to the Validity of any A durances heretofore made, to correct or Supply any Defied* arifiug from the want of such Inrolment or Regiftry.

XJLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Ieveral Schedules to this Ad annexed, and the Rules therein contained shall be deemed and construed a Dart of this Ad, as if the lame bad been ioferted herein under a Special Enadment; and the said Schedules, and all and every the Provilions of this Ad, shall in the Execution of any of the Powers or Provifions contained in the said Land Tax Ad, or in any Ad or Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, be ieverally applied and construed in like manner as if the said Ieveral Schedules and Provifions of this Ad had been specially enacted in the laid prior Ad or Ads; and all ahd every the Powers and Provilions contained in the laid Land Tax Ad or in any Ad or Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, except where the lame are repealed or varied by this Ad, shall be Severally applied and construed in like manner as if the fame Powers and Provifions had been contained and re-enaded by this Ad.

XLV. Aud be it further enacted. That this Ad, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be pafied in the present Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

Schedule [A.]

[A. No. 1.]

FORM of the Certificate of the Contrad for the Redeoj. tion of Land Tax, in cases where the ConfideratioQ is proposed to be transferred in Stock, pursuant to the Adi 10 force at the time of palling this Ad, subject to the Alterations as to the Periods of Transfer, provided by this Ad in such cases.

KNOW all Men, That we

Two of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the several Ads for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify, That we have contracted and agreed with

for the Redemption by him, [her, or them, tu the case may require] of	Land	Tax,	being	the

Land Tax charged upon [ here deferibe the Premfet at from the Cer• tijuate of the Commi/poncrs of Land Tax'], and which Premifes tit a defied in the AJTeffment made for the	of

in the	of	for	the

Year	as	follows	;	videlicet,	[here

infart a* txaff Copy of such Parts of the AJfeJfmemt at relate to the Premfet before deferibed] The Confideration is declared to be Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, or one of them, to be tnnv fared to the Commissioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, in one Sum, on or before the

D*y

Schedules, Ac. made part of

a a.

Former A€ts applied.

Ad altered, Ac.

53° GEO. III.

C.123.

S49

Day of ^	or,	[as	the case may be] in the following

Proportions, and at the following times; videlicet,

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

{When the Corf deration it transferable by Inflalments, add] with nterect, to be paid at the time of the Second and each subsequent Inftalment, to the Cafhier or Cafniers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducing therefrom a Sum bearing the fame Proportion . to such Land Tax as the Amount of Stock transferred before the time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock agreed to be transferred on such Contract.

[A. No. 2.]

FORM of the Certificate of the Contrad for the Redemption of Land Tax, in cases where the Confideration is proposed to be paid in|Money to the Receiver General, pursuant to the Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, subject to the Alterations provided by this Ad in such rases.

1 ft. When the Conlideration is to be paid in one Sum. KNOW all Men, That we Two of the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the several Ads for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify. That we have contracted and agreed with

for the Redemption by him, [her, or them, as the case may require] of	Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged

upon [here deferibe the Premises, as from the Certificate of the Com• mtffioners of Land Tax], and which Premifes areaflefted in the Afleff-ment made for the	of	in	the

of	for the Year

as follows ; videlicet, [here insert an exa8 Cody of such Parts of the AJfeJfment as relate to the Premifes before deferibed] The Conlideration is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be* paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, [or Colle&or, at the case may require] for the [County, Riding, Shire, of as will be (ufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax, on the Day of	according	to	the Price of

Stock, to be transmitted to the laid Receiver General [or Collector], io the Second Week subsequent to the Date hereof, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule to the said Ad of 42 Geo. III. and other Ads in force at the time of palling the Ad of 53 Geo. III. and the Rules and Diredions therein respectively contained.

2d. When the Confideration is to be paid by Inflalments within Four Years.

[If the Confideration is proposed to he paid within Four Tears, pursuant to the Diredions of the Ad of 42 Geo* 3. the Land Tax mufi be divided into as many equal Parts as there are Tears within the Period of Payment, the Fradious of Farthings to be added to the lafi Payment.]

The Confideration is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy

N n 3	[or	,

55®

Registering

Contract.

C. 123.	53e	§EG- mr.	A.D.i8ij.

Tor Cqjk&qr'] for thp [C^mfy, Risting, Shire, Sfc.] 1* will be fnmcient for toe Redemption of	Part	of	the	laid

Land Tax, 00 or Wore the	pay	of

further Part of the lai4 Land Tax, oq the	Day	of

further Part of the fpid Land Tax, on the Day of	and	farther

Part pf the fai4 Land Tax, on the	pay of

according to the Price of Stock to be transmitted to the said Recewer

general for Coflpdjtpr], jo the Second Week fubfetuient to the ate hereof, with refpeS to the Payment of the Fim InSUlmnit, and with relpoft to the Payment of the Second arid every fubfeqoeot Instalment, according to the Price of Stock, to be trpnfroiued tofucb Receiver General [or Colle&orl in the Week preceding the hid Pay of Payment of such Second and subsequent Instalments, and conformably to the Tables in the said Ads of 42 and 43 Get. III. together with Intereft to be paid at the time of the Second and each subsequent Instalment, to the said Receiver Genera) [or Coh JefiorJ, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, dedo&ing therefrom a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to fpeh Land Tax, as the Number of Instalments then before paid bears to the Number of Instalments agreed to be paid on such Contrad.

RULES and Directions applicable to the above Contracts, marked [A.] No. 1. No. 2.; and also to Contracts, marked [B.]> to be observed in carrying the fame into Execution.

xft. Every such Contra^, upon Transfer or Payment (as the case may require) of One Sixteenth Part of the Consideration mentioned therein, or to any gppptpr Aiqoppt, being certified by Eiufarfemeol thereoa as dijefted py the said pripr Ads, may, if the Party or Parties to the fame Shall chpqfe, be transmitted to the Cpmmiffioners entering into the fame* whq shall forthwith cause the Same to be regiftertd arith an Indorfement thereon of the time from which the Land Tax Audi be deemed to be exonerated conformably to the said prior Adi; and after such Regpftry aqd Endorsement, to be transmitted to the Mud Patty or Parties, oj his, her or their Agent lawfully authorised to receive the fame; and the Land Tax Shall be exonerated accordingly.

Schedule [BL]

FORty pf thp Certificate of the Cpntraft for the Redemption pf Land Tu, m cases were the ponfideration Is proposed to be paid in N^oney to tljp Receiver General, under tne Pro-xUipos of £3 Geo. f jjLxq any Peiip4 exceeding- T^wo Years, or amounting	^ pounds or upwards.

KNOW all Men, That ye, A. B. and C. IX Two of the Com* miffioners acting in the Execution of the Ads for the Redemption of the' Land Tax, do hereby certify. That we harp contra6fea and agreed with	to* the Redemplipa by him,

[Rer or them, at the oaf* mqy require] of

Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon [Acre deferde tjx Prendfet as from the Certificate of the Commtfioaettr eft Load Tex) and whipfi Premifes are alefcd in the ASfeSTmeat madb.fioor the of	in the	of

hr

53 'CEO. in.

c.123.	551

for the Year	a* fdllowe ;

videlicet [here insert an exaQ Copy of futb Part of the Affejmchl at relates to the Premifes before described.']

Note. — The Land Tax mufi he divided into as many equal Parts as there art Tears within the Period of Payment^ computing the fame from the Twenty fifth Day of March preceding the making of the Contraft.

The Conti deration is declared to be so much Money to be paid to the Receiver General or Ws Deputy, if in England, or to the Colle#or of the Cefs, if in Scotland, for the County of	or	the	Divifion	of

in the County of	as	will	be	fufticient	for	the

Redemption of	Part	of	the	faid	Land	Tax,	on or

before the Twenty fifth Day of March next, further Part of the said Land Tax, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March (the succeeding Year),	Pounds	further	Part

of the said Land Tax on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, 6cc. See. (and so on every succeeding Year} according to the Price of Stock transmitted to the Receiver General or CoHe&or in tlje Second Week subsequent to the Date hereof, with refpe# to the Payment or Payments to be made in the First Year of the Contra#; and with re(pe# to the Payments to be made in the Second and every subsequent Year of the Contra#, according to the Price of Stock to be so certified in the Third Week after the Twenty fifth Day of March preceding such Payments refpe#ively; such yearly Payments to be due in Two Inftalments; videlicet, on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, with Intereft to be paid at the time of the Second and each fubfetuient In-ftalmcnt, to the Receiver General or his Deputy, or to the Colle#or, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to such Land Tax as the Amount of Stock transferred before the time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock agreed to be transferred oil such Contract.

RULES and Dire#ions applicable to the above Contra# [B.] to be observed in carrying the fame into Execution, in addition to the Rule annexed to Schedules [A. No. 1.] and [A. No. 2.]

ift. The Confideration upon every such Colitra# shall, for the Time of Pay. Payment or Payments to be made on or before the Twenty fifth ment on Con-Day of March next after the making the Contra#, be in one Sum, ,ra^ ™de *fttr to be paid on or before that Day, if the Contra# be entered into a^th Sep** after the Twenty ninth Day of September in that Year.

ad. tjpon all Contra#* to be entered into before the Twenty ninth Times of Pay-Day of September in any Year, the Payments for the First Year shall menton Con-bc made in Two Inftalments, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of tra&* madebe-September and the Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date fore.a9!h.^ePt* of the Contra#, and the Payments for the Secondhand every fob- ™ nt Years! Sequent Year of the Contra#, shall be made in like manner and at H the like Periods.

The Amount to be paid in the First Year of the Contra#, Amount afecr-be ascertained according to the Price of Stuck transmitted, as tained. isrdirtded by the A& o£ 43 Geo. III. in th? Second Week fub-

N n 4	fequent

552

C. 123.	53*	GEO.	IIL	A.D.1813.

fequent to the Daw of entering into the Contract, and the Amount to be paid in the Second and every subsequent Year of the Contiad, shall be ascertained according to the Price of Stock transmitted as aforesaid, in the Third Week after the Twenty fifth Day of Morel) preceding such Payments, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule of the Aft of 42 Geo. III. marked L. or the Table in the Schedule of the Aft of 43 Geo III. as the case shall require; and the Two Inftalments for each Year shall be ascertained by the fame Price of Stock as lafl aforesaid.

Schedule [C.]

FORM of the Certificate of the Contraft for the Redemption of Land Tax, in cases where the Premifes consist of Mef-fuages, Tenements or Buildings, with the Appurtenances, not including in the Whole more than One fourth Part of a Statute Acre.

KNOW all Men, That we	Two	of	the

Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Afts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify, That we have contracted and agreed with	for	the Redemption by

of	Land	Tax,	being the Land Tax charged

upon [here deferibe the Premifes from the Affidavit annexed to the Cer» t if cate of Land Tax’], as appears by the Affidavit in Writing of

duly made, signed and sworn, pursuant to the Ad of 53 Geo. III. and which Premifes are assessed in the Affeflment made for the	of	in	the	of

for the Year as follows; videlicet,

The Confideration is declared to be	in Money, being

Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax before described to be paid to the Receivers General for the	of

or his Deputy, [or, the Colleftor of the Cefs for

] in one Sum, within Three Calendar Months from the

Date hereof.

RULES and Direftious appliable to the above Contraft [C.] to be observed in carrying the fame into Execution.

Regiftry of	ift.	Every	fuch	Contract,	upon	Payment of the whole Confidera*

Contrails. tion mentioned therein, being certified by Endorfement thereon, v directed by the said prior Afts, may, if the Party or Parties to the fame shall choose, be transmitted to the Commissioners entering into the fame, who shall forthwith cause the fame to be registered, with aa Endorfement thereon, of the time from which the Land Tax shall be deemed to be exonerated, and after such Regiftry and Endorfement, to be transmitted to the said Party or Parties, or his, her or ther Agent lawfully authorized to receive the fame ; and the Land Ta shall be exonerated accordingly.

When LandTax 2The Land Tax comprized in any such Contract, whereon the exonerated. Confideration shall be duly paid as aforesaid, shall 'be deemed to be and shall be exonerated from the Quarter Day next after the Day of entering into the (aid Contraft 5 and in Default of such Payment, within the Period limited, it shall be lawful for the Commimoneit entering into the fame to refeind the Contract, or to confirm the fane conditionally, on Payment of lawful Intereft from the Day of entenig into the Contraft to the time of such Payment being made; and toe

Certificate

553

A.D.x8i3'	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	123.

Certificate of the laid Commissioners, confirming such Contrad, shall be an Authority to the respective Receivers General to receive the Confideration with Intereft as aforesaid ; and the Land Tax comprized in such Contract shall in such case be deemed to be exonerated from the Quarter Day succeeding such Payment.

Schedule [D.]

FORM of the Certificate for the Contrad for the Redemption of Land Tax, in cases where the Confideration is proposed to be in Money payable by way of additional Affeffment. KNOW all Men, That we	Two	of	the

Commifiioners acting in the Execution of the several Ads for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify, That we have con-traded and agreed with	being	authorized	to

con trad for such Redemption as appears by the Affidavit in Writing of	duly	made,	figned	and	fworn	purfuant	to

the Ad of 53 Geo. III. for the Redemption of	Land

Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon

and which Premifes are assessed in the Affeffment made for the ^ of	in	the	of

for the Year	as	follows	;	videlicet,

[here insert an exaS Copy of such Parti of the Ajfejfment as relate to the Premifes before described. ]

[D. No. I.]

[To be used in cases where the Term of AJfeJfment is limited.]

The Confideration is declared to be an annual Affeffment in addition to the said Land Tax of the annual Sum of

being e^ual in Amount to the said Land Tax, for and during the Term o? Eighteen Years from the Twenty fifth Day of Marchlaft ; subject to the Rules and Provifions contained in the said Ad, and expressed in the Schedule thereto annexed, marked [D. No. 1.]

[D No. 2.]

[To be used in cases where the Term of Ajfejfment is to cease on the Completion of the Amount of Stock.]

The Confideration is declared to be an annual AflefTment in addition to the said Land Tax, of the annual Sum of

being equal in Amount to the said Land Tax, to be afieffed and paid until the Monies, with the accumulating Intereft and Dividends arising from all such Contrads as shall be entered into from the Twenty fifth Day of March last for One Year, shall have pur-chafed Stock exceeding the Land Tax redeemed thereby by One Tenth Part thereof; and the fame shall be declared in the manner directed by the Ad of 53 Geo. III. and then to cease, together with the Affeffments of Land Tax; and all Intereft or Dividends on Stock purchased by such additional Land Tax shall be invested in the Purchafe of Three Pouuds per Centum Annuities, in like manner, and so that the fame may accumulate in the nature of Compound Interect, to the Ufe and for the Benefit of the Parties paying such additional Afleffments towards the Completion of the Contracts, during all such time as the Land Tax and such additional Afleffments shall be payable.

RULES and Provifions applicable to the above Contrad [D.] to be observed in carrying the fame into Execution, xft. Upon every Contrad entered into, where the Confideration

(hall

554

Additional AC-fe indents made by Commiffioo-ers of Land Tax.

3« O.3.C.J.

C.123.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

First Year'* ad. ditional AflefT-ment paid be-fore Contrail available.

Colle&ort of additional Aflefl*-ment.

Powers of Cotn-tniflioners and Colled ors in relation to additional Afleff-mento.

shall be in Money payable by way of additional A (Teflonent, the Payment or Payments to be made in each Year* as the fame shall be in-ferted in the Abftrads thereof, to be transmitted by the Commifliooers for executing this Ad to the respective Commiflioners of Land Tax, acting in the Execution of an A& passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by way of Land Tax, shall be added to each Year’s AfleiTment of Land Tax in a distinct Column, fet opposite to the Land Tax intended to be redeemed by such additional AflefTment: Provided that where any Coutrad shall be made after the Land Tax AfleiTment for that Year shall have been (igned and allowed* and delivered to the respective Collectors, the additional AfleiTment for that Year may be made bn a separate Form, and annexed to the Duplicate of Afleflment, and collected with the next Payments remaining to be made of the said such Land Tax.

2d. No Contrad for the Redemption of Land Tax, by way of as additional AfleiTment, shall be available in any respect, until the Amount of the First Year’s additional Afleflment shall be fully paid to the Receiver General for the Place in England, or his Deputy, or \he Colledor of the Cefs for the Place in Scotland, and a Certificate or Receipt for such Payment be obtained; which every such Receiver General or his Deputy, and every such Collector, is hereby required to give gratis, without any Stamp Duty.

3d. The Collectors of Land Tax appointed by virtue of the (aid Land Tax Ad, shall in their several Parifliea, Places and Divifioos, be Colledor3 of the (aid additional Afleffiments given to them re-fpedively in Charge, without any other or further Appointment than as Collectors of Land Tax, and the Warrant for colfeding the Land Tax shall be a sufficient Authority for them to collect the feid additional Afleflments; provided that all fnch additional AfTeflinents shall be first allowed and figrted by Two or more Commissioners of Land Tax m the Drviliod where the feme shall be charged.

4th. The respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Land Tax Ad, and the respective Co&dots appointed by virtue thereof, are hereby feverafty empowered and requited to do all things necessary m relation to the additional Afleffiments made by virtue of such Contrads as fest aforesaid, and of this Ad, in as faH and ample a manner as Commissioners and Collectors are refpedfrfely empowered and authorized to do by virtue of the said Land Tax Ad: And iff Powers, Remedies, Clawfes, Matters and Things contained m the find Land Tax Ad for demanding or receiving the said Land Ta* of the several Persons chargeable therewith, or fer levying the ferae from the said Persons, or upon the Premifes charged there with1, or of paying and accounting for the Monies received by virtue of the (aid Ad, shall be appfied, used and etfercifed in the demanding and receiving the Monies to arise from the (aid1 additional Afleflments to be made under the Authority of this Ad from the feme Persons re-fpedively, and in levying the feme frodlthe feme Persons, or upon the lame TVemrfes respectively ; and hi paying and accounting for the fetd Monies of the said additional A-fleflments received in the lanrie 5 and in as fuR and ample a manner as if the fame Powers, Remedies, dairies. Matters and Things had been severally re-enaded in this Ad, ami Had bmu caprefuy applied to the additional Afieffitetota thereby authorized,

$jfu The

A.D.i8ij.

53° GEO. III.

C.123.

sss

5tb. The refpefeive Occupiers of any Meffuages, Lances, Tene- Tenants to dements or Hereditaments charged with Land Tax intended to be re- du& V*ymcntM deemed by way of additional Afleflments, and holding under the 01,1 Rent* Bodies, Companies or Persons named in the Contrads for Redemption, being respectively Tenants of the fame, and paying the (aid additional Affelfincnts on behalf of such Bodies, Companies and Persons respectively, shall dedud the Amount thereof from the Rent payable to the Bodies, Companies or Persons 'entering into the Contrads for such Redemption; such Dedudione to be made out of any Rent payable after such Payments; and the Occupiers being re* fpedirely Tenants paying the said additional AffrfTments, shall be acquitted and discharged of so mtfch Money as if the fame had actually been paid unto the Bodies, Companies or Perfoos respectively to whom such Rent shall have been payable; and the several Bodies,

Companies and Persons respectively, shall allow such Dedudioas and Payments upon Receipt of the Refidue of the Rents, under the Penalty herein contained*

6th. If any Person or Persons, after entering into any Contrad for Not allowing Redemption of Land Tax, by way of additional Aflefsment, shall Dedu&ion. receive any Rent liable to Dedudion as aforesaid, without allowing such Dedudion after Demand thereof made, every such Person (ha& forfeit and pav Treble the Amount of the Rent so received, to be Penalty, recovered and applied as any Penalty may be recovered and applied	1

under the said Land Tax, Ad, or under any of the Ads for or in relation to the Redemption of Land Tax in force at the time of paffiog thin Ad, and the Contrad shall thereupon be void; provided that the CommUBoners for executing this Ad may, if they shall be (atiafitd that such Refufal was not wilful, or arose from Miftake or Error, confirm the Contrad, as if no such Refufal had taken place.

7th. All Land Tax contracted to be redeemed by an additional Form of Pay. Affefinent in the Forms of and according to the Contrad marked mem for 18 [D. No. i ] shall be jwyftble, and shall b* assessed and paid for the I'*”"'*'1 Term of Eighteen Years* computed from the Commencement of the ^ x*

Year of the Date of the Contrad, and accounted for during the faiid

Period as if no Contrad had been made for the Redemption thereof;

and all Land Tax contracted to be redeemed by an additional Affeff-

rnent in the Terms of and according to the Contrad marked [D. Until Comple-

No.s.], shall be payable, and shall be afiefled and paid and accounted tion of Stock

for in like manner, until the Stock purchased in the Three Pounds under No*z*

per Centum Bank Annuities by the Monies arising from the additional

Afibffinents, and paid into the Bank of England by virtue of all filch

Contrad* entered into in each Yew of Afiefixnent, together with the t

Stock to be purchased by and from the Inters ft. and Dividend to wife !

therefrom, and hereinbefore directed to be accumulated, shaft produce

an Ixtereft or Dividend exceeding the Land Tax redeemed by One

Tenth Part thereof, and until the End of the Year o£ Aflefftnent in which such Amount of Stock shall be purchased.

8th. Upon Payment of the £aid Land Tax, and die additional ContrafU there-Aflcfftnents thereupon, for the said Term of Eighteen. Years certain, uPon regift«r«d or until the Amount of Stock shall be purchased as. aforefaid^ Land lax according to the Contratt, the Commiffioaers for executing this ezuoeme *

AA on the Certificate of the Governor of the Bank of 1England* that the Tenn of Redemption i*, expired, shall cause the Contraffea depending thereon to hr regiftexed and tranknitted to tim mfoedtivt

Parties,

556	C.123.	53°GEOlin.	AJD.1813.

Parties, and Acquittances to be indorsed thereon; and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be exonerated, and all Affeffments thereon shall cease and determine from the Expiration of the laid refpe&i* Periods, and the Publication thereof in the London Gazette.

Advance	9th. Any Body, Company or Person who shall have cootra&ed to

CC*	redeem Land Tax by way of additional AfTefTment in purfoance of

this Ad, may pay the whole of the Confideration then remaning unpaid, and not then in AfTefTment, in Advance to the Receiver General for the Place, if in England, or his Deputy, and if in Srtlad, to the Collector of the Cefs for the Place there, on giving Twenty one Days previous Notice in Writing at the lead to such Receiver General in England, or to the Receiver General at Edmhnrgb, if in Scotland, of such their Intention, naming therein the Day or Days for such Payment, and the annual Amount of Land Tax contiadeti for, and the Date of the Contract; and it shall be lawful for the Receiver General to whom such Notice shall be given, on Produ&os of a Certificate of the last AfTefTment of Land Tax charged on the Lands and Tenements comprized in such Contrad at the time of Pay. ment of the said Confideration in Advance, to make an Allowance it the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per jlnnum, out of the Sum or Sums so to be paid in Advance, calculated upon such Sum or Sums, for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sum shall be paid sooner than the Period stipulated by the said Contrad ; and in every such case, the said Receiver General or his Deputy shall give the Person paying the fame a Certificate of such Payment, fpecifyiog therein the Number of Indalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of Allowance for such prompt Payment, and referring to the Certificate of AfTefTment then produced; and such Receiver General shall also transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Commiffiooen for the Affairs of Taxes, thereby charging himself with the Amount received; and every such Contract shall, on Payment of the foil Con-fideration in Advance as aforesaid, be forthwith registered, and the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be exonerated from the Quarter Day preceding the Completion of such Contrail.

Schedule [E.]

GENERAL RULES and DIRECTIONS applicable 10 all before mentioned Contrails for the Redemption of Land Tax, by Payments in Money in pursuance of the Provifions of this Ad.

All Money	ifL	THE Commiflioners for executing this Ad, who shall hive

Payments infert- entered into any such Contrad, shall, as soon as conveniently can be ed to AfTefTment done after the Date of each Contrad, cause an Abflrad of so much sad charged thereof as shall be necessary to be transmitted to the Commiffionert General*11^	*n	^e Execution of the Land Tax Ad, in the Divifion wbert

CDC	the	Land	Tax contracted for shall be charged; and the said lift men-

tioned Commiflioners shall from time to time cause Affeffmeots to be made of the Payments which according to such Contrad* Audi become due in each Year ending the Twenty fifth Day of March, together with the Amount of the Land Tax contracted for, and the Names of the Contradors and Occupiers of the Premifes whereon the Land Tax is charged, in such Form or Forms as shall be nude out at the Office for Taxes for thatPurpose; and shall annually return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General and the King1* Remembraneer,

557

A.D. i8i3-	53° GEO. HI.	C.123.

roembraneer, in such Form and manner, and at such times as they are directed to return Duplicates of Land Tax, in order that the respective Receivers General may be charged therewith, at the Receipt of His Majcfty’c Exchequer.

2d. Every Payment of Money contracted to be made on or before a Payments at particular Day mentioned in the Con trad, shall be good and valid if ne*t Receipts made to the Receiver General or his Deputy in England, or to the Colle&or of the Cefs in Scotland, upon his Receipt of Land Tax 'which shall happen next after the Day of Payment mentioned in the Contrad; and on every such Payment the Receiver General or his Deputy in England, and the Colle&or of the Cefs in Scotland, shall give a Receipt under his Hand to the Payer, upon which no Stamp Duty shall be payable.

3d. On every Default of Payment within the time herein limited. Arrears reco-the Amount due or to be due upon the Contrad shall be recoverable J5r?bIe as a Debt on Record, and Procefs shall i(Tue thereon by virtue of the Debt 00 Recor®* Certificate of such Default, signed by the Receiver (General or his Deputy, or by the Colledor of the Cefs, to whom such Payment ought to have been made and exhibited to one of the Barons of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively ; and if the fame cannot be so recovered, the Contrad for the Redemption of the Land Tax shall be void, and the said Land Tax, if the fame has been exonerated, shall be revived, and be again payable, as if no such Contrad had been entered into.

4th. It shall be lawful to pay to the Receiver General in England, Confideration or Colledors in Scotland respectively, the whole of the Confideration P***1 Advance, then remaining unpaid in Advance, according to the Price of Stock in the Week preceding the Day to be named for such Payment, not* withstanding any Limitation in the Contrad, provided the Bodies,

Companies or rerfons desirous of making any such Payments in Advance, shall give Twenty one Days previous Notice in Writing at the lead, to such Receiver General, if in England, or to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, if in Scotland, of such their Intention, naming therein the Day or Days for such Payment 5 and every such Receiver General shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Notice, transmit to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an Account of the Payments so intended to be made in Advance, and of the Day or Days on which the fame are intended to be made ; and if the whole of such Confideration shall be so paid before the Regiftry of the Contrad, or the Exoneration of the Land Tax comprized tnerein, then the said Contrad shall be forthwith registered, and the Land Tax shall be exonerated from the Quarter Day preceding the said Payment.

5th. Upon every Contrad upon which tne Payment of the Con- On making fideration in Money shall be made by Inffalments, except by way of and additional Affeffment, there shall be paid, at the time of making the Second, and so of every subsequent Inftalment upon such Contrad, tereftpaid v by into the Hands of the Receiver General in England, or their Deputies, 42 0.3. c. ill. or the Colledors in Scotland, to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and $ ay. Succeffors, a Sum of Money by way of Interect, in like manner and to the like Amount, in all respects, as in the laid Ad of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty is directed in cases of Transfer of Stock or Payment of Money by inffalments.

CAP.

55*

38G.3.c.8i/

§ 9a. &C*

Allowance to Filh Curers for every Cwt. of dried Conger, &C.

Aft* relative to allowing Salt Duty free extended to Aft.

Bounties on Ex* porta tion of Stuffs of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, dec.

C.i 24, 125.	53° GEO. IB.	A.D.1813.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Aft for allowing the TJfe of Salt Duty free for curing Conger, Polock, Bream, Ray and Scate. [iztkjuly 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the

*	W Reign of His present Majesty King George ftie ThW, *■ among other things, for transferring the Management of the Sdt < Duties to the Commiflioners of Excife, Safi is allowed to be

♦ delivered Duty free for curing and ©referring futh Fife as are in

•	the said Aft; in that behalf mentioned: And whereas it is expedient

•	to extend the said Allowance to such other Fifh as ate hereinafter

•	in that behalf mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice atnd Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thh present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of feme, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, all and every FHh Curer and Fife Carers, to whom any Salt shall, under the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Ptorifions of the said Aft, be delivered Doty free, for the Purpofe of curing and preferring Fifh, to be allowed 1 Credit not exceeding Fifty rounds Weight of Salt for every Hundred Weight of dried Conger, Polock, Bream, Ray and Sate, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Credits shall be allowed under and subject to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridkns and Prorifions as are by the said Aft or by any other Aft or Aft* of Parliament in force at the time of patting this Aft contained, provided, fettled or established, for or in respect of allowing Salt Duty free, for the Purpofe of curing and preferring Fifh, or for or is respect of allowing Fifh Curers Credit for Salt delivered to them fix the Purpofe afbrefeid 5 and the said Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Prorifions, and the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said several Afts imposed for any Breach or Difobedience thereof respectively, shall be used, applied and put in Execution for the Pur* poses of this Aft, and'fbr the Prevention of Frauds in Contravention thereof, or of the said fevend other Afts of Parliament, or any or cither of them, as fully and effefttiaUy to all Intents and Purpofe* as if the fame werefevendly repeated and re-enafted in this prefect Aft.

CAP. CXXV.

An Aft; to allow a Bounty upon the Exportation of Stuffs of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe;, and upon the Exportation of Ribbons made of Silk mixed withtnkle or Cotton. [12th July 1813.] « \WT HERE AS it is expedient to giver further Encouragement 4 VV tothe SilkMkmifefturers of Great Britain?9 Beittberefbie enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confemt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, mid Commons, in this present Parliament afenWed, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of July Ok thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the fame Bounties which by the Laws in force are payable respectively upon the Exportation from Gnat Britain of Stuffs of Silk mixed with Gold or Oliver, Stuffs of

fi	Silk

$59

A.p.i8i3*

53* GEO. HI.

C.I2 $, 126.

Silk only, Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, and Stuffs of Silk and Worsted, shall be allowed and paid on such Staffs re-fpedively, although the fame may be oriamenled with Embroidery,

Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe, provided the Ornaments on or attached to the Stuffs mixed with Gold or Silver, and likewise the Stuffs of Silk only, are of Silk, Gold and Silver, or either or all of them, and that the Ornaments on or attached to the Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, and likewise to the Stuff's of Silk mixed with Worded, are of Silk, Inkle, Cotton, Worded, or either or all of them.

II* And be it further eaacted, That the Bounty which by the And on Export* Laws in force is payable upon the Exportation of Stuffs of Silk mixed	ot Ribbon*

with Inkle or Cotton shall be allowed and paid on Ribbons made of 5n“ed Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton: And such Bounties respectively Condition*. shall be paid and allowed in the fame manner, and subject to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are directed and provided by the Laws in force with respect to any other Bounty on Manufadurcs of Silk exported from Great Britain, so far as the fame are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed on any of the said Silk Manufadures, unlels the Value of the Goods at the Pbrt of Exportation is at lead Four times the Amount of the Bounty claimed thereon.

XTTHEREAS an Ad passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year 9& 10W.3.

*	VV of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, c.

*	intituled An AS for the better preventing the Embezzlement of € Hit Majesty*s Stores of War; ana preventing Cheats, Frauds and

*	Abufes in paying Seamen9s Wages : And whereas great Frauds are 4 pra&tifed in the Embezzlement of Public Stores not under the Care,

4 Superintendence or Qontroul of the Principal Officers or Com-

*	miffionera of the Navy, Ordnance or Vidualling Office, at)d 4 Doubts have ajifen whether such Stores are withip the Prqvifions of 4 the said recited Ad; and it is therefore expedient that the Pro-4 vifiotis of the said Ad should extend to all Public Stores :9 Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Qonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the said Extended to recited Ad of the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, Stores having and all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Clauses, and Provifions for the ufu*l Marks to Recovery thereof, and for the Prevention of the Embezzlement of denote Public any Stores in the said Ad particularly described, and the Punilh- Swres* meat of Persons. offending therein, shall extend and be conftruod to extend to all Public 8tores whatsoever, having thereon or therein the Marks usually employed to denote the Public Stores under the Care, Superintendence or Controul of any Officer or Person in His Majeftjr’s Service, or employed in any Public Department or Office,

CAP. CXXVI.

An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad of the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores of War, to all Public Stores.

[rath July 1813.]

and

$6o	C.	126,127.	530GEO.HL	A.D. 1813.

and to all Persons not authorized by contrafting with some fuck Officer or Perfoti using any Marks usually used to or marked upon any of His Majefty’s Stores, or making any Goods so marked, and to all Persons in whole Cuftody, Poffeffion or Keeping any such Goods or Stores so marked shall be found without such Certificate as is ia the (aid Aft mentioned of some such Officer or Person as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all the (aid Penalties and Forfeitures, and Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things in the (aid Aft contained, for the Prevention of Embezzle^ ment of Stores and Puniftunent of Persons offending therein, were severally and separately re-enafted in this Aft as to act Public Stores whatsoever and made Part thereof.

CAP. CXXVII.faf/

An Aft for the better Regulation of Ecclefiaftical Courts in England; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.	[12th	July	1813.3

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that Excommunication, together

*	VV with all Proceedings following thereupon, should, laving in

*	certain cases, be discontinued, and that other Proceedings should be

*	fubflituted in lieu thereof; and that certain other Regulations

*	(hould be made in the Proceedings of the Ecclefiaftical Courts ;

*	and that more convenient modes of recovering Tithes and Church « Rates in certain cases should be provided ;* Re it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, Excommunication, together with all Proceedings following thereupon, shall in all cases, save those hereafter to be Specified, be discontinued, throughout that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England; and that in all Caufes which according to the Laws of this Realm are cognizable in the Ecclefiaftical Courts, when any Person or Persons having been duly cited to appear in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or required to comply with the lawful Orders or Decrees, as well final as interlocutory, of any such Court, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or neglect or refuse to pay Obedience to such lawful Orders or Decrees, or when any Person or Persons shall commit a Contempt in the Face of such Court, no Sentence of Excommunication shall be given or pronounced $ faring in the particular cases hereafter to be (pecified ; but instead thereof, it shall be lawful for the Judges or Judge who issued out the Citation, or whole lawful Orders or Decrees have not been obeyed, or before whom such Contempt in the Face of the Court shall have been committed, to pronounce such Person or Persons contumacious and in contempt, and within Ten Days to signify the fame in the Form to this Aft annexed,

I Vt.i6.b5S' 3B4H.UIto His Majesty in Chancery, as hath heretofore been done in fignify-Satne as in	ing Excommunications ; and thereupon a Writ de Contumace Capiendo*

Writ de Ex-	in the Form to this Aft annexed, shall issue from the CourTof

Chancery, directed to the lame Persons to whom the Writs de Ex-Capwndv. communieato Capiendo have heretofore been dirested; and the fame shall be returnable in like manner as the Writ de Excowmxmcan

Capiendo

Excommumea* rion discontinued, except in certain caiaa.

A.D.i8i3-	53°GEO.III.	C.127.	S&1

Cafundo hath been by Law returnable heretofore, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as the said Writ ; and all Rules and Regulations not hereby altered, now by Law applying to the said Writ and the Proceedings following thereupon, and particularly the several Provilions contained in a certain Aft paded in the Fifth Year of 5 El. c. 23. Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Att for the due Execution of the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo, shall extend and be applied to the said Writ de Contumace Capiendo and the Proceedings following thereupon, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and enacted ; and the proper Officers of the said Court of Chancery are hereby authorized and required to issue such Writ de Contumace Capiendo accordingly ; and all Sheriffs, Gaolers and other Officers are hereby authorized and required to execute the fame, by taking and detaining the Body of the Person again ft whom the said Writ shall be directed to be executed ; and upon the due Appearance of the Party so citrd and not having appeared as aforesaid, or the Obedience of the Party so cited and not having obeyed as aforesaid, or the due Sub-miffion of the Party so having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court, the Judges or Judge of such Ecclefiaftical Court shall pronounce such Party absolved from the Contumacy and Contempt aforesaid, and shall forthwith make an Order upon the Sheriff,

Gaoler or other Officer in whose Cuftody he (hall^he, in the Form to this Aft annexed, for discharging such Party out of Cuftody, and such Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer shall, on the said Order being (hewn to him, so soon as such Party shall have discharged the Cofts lawfully incurred by reason of such Cuftody and Contempt forthwith discharge him.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in In what cases this Aft contained shall prevent any Ecclefiaftical Court from pro- Excommunica-nouncing or declaring Persons to be Excommunicate in definitive Sen- t!on con~ tcnces, ‘or in interlocutory Decrees having the Force and Effeft of t,nuc‘ definitive Sentences, such Sentences or Decrees being pronounced

as Spiritual Cenfures for Offences of Ecclefiaftical Cognizance, in the lame manner as such Court might lawfully have pronounced or declared the fame, had this Aft not been passed.

III.	And be it further enacted. That no Person who shall be so Proceedings in pronounced or declared Excommunicate, shall incur any Civil Penalty case of Excom-or Incapacity whatever, in consequence of such Excommunication, munication. save such Imprisonment, not exceeding Six Months, as the Court pronouncing or declaring such Perfoo Excommunicate shall direct,

and in such case the said Excommunication, and the Term of such Imprifonment, shall be signified or certified to His Majesty in Chancery, in the fame manner as Excommunications have been heretofore signified, and thereupon the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo shall issue, and the usual Proceedings shall be had, and the Party being taken into Cuftody shall remain therein for the Term so dirested, or. until he shall be absolved by such Ecclefiaftical Court.

* IV. And whereas in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King 7 k 8W.j.c.6,

1 William the Third an Aft was made and passed, intituled An A3 for S *•

*	the more eafj Recovery of Small Tithes, whereby, amongst other

*	things therein enacted. Two or more of His Majefty’s Juft ices of

*	the Peace are authorized and required to hear and determine Com-

*	plaints touching Tithes, Oblations and Compofitions fubftrafted or 'withheld, not exceeding Forty Shillings: And whereas it has

53 Geo. III.	, Oo	'become

^

562

Jufticcfc of Peace may determine Complaints re-t'pefcting Tithes rot exceeding Ten Pounds.

Limitation of Adtions refpedl-ing Tithes.

7&8W.3. c-34*5 4-and i G.I. Stat.z. c.6.

is to Quakers negledling to pay Tithes, &c. extended.

Rceovery of Church or Chaptl Rates.

C. 127*	53°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

* become expedient to enlarge such Amount, and also to extend the 4 said A& to all Tithes whatsoever of certain limited Amount ;* Be it enacted, That such Justices of the Peace shall, from and after the paiTing of this A&, be authorized and required to hear and determine all Complaints touching Tithes, Oblations and Compofitions fub-ftrafted or withheld, where the fame shall not exceed Ten Pounds in Amount from any one Person, in all such cases, and by all such means, s>nd subject to all such Provifions'and Remedies, by Appeal or other-wife as contained in the said A6fc of King William, touching Small Tithes, Oblations and Compofitions not exceeding Forty Shilling*: Provided always nevertheless, that, from and after the palBng of this A£t, One Juftice of the Peace shall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to summon the Parties to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace, as in the said A6t is fet forth.

V. And be it further enaAed, That, from and after the palfing of this A&, no A&ion shall be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty for the not setting out Tithes, nor any Suit inflituted in any Court of Equity, or in any Ecclefiaftical Court, to recover the Value of any Tithes, unless such A6tion shall be brought or such Suit commenced within Six Years from the time when such Tithes became due.

4 VI. And whereas in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King

*	William the Third an A& was made and palied, intituled An AS

*	that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People ceM 4 Quakers shall be accepted irflead of an Oath in the itfual /Vs, 4 whereby, among other things, it is therein enacted, where any ‘ Quaker shall refuse to pay tor or compound for his great or small 4 Tithes, or to pay any Church Rates, Two or more of His Majefty’i 4 Justices of the Peace are authorized to hear and determine the fame,

*	not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds: And whereas by a Statute 4 made and passed in the First Year of King George the First tk « said A& is extended to other Obje&s: And whereas it is become 4 expedient to enlarge the (aid Sum ;* Be it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this A6t, all the Provifions of the said Afts of King William and King George shall be deemed and taken to extend to any Value not exceeding Fifty Pounds; Provided always nevertk* less, that, from and after the passing of this A&, One Juftice of tk Peaee shall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to summon the Parties to appear before Two or more Justices of tk Peace* «& in the said A& is fet forth.

4 VII, And whereas it in expedient that Church Rates or Chapel 4 Rates of limited Amount, unduly refused or withheld, should m 4 certain cases be more oafily and speedily recoveredBe it enadH That, from and after the palling of this A&, if any one dulj rated to a Church Rate or Chapel Rate, the Validity whereof has not beet queftipued in any Ecclefiattical Court, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame Sum at which he is so rated, it shall and may be lawful for any One Juftice qF the Peace of the fame County, Riding, City, liberty or Town Corporate, where the ChuTch pr Chapel isUtumri, in refptft whereof such Rate (hafl have been made, upon the Com-plaint of any Churchwarden o/t Churchwardens, Chapel warden or Chapelwardeos, who ought so receive and caUeft the fame, by Warrant under the tWd aud Seal of such Juftice, to convene before any Two oc more such Justices of the Peace any Person so refilling

if	or

A.D.1813.

S3® GEO. III.

C. 127.

563

Qr weeding to pay such Rate, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Juft ices are hereby empowered to administer) into the Merits of the laid Complaint, and by Oder under their Hand* and Seals to direct the Payment of what is due and payable in respect to such Rate, so as the Sum ordered and directed to be paid as afore-faid do not exceed Ten Pounds, over and above the neafonable Cods and Charges, to be ascertained by such Justices; and upon Refufal or Negleft of such Party to pay according to such Order* it shall and may be lawful for any One of such Justices, by Warrant under his Haod and Seal, to levy the Money thereby ordered to be paid, together with the Amount of such Cods ahd Charges, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, his Executors or Adminife trators, rendering only the Overplus to him or her, the necessary Charges of distraining being thereout fkft deducted and allowed by the feid Justices ; and any Person finding him or hdrfeif aggriered by any Judgment given by Two or more such Justices, may appeal to the next General Quarter Seflions to be held for the County, Riding, Cky, .Liberty or Town Corporate wherein the Church or Chapel is (ituated, in respect whereof such Rate shall have been made, and the Justices of the Peace there nrrsent, or the major part of them, shall proceed finally to hear and determine the Matter, and to reverie the (aid Judgment if they shall fee Cause; and if the Justices then present, or the major part of them, shall fihd cause to affirm the Judgment

fiven by the first Two or more Justices, the fame fnall be decreed y Order of SefiioUs, with Cofts, against the Appellant, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Party Appellant: Provided always, that in case any such Appeal be made as aJForesaid, no Warrant oh Diftrefs shall be granted until after such Appeal be determined: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter or interfere with the Jurifdiftion of the Eccle-fiaftkal Cdurts to hear and determine Caufes touching the Validity of any Church Rate or Chapel Rate, or from proceeding to enforce the Payment of arty such Rate, if the fame fnall exceed the Suth of Ten Pounds from the Party proceeded against 2 Provided likewise, that if the Validity of such Rate, or the Liability of the Person from whom it is demanded to pay the feme, be disputed, and the Party difputuig the feme give Notice thereof to the Justices, the Justices shall forbear giving Judgment thereupon, and the Person br Person* demanding the feme may then proceed to the Recovery of their Demand, according to due Courfe of Law* as heretofore used and accaftoUied : Provided likewise, that nothing herein contained shall aflfeft any Regulations that may have been made by Authority of Parliament, respecting the Church Rates or Chapel Rates of any particular Parifhes or Diftrifts.

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the prififtg of this Aft, if any Proftor of the Arches Court of Canterbury, or any other Ecdefiaftical CouU or Courts in which he shall be entitled to aft as Proctor, shall aft as fasch, or permit or fiiffet his Name to be in any manner used in any Suit, the PrefecutioU 6t Defence whereof shall appertain to the Office of a ProftOr, or iti obtaining Probates of Wills, Letters of Admimftration or Marriage Licence*, to or for, or on account of for the Profit and Benefit of aby Person or Persons tool entitled to aft as a Pfoftor, or shall petfhit dr fuffet any such Perfoi or Persons to demand or participate m ftteb Profit O o 2	and

Appeal

Provifo for Ecclcfiafticai Jurifdi&ion.

Provifo.

Prod on allowing their Names to be used by Persons not entitled to ad as Prodors ft ruck off Roll

S64

Exception

Persons exer-ciliug Fundi ions of a k'rodior not being duly enrolled.

Penalty.

ProVifo for Salaries of Clerks of Seven Years itanduig.

Recovery of Penalties, See.

Limitation of A&ions.

General Iffue.,

C.127.	53'GEO.III.	AJD.1813.

and Benefit, and Complaint thereof shall be made to the Court or Courts wherein such Prodor hath been admitted and enrolied, and Proof given to the Satisfadion of the said Court or Courts that focb Prodor hath offended therein as aforesaid, then and in such case every such Prodor so offending shall be (truck off the Roll of Prodorr, and be for ever after disabled from practising as a Prodor, or be suspended from the Office, Fundion and Pradice of a Prodor in all and every the said Court or Courts for so long a Period as the Judge or Judges of the said Court or Courts may deem fit; save and except as to toy Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money that are or (bail be agreed to be made to the Widows or Children of any dcceaied Prodor or Prodors by any surviving Partner or Partners of such deceased Prodor or Prodors 5 and also save and except as to any Agreement made,.or underffood to have been made, between Proctors and Articled Clerks, whose Articles have been executed prior to the passing of this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Ad, in case any Person or Persons shall in his or in their ©vd Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, make, do, ad, exercise or perform any Ad, Matter or Thing whatsoever io any way appertaining or belonging to the Office, Fundion or Pradice of a Prodor, for or in Consideration of any Gain, Fee or Reward, or with a View to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Fundions or Pradice of a Prodor. without being admitted and enrolied, every such Person, for every such Offence, mall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in manner hereinafter mentioned.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Salary which shall be agreed to be paid by a Prodor, his Partner or Succeffor, to a Clerk really and bona fide serving io his Office at the time of. the passing of this Ad, and who shall have been Ua fide serving in the Office of any Prodor or Prodors for Serea

Years next before the passing of the fame.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That all pecuniary Forfeiture! and Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against this Ad, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of His Maicfly’s Courts of Record at IVefiminJUr, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effiun, Protedion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or (he shall recoin any Penalty or Penalties, shall receive the fame for his or her own Ule, with full Cods of Suit.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Suit (hill be brought or commenced for any thing done in pursuance of this Ad, every such Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after .the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the City or County wherein the Ciufc of Adion shall have arisen, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Adion or Suit shall and may plead the Geoeral Ifsue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter m Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or, by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any Adion or Suit shall be brougnt after

tfe

C^

A.D.1813.	5rGE0.m.	c.127.	565

the time limited for bringing the fame, or shall be laid in any other City, County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jodge shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdi&, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Difcontinuance of their A&ion or Suit, after the Defendant,or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment^fhall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble Cofti. Cofts, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or.

Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in any other case by Law,

SCHEDULES to which this A<fl refers.

Schedule (A.)

TO His Mod Excellent Majesty and our Sovereign Lord Georg* Significarit of the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Party being Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith,	Contumacimi*

by Divine Providence, &c.	Health	in

Him by whom Kings and Princes rule and govern: We hereby. ^ notify and signify unto Your Majesty, That one	of

in the County of	hath	been	duly

pronounced guilty of manifest Contumacy and Contempt of the Law and Jurifdi&ion Ecclefiaftical, in not [as the case may be'] appearing before [here ft out the Style of the Ecclefafical Judge, or his Refre-fenlative], or in not obeying the lawful Commands [here fit out the Commands] of [fuch Judge or Representative] or in having committed a Contempt in the race of the Court of [fuch Judge or Representative] lawfully authorized by [here fit out the nature and manner of such Cbntempt], on a Day and Hour now long past, in a certain Caufe of [here fit out the nature of the Caufi, and the Names of the Parties to the fame]. We therefore humbly implore and entreat Your said Moll Excellent Majesty would vouchsafe to command the Body of the faid	to	be	taken

and imprisoned for such Contumacy and Cbntempt. Given under the Seal of our	Court	the

Day of	A.	B. Regiftrar, [or, Deputy Reglftrar, as

the case may be].

Schedule (B.)

GEORGE, &c. To the Sheriff of	Greeting:	Writ	de	Cornu,

The	hath	fignified to Us, that	mace	Capiendo.

of	in	your County of

is manifestly contumacious, and contemns the Jurifdidtion and Authority of [here fully Jlatc the Non-appearance, Difobedience, together *with the Commands disobeyed, or the Contempt in the Face of the Court, as the case may be], nor will he submit to the Ecclefiaftical Jurifdic-tion; but foralmuch as the Royal Power ought not to be wanting ta enforce such Jurifdiction, We command you that you attach the faid

by his Body, until he shall have made Satisfa&ion for the said Contempt; and how you shall execute this our Precept notify unto	and	in	nowife	omit	this,

and have you there this Writ. Witncfs Ourfelf at Wellminster, ihe Day of	in	the

Year of our Reign.

' O o 3	Schedule

S66

530 GEO. III.

Schedule (C.)

A-D.i8i>

C. 127, 128.

Writ of Deli-v trance.

WHEREAS	of

in your County of	whom lately, at	the denouncing of	for	Contumacy,	and	by	Writ iffbed

thereupon, you attached by his Body until he should have made Satisfaction for the Contempt; now he haying submitted himself, and satisfied the laid Contempt, We hereby empower and command von, that without Delay you cause thrfaid

to be delivered out of the Prifon in which he is so detained, if upon that Occafion and no other he shall be detained therein. Given under the Seal of our	of

A. B. Regiftrar, [or, Deputy Regiftrar, as the case may fc.)

Extrafted by j£. F\

Fronton.

33

t. ax.

%

cap. cxxvnr.

An Aft to relieve from the Operation of the Statute of the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An AEl for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popjb Recufants, all such of His Majefty’s Popifli or fcoman Catholic Subjefts of Ireland, as by virtue of the Aft of Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Relief of His Mayejtfs Popijh or Roman Catholic Subjects c/'Ireland, hold, exercise or enjoy any Civil or Military Offices* or Places of Truft or Profit, or any other Office whatsoever, of which Hi9 Majefty’s said Subjefts are by the fakt Aft of Parliament of Ireland rendered capable.	[12th	July	1813.]

4 \Y7HEREAS by an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the 4 W Thirty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled 4 An A8 for the Relief of His Majejlyfs Popijh or Roman Cadofu 4 SubjeBs of Ireland, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for

•	PaDifts, or Perfops prefeffing the Popifh or Roman Catholic

•	Religion, to hold, exercise and enjoy'all Civil and Military Offices 4 or Places of Truft or Profit under His Majesty, his Hein ind 4 Succeffors, in the Kingdom of Ireland (except such Offices as are 4 excepted in any Provifo contained in the said Aft of the Parliament 4 of Ireland'S, apd to hold or take Peepers, or any Profefforthip in, 4 or be Mafters or Fellows of any College to be thereafter founded 4 in the (aid Kingdom, provided that such College shall be 2

•	Member of the IJniverfity of' Duhliu> and shall not be founded 4 exclusively for the Education of Papifts or Persons profeffiog tbe

•	Popifh or Roman Catholic Religion, nor conftft exclufiveij of

•	Mafters, Fellows or other Perfona to be named or elected on tbe

•	Foundation of such College being Persons professing the Popift

•	or Roman Catholic Religion, or to hold any Office or Place of 4 Truft in, and to be a Member of any Lay Body Corporate, except 4 the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, 4 near Dublin, without taking or fubferibing the Oaths of Alle-

•	giance, Supremacy or Abjuration, or making or fubferibing the 4 Declaration required to be taken, made and iubferibed, to enible 4 any Person to bold and enjoy any of such Places, and without

4 receiving

C. 128.

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.

S67

c receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the

*	Rights and Ceremonies of the Church of Inland; any Law,

*	Statute or Bye-Law of any Corporation to the contrary notwith-f standing ; provided that every such Person shall take and fubfcribe

‘ the Oath appointed by an Aft in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth I4q. ,

*	Year* of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to enable His ([.) c.35. *

4 Majefly’s Subjefls of whatever Perfuafton% to te/lify their Allegiance

4 to Him% and also the Oath and Declaration mentioned in the said 4 Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of the ' Reign of His Majesty : And whereas Doubts have been enter-c tained whether, notwithstanding the said Aft of the Parliament of 4 Ireland, Persons holding, exercising and enjoying Civil or Military 4 Offices, or Places of Truft or Profit, granted to them in Irelandy 4 under and by virtue of the Authority of the said Aft of the 4 Parliament of Ireland, may not be rendered liable whilst in

*	England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy or in His Majefty’s Navy,

*	or in the Iflands of Jersey or Guernsey, to the Pains, Penalties,

4 Forfeitures or Difabilities, enacted by the Aft of the Twenty fifth 4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second,

4 intituled An A3 for preventing Dangers which may happen from

*	Popi/b Recufants May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That all such of His Majefty’s said Popifh or Roman Catholic Roman Cathc-Subjefts as hold, exercise and enjoy any Civil or Military Office lies hoMing Civil or Offices, or Place or Places of Truft or Profit, or other Office or or Military Situation whatsoever, granted to them or any of them in Irelandy ?, *1,1	.

under and by virtue of theAutliority of the said Aft of the Parlia- u„ede" <3™. I. ment of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His c. ai. not liable Majesty, and who shall have duly taken the Oaths and Declaration in England, &c. required by the said Aft, shall not, in respect of any such Office, 10 Penalties of Place or Situation, be liable, in England\ Walesy Berwick upon *•* Car,a* c *" Tweedy or in His Majefty’s Navy, or in the Iftandt of Jersey or Guemfcyy to any of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures or Difabilities enafted-by the said Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popi/b Recufantsy but shall be wholly freed and exempt therefrom ; any thing in the said last mentioned Aft to the contrary notwithstanding; and shall also be wholly freed and exempt from all Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities what-foever in the said several Places last mentioned, for not making, taking and fubferibing the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy or Abjuration, or for not making, taking and fubferibing the Declaration required to be taken to enable any Person to bold and enjoy any Office or Place of Truft or Profit, or for not receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according ta the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; any thing contained in any Aft of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority afore said, iThat if Regulation as any of His said Majefty’s Popifh or Roman Catholic Subjests, having 10 tahing of duly taken the Oaths and Declaration required by this Aft, shall ^^nulCons *n take or have takert in Ireland a Commiffion in His Majefty’s Army, rmy*

O o 4	and

568

*5 Car. a c.a.

49 G.3. c. »6.

Not to extend to Offices of Six Clerks in Chancery in Ireland.

C. 128, 129, 130.	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8ij.

and shall afterwards take a higher Commiflion or higher Commiflions in Great Britain, within.the Intent and Meaning of the said Ad ; or if any Person having enlifled as a Private in any Regiment in Ireland, or being a Non Commiffioned Officer in such Regiment, shall after-wards take Or have taken a Commiffion in the said or any other Regiment in Great Britain, and shall have duly taken the Oaths and Declaration required by the said Ad, such Person (hail not, in respect of such Commiffion or Commissions, be liable, in England, Wales, Berwick upon Tweed, or in His Majefly's Navy, or in the Iflandsof Jersey or Guernsey, to any of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures or Disabilities enacted by the said Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popijh Recufants, but mall be wholly freed and exempt therefrom ; any thing in the said last mentioned Ad to the contrary notwithstanding; and shall also be wholly freed and exempt from all Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilitks whatsoever in the said several Places last mentioned, for not making,’ taking and fubferibing the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy or Abjuration, or for not making, taking and fubferibing the Declaration required to be taken to enable any Person to hold and enjoy any Office or Place of Truft or Profit, or for not receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; anything contained in any Ad of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices, so far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

[12th July 1813.]

4 TT 7 HERE AS an Ad was parted in the Forty ninth Year of 4 VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for the further Pre-4 vention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices ; and it is reasonable that 4 the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland 4 should be excepted from the Operation of the said Ad;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That nothing in the said Ad contained for preventing the Purchase, Sale, Exchange or Brokerage of Offices, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Purchases, Sales or Exchanges of any Office or Offices of a Six Clerk or Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland; any thing in the said recited Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXX.

An Ad to continue, until the First Day of January One thou-fand eight hundred and fourteen, or in case Parliament fhaU not have assembled before the said First Day of January, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament, certain Ads, for appointing Commissioners to

A.X5.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	130.	569

enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abufes which may exist in the fame, and into the mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.	[l2th	July	1813.]

*	"^KTTHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty fourth Year of Hia 44G.3.C.10&

*	V V present Majelly’s Reign intituled An Ad for appointing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred andfive, Commif

Jtoners to enquire into the Feesf Gratuities, Perquifites and Emoluments which are or have been lately received in the several Public Ojfices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abufes which may exifi in the fame $ and into the present Mode of receiving, colleding, ijfuing

*	and accounting for Public Money in Ireland; and the said recited

*	AEt has, by certain Ads made in the Forty fifth, Forty seventh, 45 G. 3. c. 65.

« Forty ninth, Fiftieth, Fifty first and Fifty second Years of His 47 O. 3. SelE 1.

« present Majefty’s Reign, been continued wfth Amendments until c‘4q. t

*	the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and thirteen:	c.	Si*.

*	And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Ad of the 510. 3. c.Hif « Forty fourth Year, as amended by the said other recited Ads, 51G.3. c.qz.

*	(Would be continued in manner hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, Tiiat the said recited Ad of the Forty fourth Year afore- continued, said, as amended by the said other recited Ads, shall be and the said A6ts are hereby further continued until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or in case Parliament shall not have afTembled before the said First Day of January, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for a,oooJ. MTued the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland, or the ^ifor Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are pa^ent of hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be issued over clerks, Officers and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Ads of the Forty and other Ex-fourth, Forty seventh, Forty ninth. Fiftieth, Fifty first and Fifty pe«c«. second Years aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds to such Person or Persons as the Commilfioners under the said recited Ads, or any Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands desire or direct, out of any Part of the Public Monies, remaining in His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Meflengers and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Ad and this Ad, and in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commiflioners or any Three or more of them, by Writing" under their Hands and Seals in that behalf; and that such Sums mall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be issued or paid according to the Courfe of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, without any Fees or	/

other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the fame on the palling of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commiflioners or any Three or more of them shall appoint.

CAP.

C. 131.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Grand Julies may make Pre-fentracnts for buikftng,&c. of Conn House*, See. and empower Oveifcersio make Contract for Work, to be approved of by such Grand Jury.

Contrails in Writing.

CAP. CXXXI.

An A&. to make farther Regulations for the Building and Repairing of Court Houfes and Seffion^ Houfes in Ireland.

[I2th July 1813.]

*	TT T HERE AS it is expedient to make further Regulations

*	VV for the Building and Repairing of Court Houfes and

*	Seffions Houfes in Ireland;* Be it enabled by the King’s Moil Excellent Majetty, bv and with tlic Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflrmbled, and bv the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palfing of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful fbi the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in Ireland, at any Affizes or Presenting Term for such County, County of a City or County of a Town* and they are hereby required from time to time to enquire into the State of the Court Houfes or Seffions Houfes of such County, County of a City or County of a Town 5 and if they fhaU find any fiteh Court Houfes or Seffions Houfes in waat of Repair, or deficient ia any Accommodations or Advantages requHite for the fame, such Grand Jury is hereby empowered to present such Sum or Sums, to be railed off such County, County of a City or County of a TOwn, as (haU be deemed necessary to remedy such Deficiency, either by enlarging or altering such Court Houfes or Seffions Houfe9, or by building a new Court House or Seffions Houfc in lieu thereof, or to effect att such Repairs as may be necessary; and that whenever any Prefentm* shall be made by such Grand Jury, for the building, repairing, es-larging or rebuilding of any Court House or Seffions Houle, it Audi and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to direct that the Overfeen appointed for the overseeing of such Work shall, before the then next ensuing Affizes or Prefenting Term* enter into a Contrad with some Person or Persons duly qualified for performing the Whole or any Part of the Work so prefeitfed to be done; and the (aid Oxer-feers are hereby empowered and required to make and enter into such Contra# accordingly with any Person or Persons, and his or their Surety or Sureties for performing the fame ; in which Contrad the Nature of the Work to be done, and the time within which the fame is to be completed, the whole Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the fame, and the periodical or other time or times of Pay* ment or Advance of such Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts there* to the Contractor or Contractors, (haU be fuHy dated and fet forth; and every such Contend shall be made and entered into in Writing at lead Fourteen Days next before such ensuing Affixes or Prefenting Term, and shall at the Affizes or Prefenting Term next after the fame shall be so made and entered mto, be laid before the Grand Jury, who fhaU signify on the Back of such Contrad their Approbation or Difapprobation thereof, and of the Sufficiency of the Sureties for performing such Contrad; and the Approbation of such Grand Jury, when given, fhaU be entered in the Presentment Book at the said Afsizes, and shall be fiated by the Judge at inch Afsizes, whereupon such Contrad shall be binding and coricUifise oa all Parties to all Intents and Purposea; and if such Contmd shall not be so approved of by such Grand Jury, the fame fhaU be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

II. Pm*

A.D.i8i3-

53 GEO. III.

C. >31#	571

II.	Provided always, aad be it farther enacted, That it Thailand ContraS: may be may be lawful for any Person o? Persons to appear at the Affixes of tr£err*d Prefenting Term at which such Contract shall be so laid before the Ground that Grand Jury, and to traverse the Propriety of such Contract, on the pr-lcc exceffivt. Ground only that the Price agreed to be paid for the Work contracted to be done is excessive j and whenever any Person shall fo

appear and traverse the Propriety of such Contract upon the Ground of such excessive Price, it shall be lawful for the Court at such Affizes or Prefenting Term, and they are hereby required to try the Merita of such Traverfe by a Jury, tn the fame manner as any other Traverfe within the Jurifdiorion of such Court ought to be tried at such Afsizes; and in cafo the Jury shall find for such Traverse, such Contraft shall thereupon be difalloWed and annulled 5 and if they shall find against such Traverse, such Contract shall stand good and valid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Preferment Expences of

shall be made for the building, enlarging, repairing or rebuilding any erecting Court Court House or Seffions House as aforesaid, and the Sum necessary Houfe%&c.may to be' raised for the fame (halt be greater than k may be proper to *J!r*‘fed by raise in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, in , a 1	»

One Half Year, then and m every such case it shall be lawful for the lnftalments-Grand Jury presenting the fame, to present in the first Inftance the

whole Sum to be expended therein, and to direct in and by such Presentment that the fame shall be raised on the County, Comity of a City or County of a Town, by any Half-yearly or Yearly Sums or lnftalments in manner and at the time* therein fpeeified, and in such Proportions as to such Grand Jury may (item expedient; and the fame fhaH be so raised accordingly: Provided always, that it shall provif0. be lawfol for any fubfequetit Grand Jury to present that any of the lnftalments shall be increased or diminished to any Sum that shall be stipulated to be paid in or by such Contraft as may have been entered inth under or by virtue of this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiaU and may be lawful Grand Jury may

for the Grand Jury, at the Affizes or Prefenting Term at which present that such Contra ft as aforesaid shall be approved of as aforesaid, or at	**

any subsequent Affizes or Prefenting Term, to present that any Sum Contra&ork

or Sums agreed by such Contraft to be paid or advanced to the Contraftor or Contraftora at any Times or Periods in the said Contraft fpeeified* or any other Sum or Sums in the D&fcretion of the said Grand Jury, shall be paid and advanced to such Contraftor or Contraft or* at such Times or Periods as shall be fpeeified m such Frefentment by the Treasurer of the County, upon the Order in Writing of such Overseers; and such Overseers and Contraftora shall thereupon, before any Sum shall be so advaneed, enter into a Recognizance before the Court in double the Sum so to be advaneed, conditioned that the Money so to be advanced shall be applied for the Purpofe for which the fame was so presented, and none other 5 and that such Overseers and such Contraftor or Contraftors or some of them, (haH at the next Affizes or Prefenting Term justly and fairly account for the fame, and that they or some of them, their Executors or Adminiftrators, shall at such enfoing Affizes or Prefenting Term pay to the Treasurer for the time being of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, any Balance or Part of such Money which shall not by-fuch Account appear to have been applied for the

Purpofe aforesaid.

V.	And

57*

Overfters and Contractors accounting.

Ad to extend to Contracts already made.

Grand Jury may

rurchafe

Housea,&c.

I131.	53’GEO. III.	AJ).i3ij.

V* And be it further enacted, That such Ovferfeers and Con-tradors shall, at the next ensuing AJfizes or Presenting Term as aforesaid, lay before the Grand Jury and the Court aJuft and fair Account in Writing, of all and every Expenditure and Expenditures of such Money so to be advaneed, and the particular Purposes for which the fame was expended, and the Quantities and Prices of each Material bought therewith, and such Account shall be verified by Affidavit in Writing at the Foot thereof, to be made in open Court by the Contractor or Contractors, or one of them, and shall Rate that the whole of the Money was so expended for the foie Purpofe of executing the Work so prerented pursuant to the Prefentaent thereof} and whenever any such Work shall be finished, and the Accounts of the said Con traders approved of and pa fled by the Grand Jury and the Court, it shall be ordered that all such Recognizances so entered into shall be vacated on the last Day of the next Aifizes or Presenting Term, and they shall be so vacated accordingly 5 unless fomc sufficient Complaint laid before the Court or the Grand Jury sufficient Caufe shall appear to induce the Court tomske an Order to the contrary ; and provided if there be any Balance unexpended, a Certificate of the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, shall be laid before the Grand Jury and the Court, and setting forth that he had received the said Balance and applied it to the Credit of the County* County of a City or County of a Town.

VI,	And be it further enacted, That if at any time before the passing of this Ad any Overfeer or Overseers duly appointed by soy Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, shall have made and entered into any Contrad or Contrad* for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing of any Seffions House or Court House, the fame shall be laid before the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, at the Affizes or Prefenti^g Term next ensuing the palling of this Ad, and if it shall appear to such Grand Jury that such Contrad hath been in Part executed, they shall signify the fame on the Back of such Contrad, and thereupon the fame shall be good and valid, and the Provifions of this Ad shall be applied to the Execution thereof, as if the fame had been duly approved and not traversed; and if it shall appear to such Grand Jury that such Contrad has not been in Part executed, they shall signify on the Back of such Contrad their Approbation or Difapprobation thereof, and thereupon the fame, if approved, shall be liable to be traversed, and be in all respects in the fame State and Condition aud be executed in the fame manner, and the Provifions of this Ad shall be applied to the Execution thereof, as if the fame had been presented and regularly approved or disapproved under this Ad ; and that all Money which may have been or shall be advanced or paid to such Contrador or Contractors, shall be duly accounted for in manner required by this Ad; and that no Sum shall after the passing of this Ad be paid to any Contrador, until he shall have so accounted for all Sums so prt-vioufly received by him.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prefentment shall have been or shall be made for the Purpofe of building, rebuilding or repairing any Seffions House or Coort House in or for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, and it shall happen

that

.573

AJ).i8i3»

53* GEO. III.

C. 131.

that any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments may be convenient for the Scite of any new Court House or Seffions House, or may be adjoining to any old Court or Seffions House, and be convenient for the Purpofe of enlarging the fame, or the Courts or Outlets thereunto belonging, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Corporate or Politic, who may be willing to demise or fell such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, and such Grand Jury shall direct that the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so contracted or agreed for, shall be demised or conveyed to such Com-miffioners, as iuch Grand Jury shall appoint, and to their Heirs,

Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, in Truft for the Ufes and Purpofes a fore (aid, in such manner and under such Rules and Regulations for the appointing such Commiflioners, and for the demiting and conveying such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be so agreed or con traded for as aforesaid, to such Commiflioners, as are contained in an Ad made in the Fiftieth 50 0.3, c. 103. Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled Art A3 for repealing §16. the several Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland 5 and for re-enaQing such of the Provifons thereof as have been found ufefuf, with Amendments, with respect to 'the Appointment of Commiflioners, and the demiting or conveying of any Houfe6, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to such Commiflioners, under the said recited Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any new Court Court House House shall have been erected for any County, according to the deemed P«ri of Provifions of this Ad, if it shall so happen that the fame shall be County for built within a County of a City or County of a Town, wherein the whlct built* Aflize8 or Prefenting Term for such County have been usually held,

the said Court House with its Appurtenances shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County at large, for which the fame shall have been built as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded/That it shall and may be lawful Grind Jury may for the Grand Jury of at»y County, County of a City or County of ^ old Court

a Town, to fell or dispose, and to authorize the Sale and Difpofal Houle*» of any old Court Houle or Seffions House belonging to such County,

County of a City or County of a Town, in which the Affizes or

Seffions for such County, County of a City or County of a Town,

have been difeontinued or ceased to be held, together with Ground

or Scite on which the fame is built, according to the Title or

Intereft which such County, County of a City or County of a

Town, may have in the fame ; and also to fell and dispose of, and to

authorize the Sale and Difpofal of all or any Part of the Materials

of which such old Court House or Seffions House may be com-

pofed : Provided always, that the Money arising therefrom shall be Money paid to

paid into the Hands ot the Treasurer of such County, County of a Treifurer of

City or County of a Town, to the Credit of such County, or County, Sec.

County of a City or County of a Town, subject to be thereafter

presented, and to answer such Demands, and to be accounted for in

the fame manner as any other Sum or Sums of Money levied upon

Counties at large, and placed in the Hands of the Treasurer of (licit

County, County of a City or County of a Town, are now or

hereafter may be subject by Law.

CAP.

S?4

C. 132.

53 GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

<1 G. 3. C.U&

37 g-3- c.ay.

Militia of Tovter Hamlets liable to l'erve iu •11 Farts of United Kingdom.

31 G 3. c. 11?. as to Extenfion of Service, extended to Tower Hamlets Militia.

Provifions cf 51 G. 3. c. 118. empowering Fits Majesty to accept vdimtary Offers of Eiten-fion of Service, fire. extended to Militia of Tower Hamlen now lerving.

CAP. CXXXII.

An A&. to extend the Services of the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to all Parts of the United Kingdom.

[12th July 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS an A£t of Parliament passed ih the Fifty first ( VY Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Ad 4 to permit the Interchange of the British and Irifh Militias respectively: 4 And whereas the Extenfion of Service of the Militia of England*

*	Scotland and Ireland refpedively♦ to any Part of the United 4 Kingdom has been found highly beneficial, and it is therefore ex-4 pedient that the Services of the Militia raised under an Ad paffird ‘ m the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c intituled An A3 for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces

*	of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex; and the Pro-4 viiions of the Ads relating to the Militia which extend to the 4 said Militia of the Tower Hamlets should in like manner be extended ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual sod Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, tad by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Persons who may be commissioned, raised or inrolled in and for the Militia of the Tower Hamlets after the palling of this Ad, whether by Ballot or otherwise under any Ad now in force, or which may hereafter be in force, for raising Men for the said Militia, shall be liable to serve in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing contained in the laid nedted Ad of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, or any other Ad or A&s of Parliament relating to the Tower Hamlets Militia to the contrary not-withflanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Claufes and Provifions of the said recited Ad of the Fifty first Year aforesaid, as to th* Extenfion of Service of the Militia and as to the Oaths to be taken by Persons raised or enrolled or appointed to serve in the Militia after the passing of the said Ad, shall extend and be applied and put in force as to the Militia to be raised or inrolied, ana as to Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers Co be appointed for the Tower Hamlets after the palling of this A6t, as fully and effectually to aO Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were severally and feparatdy re-cnaded in and made Part of the Body of this Ad, and ai if the laid Militia of the Tower Hamlets had been included in the said Ad 5 any thing in the said recited Ad of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Tower Hamlets Militia to the contrary not with (landing.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the Claufes and Provifions in the (aid recked Ad of the Fifty first Year aforesaid contained, relating to the Militia serving at the time of puffing the said Ad, and to empower His Majcfly to accept the voluntary Offers of Extenfion of Service of such Militia, and the Bounties to be given and Oaths to be taken and manner in which such ProvifioM are to be explained by Commanding Officers of the Militia to the Perioas willing to make such Offers, and all Regulations, Matter* and Things in the said Ad contained relating thereto, Ihall extetfd to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets now fetying, as fatty nd

effcdually

A.D.i8i3-	53	GEO.IIL	C.132,	133*	575

efleftually as if the fame were severally and respectively re-enafted is and made Part of this Aft, and as. if the said Militia of the Tower Hamlets had been included in the said recited Aft of the Fifty first Year afore said, and the said Aft and this Aft shall be construed together as One Aft ; any thing in the said recited Aft of the Thirty leventh Year aforesaid, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to the contrary notwithstanding:

CAP. CXXX1II.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the present Seflion of Parliament, for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Eftate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public.

[12th July 1813.]

4 'INHEREAS by an Aft paifed in the present Seflion of Parlia- ^ 0.3. c.4 4 V t ment, intituled An AS for granting a Sum of Money for pur-

*	ebajing an EJlate for the Marquis of Wellington and bis Heirs, in 4 Conftderation of the eminent and Jignal Services performed by the faid

4 Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public, a Sum not 1 x*

*	exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds was granted out of the

*	Confolidated Fund of Great Britain to the Speaker of the House 4 of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or First 1 Lord Commiflioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Ex-

*	cheauer for the time being respectively, the Right Honourable

*	William Wellefleu Pole* and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald

4 Valerian WcUcjley* Doftor in Divinity, who were thereby required $ 7.

4 to invest the fame in the Purchafe of Freehold Manors, Lands, Tene-4 meuts and Hereditaments in Great Britain ; and it was enacted that § 7;

4 the*said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments should, when 4 lo purchased, be forthwith fettled, conveyed and assured to the Ufe of 4 the said Marquis of Wellington* and to the Heirs Male of the Body of 4 the said Marquis of Wellington* and to such other Person to whom the 4 Title, Honour and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington should 4 defeend, pursuant to the Limitations of the Patent whereby the 4 said Dignity was granted, and in Default and on Failure of the 4 Heirs Male of the Body of the said Marquis, then to the Ufe of 4 the Heirs of his Body; And whereas it was intended that the 4 Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased 4 should always go along and be enjoyed with the laid Title, Honour 4 and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington, so long as the fame should 4 endure, and that the said Premifes should also be unalienable until 4 there foould be a Failure of Ifiue of the Body of the said Marquis 4 of Wellington; but Doubts may arise whether the Manors, Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid,

4 would be unalienable, by reason that no express Provifion for that 4 Purpofe is contained in the said recited Aft;9 Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fb long as the said Title, Honour and Dig- Prtmi&s pur-nity of Marquis of Wellington shall endure, amF until there shall be a chafed under Failure of IiTue of the Body of the laid Marquis of Wellington, neither recited At\ ihall

the be unalienable

until a Failure of IlTue.

On Failure pf Heirs of Marquis of Wellington, Premifes shall vest in Fee Simple, and may be difpoled of by Deed or Will.

Manfion House built and Plea-fure Grounds provided.

C. 133*	53'GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

the said Marquis of Wellington, nor any other Person to whom the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased shall or may descend or Hand limited by virtue of the Limitations directed by the said recited Ad, shall have any Power, by Fine or Recovery, or by the Exercife of any Power, or by any other A6t, Aflurance or Conveyance in the Law, to hinder, bar or difinhcrit any the Person or Persons to or upon whom the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments arc by the said recited Ad to be vested or limited from holding or enjoying the fame, according to the said Limitations, other than and except fucli Leafes and Jointures, and Power of felling and felling Timber, and disposing of the Monies thence arising, as may be made or exercised under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, and Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Cuftoms of the respective Manors to be purchased, whereof the fame may be held, but all such Fines, Recoveries, Ads, AfTurances and Conveyances, other than such Leafes and Jointures, and Powers and Grants, by Copy as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared and enabled to be void.

II.	And be it further enabled, That on failure of the Heirs of the Body of the said Marquis of Wellington, the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, shall go and remain to the Ufe of the said Marquis and his Heirs and Afligns, which ultimate Remainder or Reverfion in Fee Simple it shall be lawful for the said Marquis of Wellington, and his Heirs and Afligns, at any time or times during the Continuance of the said Honour, Title and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington, and until there shall be a Failure of IfTue of his Body, notwithstanding any thing hereinbefore contained, to grant, convey, devise or dispose of, by Deed or Will, or other Aflurance or Aflurances by which Freehold Eftates in Remainder or Reverfion are capable by Law of being conveyed or disposed of.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons by the said Adi authorized, to *inveft a Sum not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds in the manner aforesaid, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built upon Part of the Land which shall be purchased as aforesaid, a Manfion House, with suitable Out Offices and Our Buildings which in their Difcretion and Judgment shall be suitable and fit for the Refidence of the Marquis of Wellington for the time being, and to lay out and appropriate, according to such Difcretion and Judgment, any Part or Parts of such Land to be so purchased as and for a Garden or Gardens, and as aud for a Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds, and to make, ered and build, or cause to be made, erected and built thereon, such Edifices or Buildings, and Walls and Fences as shall, according to such Difcretion and Judgment, be fitting and proper, and to pay and apply a sufficient Part of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in satisfying and discharging the Cofts and Expeuces of erecting and building such Manfion Home, Out Offices and Out Buildings, and of making, erecting and building such other Eredions, Walls and Fences, and laying out and appropriating such Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds as aforesaid, and of making such Avenues, Walks and Rides,, Borders and Divisions, in the Tame Garden or Gardens, Park and Pleafure

Ground

577

A.D.i8i3*	530GEO. III.	0.133,134.

Ground or Grounds, and of planting and furnifhlng the. fame respectively with such Trees, Roots, Shrubs and Plants, as in such Difcretion and Judgment as aforesaid shall be fit and proper; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons so.authorized by the said recited Act to make such Inveitment as aforesaid, to pull down or canfe to be pulled down any Erections or Buildings that shall or may be (landing or being upon the Lands which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, and to fell and dispose of all or any of the old Material?, and to give sufficient Receipts or Dif-charges for the Price at which the fame Materials or any Part or Parts thereof shall be fold, or otherwise to cause such Materials or any Part thereof to be used and worked up in making such new Erections or Buildings, or other Works as aforesaid, or in such Repairs or other Works as hereinafter mentioned ; all which Sum or Sums to be received as the Price of old Materials fold as aforesaid shall be portefled by the Persons receiving the fame, on the like Trulls as are by the said recited A ft declared of the Money thereby authorized to be paid to Trustees thereby appointed as aforesaid.

IV.	Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case Buildings sl-the Persons authorized to make such Inveftment as aforesaid shall ready erected think it fitting, it shall and may be lawful to and for them, and they	foL

are hereby authorized to repair and put in complete Repair, and on ouc‘ make any Additions to or Alterations in any Mertuage or Manfiou House, Out Offices and Out Buildings, that shall or may be itanding or being upon the Land which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, and to make any Erections or Buildings, Plantations or other Improvements, or any Alterations in or Additions to, or Subftitutions for all or any Part of the Land so to be purchased, which shall have been * already laid out, or shall be deemed proper to be laid out as and fore Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds, so as in the Judgment and Difcretion of the fame Persons to render the whole fit for such Refidence as aforesaid, and to pay and apply a sufficient Part of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, in fatisfyiug and dif-charging the Cods and Expences of such Repairs, Aiterations,

Additions, Subftitutions and Improvements last hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for settling and securing a certain Annuity, and for purchasing an Eftate for the Earl Nelfon.

[12th July 1813.]

*	TTTHEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty sixth Year of

*	VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled yin A3 for

*	fettling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelfon and the

*	Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of

*	Earl Nelfon may defend} and for granting a Sum of Money to fur*

*	chafe an EJlate to accompany the said Title ; and also for granting a

*	Sum of Money for the Ufe of the Sifters of the late Vice Admiral

*	Vifcount Nelfon, in Consideration of the eminent and Jtgnal Services

*	Performed by the said late Viscount Nelfon to His Majesty and the

*	Public, a Sum not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds was granted

53 Geo. III.	P	p	« out

46G.3. c. 146.

Ct34*

53” GEO. in.

A.D.l8l3.

*	out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Speaker of the ‘ House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain,

*	or Fir ft Lord Commiflioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the

*	Exchequer, the First Lord Commiffioner of the Admiralty and the 4 Treasurer of the Navy for the time being respectively, the Honour-

$ if* 4 able George Walpole* Alexander Davifon Efquire and William 4 Hajlcwood Esquire, who were thereby required to invest the fame

*	in the Purchafe of a Manfion House, and of any Freehold Manors,

*	Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a good Eftate of Inhe* 4 ritance in Fee Simple, in Pofieflion to be free from Incumbrances, 4 except Fee Farm Kents and Quit Rents, and other Rents andSer-4 vices, and to be situate in any Part of Great Britain, and the Man-

• *7*	« {ion House to be called Trafalgar House; and it was enaScd,

4 That the said Manfion Houle, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments should when so purchased be forthwith 4 fettled, conveyed and aiTured to the Ufe of the Reverend William 4 Earl Nelfon and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl 4 Nelfon, and to such other Person to whom the Title, Honour and 4 Dignity of Earl Nelfon should descend, pursuant to the Limita-4 tions of the Patent whereby the said Dignity was granted: And 4 whereas it was intended that the Manfion House, Freehold Maoors, 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased ihould 4 always go along and be enjoyed with the said Title, Honour and 4 Dignity of Earl Nelfon, so long as the fame fbould endure; but 4 Doubts may arise whether the Manfion House, Freehold Manors, 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased as 4 aforesaid, would, during the Continuance of the said Title, Houour •	4 and Dignity, be unalienable, by reason that no express Provifion for

4 that Purpofe is contained in the said recited Ad;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, sad Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority Premlfes pur- ^ fame, That so long as the said Title, Honour and Dignity of chafed under Earl Nelfon shall endure, neither the said Earl Nelfon, nor any other recited Alt shall Person to whom the Manfion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tene-b« unalienable, ments and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall or may defceod, or stand limited by virtue of the Limitations directed by the said recited Ad, shall have any Power by Fine or Recovery, or by the Exercife of any Power, or by any other Ad, Affurance or Conveyance in the Law, to hinder, bar or disinherit any the Person or Persons to or upon whom the said Manfion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, are by the said recited Afi to be veiled or limited from holding or eujoying the fame according to the said Limitations, other than and except such Leafes and Powers of felling and felling Timber, and disposing of the Monies thereon arising, as may be made Or exercised under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, and Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Cuftoms of the refpe&ivc Manors to be purchased, whereof the fame may be held ; hut all such Fines, Recoveries, Ads, Affurances and Conveyances, other than such Leafes and Powers, and Grants by Copy as aforesaid, shall be aod ait hereby declared and enacted to he void.

On Failure of II. And be it further enacted, That on Failure of the Hein Male Title, Premifes of the Body of the said William Earl Nelfon, and on Failure of the ftull become Fee	£ud

579

A.D.i8i3<	53#CEO. lit.	C.	134,

i said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelfon, the Manfion House, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be ; purchased as aforesaid, shall remain to the Ufe of the said Wtlttam r Earl Nelfon, and his Heirs and Afligns for ever, which ultimate \ Remainder or Reverfion in Fee Simple, it shall be lawful for the said Wilftam Earl Nelfon, his Heirs and Afligns, at any time or times . during the Continuance of the said Title, Honour and Dignity of : Earl Nelfon, and notwithstanding any thing hereinbefore contained, 3 to grant, convey, devise or dispose of, by Deed or Will, or other ; Aflurance or Aflurances whereby Freehold Edates in Remainder or ; Reverfion are by Law capable of being conveyed or disposed of.

5 III. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons by the said recited Aft autho-r; rized, to invest a Sum not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds in the ■ manner aforesaid, to erect and buud, or cause to be erected and t built, upon Part of the Land which shall be purchased as aforesaid,

: a Manfion House, with suitable Out Offices and Out Buildings, j which in their Difcretion and Judgment shall be suitable and fit for the Refidence of the Earl Nelfon for the time being, and to lay s,, out and appropriate, according to such Difcretion and Judgment, any Part or Parts of such Land to be so purchased, as and for a Garden or Gardens, and as and for a Park or Pleafure Ground or . Grounds, and to make, erect and build, or cause to be made, erected and built thereon, such Edifices or Buildings, and Walls and Fences as shall, according to such Difcretion and Judgment, be fitting and proper, and to pay and apply a sufficient Part of the ' said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum .of Ten thousand Pounds, in satisfying and discharging the Cods and " Expences of erecting and building such Manfion House, Out Offices and Out Buildings, and of making/ereding and building such ' other Erections, Walls and Fences, and laying out and appropriating such Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds as aforesaid, and of making such Avenues, Walks and Rides, Border* and Divi(ion8 in the fame Garden or Gardens, Park and ,PIeafure Ground or Grounds, and of planting and furnifiiing the fame refoe&ively with such Trees, Roots, Shrubs and Plants, as in such Difcretion and Judgment as aforesaid shall be fit and proper; and aHo that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons so authorized by the said retited A& to make such Inveftments as aforesaid, to pull down or cause to be pulled down any Ere&ions or Buildings that shall or may be (landing or being upon the Lands which (nail be so purchased as aforesaid, and to fell and dispose of all or any of the old Materials, and to give sufficient Receipts or Dif-charges for the Price at which the fame Materials or any Part or Parts thereof shall be fold, or otherwise to cause such Materials or any Part thereof to be used and worked up in making such new Ereflions or Buildings, or other Works as aforesaid, or in such Repairs or other Works as hereinafter mentioned ; all which Sum or Sums to be received as the Price of old Materials fold as aforesaid, /hall be possessed by the Persons receiving the fame, upon the like Trufts as are by the said recited A6t declared of the Money thereby authorized to be paid to Trustees thereby appointed as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That in case the Persons authorized to make such Inveftment as aforesaid shall think

P p 2	it

Simple, and may be disposed of by Deed or Will.

Manfion House builcand Plea, sure Grounds provided.

Buildings already erected alrered for Man-Con House.

0.134,135.	53*GEO.	III.	A.D.i8i3-

it fitting, it shall and may be lawful to and for them, and thrjr are hereby authorized to repair and put in complete Repair, and rrakc any Additions to of Alterations in any Meffuage or Manfion House, Out Offices and Out Buildings, that shall or may be (landing or being upon the Lands which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, and to make any Ereftions or Buildings, Plantations or other Improvements, or any Alterations in or Additions to, or Subftitutions for all or any Part or Parts of the Lands so to be purchased, which shall have been already laid out, or shall be deemed proper to be laid out as and for a Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds, so as in the Judgment and Difcretion of the fame Per-fons to render the whole fit Tor such Refidence as aforesaid, and to pay and apply sufficient Part of the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, in satisfying and discharging the Colls and Expences of such Repairs, Aiterations, Additions, Subftitutions and Improvements last hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. CXXXV.

^cG.f c.iio.

d?ntinued.

45G.3. C. 128.

jC G.3. c. 104. c*7 G.3. Sei£ x. • :*4*

4SG.3. C.95.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and WeJF minjler, by Inland Navigation.	[12th	July	1813.]

•	XT J HE REAS an Aft was pafTed^ in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to allow 4 until the Firjl Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven,

*	the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and Weft-4 minfler, by Inland Navigation, which was continued by an Aft of

•	the Fifty first Year of His present Majefty's Reign until the'Firft 4 Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and it

•	is expedient that the Aft should be further continued ;9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said Aft shall be and the fame is hereby continued from the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

4 II. And whereas by an Aft pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the

•	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for allowing under 4 certain Refridions until the Firjl Day of August One thousand eight 4 hundred and fix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm 4 or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation ; 4 certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought 4 along the Grand Junftion or Paddington Canals nearer to London 4 than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be erefttd and main-

*	tained on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junftion 4 Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park, and conti-

*	guous to the Wharf then in the PofTeffion and Occupation of the ‘ Earl of Clarendon: And whereas the Amount of the said Duties 4 was altered by Three Afts of the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and 4 Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty 2 And

4 whereas

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C.135,136.	581

4 whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an Aft passed in the Forty 49G-3-c*9^

4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 AS for repealing the several Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great 4 Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; other Duties 4' are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals,

4 Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-4 tions of the said first recited Aft 2 And whereas the said recited Afts 4 were further continued by an Aft of the Fifty first Year of His 51G. 3.^29.

4 present Majesty, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight 4 hundred and thirteen : And whereas it is expedient that the laid 4 Afts should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That 45°*3c.ia8. the said first recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of ^^A^ Coaft His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, wife* so* fa Regulations and Reflriftions under which the said limited Quantity herein fpecihed, of Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by continued* the said Grand Junftion and Paddington Canals, nearer to London than the said Stone or Poft ; and the said recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon, and the Appropriation thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain 5 and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of tne Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sef-

fion of Parliament.

§ I. £500,000 o o

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VL

VII.

8,000,000 o o

21,000,000

5,862,900

531*096 o o

[12th July 1813.]

Out of Surplus of British Confolidated 1 £*% Fund

Part of Sum remaining in the Exchequer to complete 20,400,000 granted out of Produce of War Taxes for

1812

From the War Duties Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for 1812, subscribed to be funded pur-fuant to the Refolutions of the House of Commons of 1 ft April and 4th May

1813

From Sale of Old Naval 7 For	Service,	here,

and ViAuaUing Store, \ >n3fter expreffed

IS*

bo»- »-OJ o

.o

S U 3

1 a J

® 3 P K

g co O

O

J	SeeJ	IX.

IFor Service of Ireland, Uc. See f XXV- &c.

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Penfion Aft, not exceeding

70,812 o o Ditto

3.000.	000 10,500,000

5.000,	coo 1,500,000

550*600

Exchequer Bills

Ditto

Ditto

Debentures

Pp 3

53 G-3- r.15.

■	----c. 16.

'	c. 26. '

—	-c 37

■	.(.41

£ 2 *

is 3 a

C <e t '

&-OJ a.}.

^348,700

5 8*

A.D.1813

VIII.

IX.

C.136.

2^248,700 o o 27,000,000 o o

Lotteries

1.000.	000 o o 5,670,700 o o

8.000.	000 o o

53* GEO. III.

Debentures -	-	53 G» 3.

Annuities (after remitting

6,000,000/. to Ireland)	-—----

(dedu&ing One third for Ireland) -	-	■	■	—

Exchequer Bills	-	— —	■

Ditto	-	-	■■■■	—

Part of Monies remaining to be received 12tb Feb. 1813 to complete 20,400,000/. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1812.

granted above, § III.) granted above, § IV.) granted above, § V.) granted above, $ I.)

53-

c. 69.

93-e. 119. c. 118.

21,000,OCO O O

5,862,900 O O 531,096 O O

500.000	o O The following Sums, viz.

2.000.	000 o o Annuities and

Treasury Bills

6.000.	000 o o Annuities Share of Lotteries

330.000	o o Treasury Bills 70,812 00'

Appropriation, viz.

21,212,011 11	7	For	Naval Services; that is to fay, £ s.

3,230,500 o o For 140,000 Men, 1	ri	15

4^99*75° 0 0 For Vi&uals, __ At^ 2 7 3*549>ooo 00

Exchequer under tne Afts

(granted above, $ VI.)

I

a

1 *--

3 S.—

T! 4

w

c«

*C

a.

a

Is

coming in to~| 53 C.3. c.6l.~| &*= the Irijb |	|	|>

JlP

637.000	o o

J*255>932 10 *°

444,203 o 2

100.000	o o 1,050,000 o o

277*754 1° 8

2>33°>943

2,822,031

l*°43*3°2 o o

57*793 ° 7

40,510 16 o

M91 *3 4

For 140,000 Men,

For Victuals,	A

For Wear and Tear w

of ship., riJan^

For Ordnance for I on Sea Service, J For Salaries and Expences of' Admiralty, &c.

For Half Pay, &c. to Officers of Navy and Marines, flee. For Sick Prifoners of War at Home and Abroad For Prifoners of ^War in Health at Home and Abroad For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Hire of Tranfports For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras For Provifions for Troops and Garrifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Tranfports For Superannuations, &c. in Admiralty For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies of Tranfport Office

For Superannuations, See. to Clerks, &c. belonging to Tranfport Sendee -

c.So.

d.

61

1 19 o

P 7 °

For 13 Months-

► For the Year 1813.

*72,00c

A.D.i8i3‘

**3

X.

• XI. XIL

XIII.

XIV.

53* GEO. HI.

C.136.

For Breakwater in Plymouth Sound.

For Portugal, M to enable His Majesty to main-44 tain in his Pay a Body of Portuguese Troops, 44 and to give such further Aid and Afliftance 44 to the Government of Portugal as the Nature 44 of the Couteft in which His Majesty is en-44 gaged may appear to him to require.”

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.

For Reuef of Inhabitants of RuJJia having fullered by the French Invafion.

For Engagements with the King of Sweden.

For Land Forces and other Services $ that is to fay, For Land Forces at Home'1 and Abroad (except in the Eafi Indies> Foreign Corps, in Britifls Pay and em- | bodied Militia)

30,236 10 10 For Five Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of • Foot for

*72,060 o o 2,000,000 * o o

400.000	o o

200.000	o o

1,000,000 o o

33>o89>334 16 6

7,967,201 1 ix

3,082,491 1 5

33,0*9 8 4

350,026 o o 3,256,223 1 8

131*900 o o

320,161, 17 2

*i6>997 4 *

14,69$ 19 6 563,089 18 »

From

For Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall For Full Pay of Supernumerary Officers of Forces For Barrack Department - ^ For Commiffary in Chief’s Department For Storekeeper General’s Department For principal Officers of feve-1 ral Public Departments in Great Britain and Irelandt their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymafters General For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British American Forces and Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including Britifb American Forces For In and Out Penfioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham

p p 4

For the Year 1813.

From \ 25th Dec, 1812, to 24th Dec. 1813.

Hofpitab,

584	C.13&

£$%tu+ 18 9

475400 1 7 636,623 o o 1*236,674 18 9

m.31? x5 5

127,081 11 3

30,055 9 10

460,587 6 4 295,605 5 4

16,005 17 2 623,019 6 6

53* GEO. III.

Hofpitals, and Expences of the Hofpitals For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Foroes, and Expences attending the fame in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland j For Local Militia Force in I Great Britain For Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain and Ireland

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, and Expences of Office of Chaplain General, &c.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and Hofpital Contingencies For Allowances on Com-paffionate Lid to Children of deceased Officers of Land Foroes, and to Wi- > dows of Officers of said Forces not entitled to Peniions, including Allowances as of His Maiefty’s Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to Relatives of certain deceased Officers For Barrack Department in Ireland For CommifTariat Department in Ireland, and Forage for Cavalry there For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Public Offices of a Civil Nature For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hofpital serving with Foroes, and Charge of Gairifons „

A.D.1813.

From 25th Dec. 1812, t* 24th Dec. 1813.

*9.500,000

AJX1813.	53’GEO. III.

C.136.	535

££>500,000 o

XV.

4,662,797 2

3,700,499 7

70,948 13 67,319 o 80,4.56 2

5,211 O

20,142 l8

505,211 5

11 >474 4

3,011 6

XVI. 10,500,000 o XVII. 8,000,000 o

► For the Year 1813.

For Extraordinary Services 1 of Army of Great Britain > For the Year 1813. and Ireland -	J

For Extraordinary Expences of Army from 25th Dec. 1811, to 24th Dec. 1812.

For Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain for 1813.

Ditto}not provided For Office of Ordnance for'1 * Great Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, to Officers losing an Eye or a Limb, to superannuated and disabled Men and Pen-fions to Widows, &c. of deceased Officers late belonging to feverai Ordnance Military Corps Ditto not provided for in 18 J2.

For Allowances, & c. in'] the Nature c*f superannuated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows’ Pen-fions

For Office of Ordnance for Ireland fc-Ditto, for Pay of retired Officers of late Iri/h Artillery, &c. and Penfions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame For Allowances, &c. in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having ^held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows' Penfions„

For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bills under

52 G« 3. c• 4. Ditto forthe Service of the Year 1812.

XVIII,

For the Year 1813.

S8d

XVIIL

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

G-136.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

£ 1 ,500,000 o O For discharging Out Handing Exchequer Bills for the Service ot the Year 1812,	52	G.	3.	r. 5.

Ditto -	-	-	 c.k

Ditto -	-	■	-c.	164,

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Ad. dresses of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

5,000,000 o o 2,249,400 o o 14,715 JO 10

3,066 19 11 Ditto. Civil Eftablilhments, viz.

8,441 o 11,294 19 5,625 o 3,296 10 1*023 o 4,002 o $>3i3 o 2,644 o 600 o

14,102

I3>295

25.000

*>3'7

19.000

6.000 123,000

4.000

o

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

From 1 ft Jo. to 31ft.Dtf.18j3.

11,500 o o

► For the Year 18/3,

3>S°°i

3*°°

2,889 15 7§’ 112 7 8 3,000 o o 2,245 5 8

418 13

1,146

o o

271 II o

520 i 6

Upper Canada Nova Scotia New Brunfwtck Bahama IJlands Bermuda or Somer*s IJlands Newfoundland Prince Edward*s IJland Cape Breton

Dominica (Salary of Chief Juftice)

Sierra Leone New South Wales

For Forte on Coaft of Africa for 1813.

For Court House for Marjhal- ~ sea Court For American Loyalifts For Saint Domingo Sufferers For Clergy and Laity of France For French and Corjican	I

ForToulonefeand ^Emigrants Corfican	|

For Dutch	J

For French Emigrants in Jersey and Guernfcy	-	-

f For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceed* of Old Naval Stores.

To William James Cook Esquire, to pay Fee* on Knighthood of Captain George Byre. To Benjamin Eafon Esquire, to pay reef 00 palling Public Accounts.

To Joan Rickman Esquire, for preparing Abftrad of Schedules of Population of Great Britain, and Expences.

To George Holford Esquire, to payPrennunf to Three Architects for Plans for Penitentiary House.

To Peter | Grant Esquire, for Commiffiooer* for enquiring into Conduit of Bufinehin Office of Works.

To DoCtor Thomas Brooke Clarke, for Returns of Non-refidence of Clergy for Half a Year, ending 5th July 1812. .

To Lieutenant Nicholas Charles Ddree, ai a Gratuity for bringing from Sweden the Treaties between Rujfta and that Country.

14	dii

£

1

to

u

M

cn

E

£i6	9	2\

4»S74 o 6 3>°93 >4 o «JS 6 °

1,249 >6 0

>45 9 <5 1,684 l8 °

428 13 o 2,631 4 6

1.582	9 o

1.582	8 6 9*>3 1 3

400 4 o 2,059 5 o 37* 6 0

117 4 8 7>93 3 7 °

To Philip Cipriani Esquire, to pay Bill drawn by Sir George Beckwith from Bar-badocs, for Support of Africans,

To Frederick Nicolay Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor Maclean for Africans on Board the Faleon,

To Jamei Read Esquire, for Horse Patrole for Half a Year, ending 10th 03, 1812.

To John Harriott Esquire, and other Magif-trates of Thames Police Office, for Plan for Security of Shipping in die Port of London.

To Meffrs. Gurney9% for attending Public Committees of House of Commons last Session.

To Edward Walmifley Esquire, for preparing 45 th VoL of Lords9 Journals for Prcfs.

To Thomas Brodie Esquire, for incidental Expences in forming Indexes to Journals of the Lords.

To John France Esquire, for affixing in making Index to Rolls of Parliament.

To Lord Walfingi ham, as Chairman of Committees of House of Peers, in 1812.

To Edward Stracey Esquire, for attending as < Counfel upon Chairman of Committees of House of Peers.

To William Watson Esquire, Seijeant at Arms to House of Lords in 1812.

To George Saunders Esquire, for invefti-gating Accounts for Public Works done under Superintendance of James Wyatt Efquire.

To George Dickens and John Church Esquires, for Stationary for Public Service at New South Wales.

To Richard Troward Esquire, for Expences incurred in carrying on Impeachment against Warren Haftings Efquire.

To William Speer Esquire, in Re-imburfe-ment of Fees and Charges on Money issued to Commissioners appointed to examine into Laws relating to Ele&ion of Jurats, in I Hand of Jerfey•

To James Chapman Esquire, to pay Fees on Commiffion for enquiring into State of Illands of Malta and Gozo.

To William 09 Court and John Burr owes Esquires, and Wil/iam Meyer Esquire, Secretary, Compenfation for Sendees under a Commiffion for enquiring into State of Ifland of Malta,

*3>5°9

$88

AD. 1813.

C. 13

S3' GEO. III.

*3-509 8 9

10.000	o o

50.000	O O

I,	880 o o

2.000	O O

20.000	O O

4,200 o o

11.000	o o 172 14 6

2.000	O O

I

5,400 o o 2,118 4 7

1,166 14 10

80.000	o o

*»73* IS 3 4,500 o o

12.000	O O

85.000	O O

10.000	o o

II,	298 11 4

16.000	o o

► For the Year 1813.

For Repairing Henry the"]

Seventh’s Chapel For Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scot-land

For Inland Navigation from the Eajlern to the Wcjlern Sea by Invernefs and Fort William For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houfes of Parliament For Fees on passing Public Accounts For Law Charges For Expences incident to Two Houfes of Parliament

To Sheriffs for Con vision of Felons and Over-payments

For Deficiency of Grant of last Selfion for Printing Votes of House of Commons.

For Printing Votes of House of Commons during the present Selfion.

For Stationary for Two"

Houfes of Parliament For Bills of Ulher of Court of Exchequer for applying Court * and Officers with Stationary, repairing the Court, and Fees to Officers To pay Cnaritable Allowances to Poor of Saint Martins in the Fields et alia

For Bills drawn from New South Wales For Superintendance of Aliens

For Extraordinary Expences for Profecutions, &c. relating to the Coin For Public Office Bow Street	-	-	J

For completing Royal Military College at Sand-hurjl.

For Holyhead Harbour - For the Year 1813. For Deficiency of Grant of last Selfion for Printing Bills, &c. by Order of House of Commons.

For Printing Bills, &c. by Order of Houle of Commons this Session.

*3,500

► For the Year 1813.

^.

£i>$co o o

IO,COO o o

75»c°°

38.997

o o

10

27,096	11 1	[i

10,511	1	61

26,000	0	0

175,000	0	0

15,500	0	0

9,coo	0	0

1,615 14		0

753	12	6

131,225	10	9

52,830	10	0

39>23+	1	6

[,800,000	0	0

►,000, COO	0	0

260,000	0	0

11,000	0	0

1,632	7	9

i >718	4	0

25>257	2	7

22,013	6	0

1^28,407	0	0

3,000	0	0

25,000	0	0

100,000	0	0

3>33S	17	2

For Printing 1,7CO Copies' of Vol. 66. of Journals of the House of Commons

For Reprinting 6 Vols. ► In the Year 1813. of Journals or the House of Commons For Maintaining, &c. Con-vi&s at Home For Royal Military College 1	From

--------------------Afylum	f	25th Dec. 1812, to

at Chelfea	J	24th Dec. 1813.

For Deficiency of Grant of last Sefiion for Printing for House of Lords, and for Printing Ads of Parliament for 1812.

For Printing for House of'

Lords, and Printing Ads of Parliament For Secret Services For extra Charge for Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State - For the Year 1812.

------------------- Mef-

fengers of the Three Secretaries of State For Proteftant Diflenting Minifters in England Ditto - Ireland ) For paying f 5th April! 1813, Intereft of certain J off on 110th 03. $ Annuities at £$per Cent. For completing Building of Bethlem Hofpital, and Furniture.

For Intereft on Exchequer Bills, .

To ILaJl India Company for Expences incurred in the Public Service.

For Redudion of National Debt for Year ending 1 ft Feb. 1814,

For Gaol and other Buildings at Edinburgh.

For Improvements in JVeJl~!

minjler	-	-	]	*	For the Year 1813,

For French Refugee Clergy.

For Expence of Royal'1 Naval Ajylum calculated ] * for 1,000 Children -J For Buildings at Royal"

Naval Afylum For Penitentiary House at Millbank For Board of Agriculture J For Sufferers by the Volcanic Eruption in the Ifland of Saint Vincent in 1812.

To Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty.

For Printing 1,250 Copies each of Vol. 46. and 47. of Journals of House of Peers.

*501

From I & April 18 1$. to 31 fiMarch 1814.

► For the Yelr 1813

590

C.136.

£$oi 9 266 13 4

60 o o 170 o o

320 o o

53 GEO, III.

A.D.1813.

2,647 10

3,oco o

4,600 o 19,982 10

7,197 19

1,000 o

10,000 o 6,411 10 616 13

3*093 14

424 3

141 8 o

142 16 521 15

9*372 >8 4

2} For Deficiency of Grant for 1811 for Printing 1,750 Copies of Vo). 63. and 64. of Journals of Houle of Commons for Seffions 1808 and 1809. 4 For Superannuation Allow-^ ance to Joseph Planta Efquire formerly one of |

Paymailers of Exchequer Bills

O Ditto	John Pingo

formerly Affiftant Engraver at the Mint o For Superannuation Allow- ^ For the Year 1813. ance to Edward Royer | formerly Clerk in Lottery Office

Ditto	to Two re- 1

tired Clerks formerly employed in Office of Com-miffioners for Auditing Public Accounts o{ For Works and Repairs at Fleet Prifon in 1811 and 1812. o For National Vaccine Eftab-1

lifhment -	-	>	For the Year 1813.

o For French Refugee Laity J

0	For Half a Year’s Intereft on Debentures raifed

this Session.

1	For Trustees of British Mufeum.

o Ditto	for	purchafing	Books	refpcfting

the British Ifiands and PofTeffions of the Briti/h Empire, o To discharge rart of Expence for Printing Parifh Regifters in 1813.

6 For Printing by Order of Commissioners of Public Records.

f To Matthew Martin Esquire, towards carrying into effect a Plan for enquiring into the State of the Mendicity of the Metropolis.

To James Read Esquire, for Horse Patrole for Half a Year to 5th April i8i3-

To Thomas Ncttlcjhip Esquire, for pub-lifhing Weekly Returns of Average Prices of Sugar, for One Year to ift 03. 1812.

To Edward Walmtjley Esquire, for preparing Vol. 46. of Lords’ Journals for Prefs.

Ditto	Vol.	47-

To Peter Grant Esquire, for Commissioners for enquiring into ConduA of Bufinefs in (Jffice of Works.

To Charles Rivington Broughton Esquire, for Expences incurred by Special Commiffioners

O

> a

o

A.D.i8i3-

53» GEO. III.

C.136.

591

<4,972 o o 316 13 O 426 10 6

4.»7* 3 9i

1,004 8 5$ 3,407 2 o

4*5 *7 9

271	8	o

6.54* 3 * 3.23* 3 0

6,168 3 11

XXV.	Iri/b Currency.

250 o o

200 o o 200 o o 150 o o 200 o o 200 o o

XXVI.	32,965 1 o

23,943	6	8

10,500 o o <25,000 o o 2,500 o o 1,047 10 2

3

O

u

c

o

s

c

o

§0 i

miffioners appointed to a Million to Spani/b South America.

To Commissioners appointed to a Million to Spanijh South America, as Compenfation for Services.

To Harriott Esquire, for carrying into effect a Plan for Security of Shipping in Port of London.

To Thomas Nicholas Wittwer Esquire, for in-veftigating Accounts between the Eafi India Company and the Public for One Year to 7th Sep. 1812.

To Frederick Nicolay Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Sir J. F. Craddock, by Lieutenant General Morrifon and by Governor Maxwell for Maintenance of Africans.

To F. IV. Barron and J. Patrick, for lighting Lamps for two Houfes of Parliament in Sellion 1812.

To Officers of Tally Court*) in the Receipt of theEx- | for joining Tallies chequer -	-	i	for	One	Year to

To Deputy Chamberlains I 5th Jan. 1813.

of Exchequer	-	J

To Dodfcor Thomas Brooke Clarke, for Returns of Refidence and Non Refidence of Clergy for Half a Year ending 5th Jan. 1813.

For Parliamentary Services and Services of a Public Defcription since 5th Jan. 1812. For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores.

For Works and Repairs of Military Roads in North Britain for 1813.

[In Ireland.] lnfpe6tor General of Imports and Exports, prepar*.

ing Accounts of Ireland.

First Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts. Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Affiftant Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Examinator of Corn Bounties, for keeping Accounts. Clerk in Office of Auditor of the Exchequer, for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Board of Works Printing, 8cc. for Secretaries1" Offices and other Public Offices ini?//£/mCaille,&c. Proclamations and other Matters in Dublin Gazette, &c. Criminal Profecutions and ► other Law Expences Apprehending Public Offenders -Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin

For the Year 1813.

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1814.

*740

59*

C. 136.

53^ GEO. III.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

740	0	0

1,086	0	0

9>4Sl	9	0

3>951	0	0

2,232	0	0

50,000	0	0

4*500	0	0

1,2CO	0	0

7»5°°	0	0

10,000	0	0

21,600	0	0

10,000	0	0

5>oco	0	0

50,000	0	0

16,548	0	0

50,000	0	0

50,000	0	0

2,500	0	0

4T»539	0	0

33**75	0	0

52»375	0	0

u>797	0	0

2,876	0	0

9*673	0	0

2,123	0	0

8*375	0	0

A.D.1813.

1 For 18 Months J from 1 ft Feb. 1813. Clothing Heralds, Purfuivantsl p v at Arms and State Tram- ^ or * Ycars

Clothing Battle Axe Guards

3 Years frotsi 17th March 1813,

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1814.

For OneYearendog 25th March 1814.

For One Year end-jng 5th Jan. 1814.

peters

Non Conforming Minifters

Support of Seceding Mi-' nifters	from	Synod

Uljler

Lottery Officers *	*	t	For	One Year <te

1	-	- J 24th

Hai hour of Hoioth, W.orks at, For the Year 1813.

Treasury Incidents - I For Year eod-J	j lng 5th Jan. 1814,

For Printing and Binding 250 Copies of Public Gc-neral Ads, 53 G. 3.

British Currency. To CommifEoners for enquiring into Fees and Abufcs in Ireland.

Board of	Firft	Fruits	for'

Building Churches and Glebe	Houfes	and pur-

chafing Glebes Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures	j

Dublin Society for promoting I Hufbauriry, &c.	-	-	j

Farming Society - -J Truttee8 and Commifiioners of First Fruits, toward* Building, &c. Churches and Chapels, &c. Commiflioners for making") «	^	,

wide and convenient Streets C For °Pe in Dublin .

Company of Undertakers of Grand Canal. Improving the Royal Canal.	£&*	as	to	Applicdkt

oj this Sum, c. 143. /£/?•]

Cork Inftitution Proteftant Charter Schools Foundling Hofpital in Dublin House of Induilry, Hofpitals and Afylums for Induftrious Children in Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers’

Children at Dublin ■	—	Marine	Society	in

Dublin Roman Catholic Maynootji Female Orphan House in Circular Road Duilin9 for 150 Children Wejlmcrland Lock Hofpital iu Dublin	-	.

For One Year ending 5 th Jan. 1814.

College at • por ^ year f$fj.

For One Ycar ending 5^h Jan. 1814*

3»a7x

3*71

2,089

o Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin o Building Sir Patrick Dunn’s Hofpital at Dublin 1,423 o o Do&or Ste*oens’ Hofpital at Dublin	-

3,000 o o House of Recovery and Fever Hofpital Cork Street Dublin, and for maintaining 180 Patients 600 o o Charge of Commifiioners of Charitable Dqnations and Bequefts

4,177 o o Affociation for difcountenanc-ing Vice and promoting Christian Religion 323 10 5 Green Coat Holpital of City of Cork

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Suras of Money hereby granted to make good Money issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues, and to make good Money issued pursuant to Addreffes of the House of Commons, mall be issued and paid without any Fee or other Dedu&ion what-foever.

For One Year ending $\h Jan. 1814.

Sums granted t# mike good Payments out of Civil Lift issued without Fee*

XXX.	Supplies applied for Purpofes' aforefaid

XXXI.	Rules for Application of Half Pay

XXXII.	Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles -

XXXIII.	------------- Chaplains	of	Regi-	*

ments although in Poffeffion of Ecclefiafticai Benefices

XXXIV.	Application of Overplus of Sum j

under 52 G. 3. c. 154. $11. to I Reduced Officers - .	•	J

As in 52 G.3*r.i54. $29—33.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An A£t to amend the several A&s for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder; by Retail, in Ireland.	[13 th July 1813.]

*	HEREAS	by	an A& made in the Forty fifth Year of the q c. ca

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for reg\s- *	*

€ latirtg Licences for the Sale of "Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale

4 and Cyder by Retail; and for discouraging the immoderate Ufe of 4 Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted,

4 that no Person shall be capable of receiving a Licence to fell Spiri-

* tuous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder by . Retail, who (hall

*	not previously take and subscribe an Oath, among other things,

*	that he or (he will not permit or suffer to be fold in any Houle,

4 Building, Out House, Tent, Field or other Place, for his or her

*	Account or Profit (during the Continuance of the Licence), any 4 Spirituous Liquors which shall not have been duly and legally

53 Geo. Hi.	Q q	4	permitted,

Regulation! for tikine cut-1 J-ccocsa for felliag Spirit*

Penalty.

47 0.3. SeC a.

«. XI. § 30.

Persons drinking in any House nay be apprehended and fined if Licence W not produced.

Penalty.

4 permitted, and attended with proper Permit!, to him or her, and 4 which shall not, to the heft of his or her Knowledge or Belief, 4 have paid the full Duties due thereon to His Majesty;’ fie it eoafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, every Person requiring any such Licence shall make, take and subscribe that Part of the Oatn hereinbefore specified, in the Prefence of One Juftice of the Peace, and the Collector, Infpeftor General or the Surveyor of Excite in the Diftrift within which such Person shall require to be liceneed; and such Juftice, and such Surveyor, In. fpeftor General or Collector, as the cate may be, shall attest such Affidavit $ and that every Person who shall require any such Licence, shall produce, to the Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer or Per* son who is or shall be empowered by Law or appointed to grant such Licence, such Affidavit, signed and subscribed by such Person, and attested as aforesaid, and shall leave the fame with such Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer who shall transmit the fame, when required, to the Commissioners of Inland Efccite and Taxes; and if anyDiftributor of Stamps, or other Officer, shall grant or iff* any such Licence to any Person who shall not produce to and leaW with him such Affidavit so made and signed and attested as aforeiaid, such Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer, shall forfeit the Sam of Twenty Pounds to any Person who will sue or prosecute for the fame, such Penalty or Forfeiture to be levied and recovered as any Penalty of the like Amount may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year, or under or by virtue of an Aft, made in the Forty seventh Year of Hn'pretent Majefty’i Reign, intituled An A3 to make further Regulations with refpeS to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland ; and such Licence shall be, and the fame » hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes ; and the Person whole Licence shall so become null and void, shall he deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to.

II. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Juftice of the Peace, or Chief or High Constable, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the Commissioners of Cuftoms, Excite and Stamps respectively, shall find any Persons drinking in any House, Shop* Storehouse or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead shall he fold by Retail, and the Licence for inch Sale shall not upon Demand be produced to such Juftice of Peace, Constable or Officer according to Law, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice of Peace, Constable or Officer to apprehend all such Persons so fotnd drinking there ; and every such Person so found drinking Audi, upon Con-viftion before any Juftice of Peace in manner diie&ed by the (aid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforeiaid, be subject and liable to \ a “Fine or Penalty not exceeding Twenty ShlUhlgs and not left than Five Shifting!, in the Diteietion of such Juftice, to be paid ltd ^applied in such manner as is directed by the said rtdtcd Ad of the

Forty

A<D.iSr3>

53°GKO. III.	C.137.	S9S

Forty fifth Year aforesaid 5 and in case such Penaky Audi not be paid by the Offender immediately upon Convi&ion, such Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Juftice, for any time not exceeding One imprisonment. Month, in the Difcretion of such Juftice.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to No A^ion t« or shall maintain any Cause, Adion or Suit, in any Civil Bill Court, be before any Affiftant Barrifter at any General Session or Quarter Session of the Peace for any County in Ireland, upon any Promiflbry cootrzdtd for Note, Bill, Bond or other Writing, given in the Whole or in Part Spirits, as a Security for the Payment of any Debt contracted for Spirituous or other Liquors fold by Retail; and it shall be lawful for the Affifl-ant Barrifter presiding at such Civil Bill Court in all cases, and he is hereby required to examine the Witoeffes produced on the Trial of any (uch Suit or Adion in any such Court, or any other Persons ; and if such Affiftant Barrifter shall, on the Evidence of such Wit-neffea or other Persons, be fetisfied that any Part of the Debt or Demand, or any Part of the Confideration of any Promiflbry Note,

Bill, Bond or other Security, on account of which such Adion or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted, has arisen from the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, it shall be lawful for such Affiftant Barrifter, and he is hereby required to dismiss such Adion or Suit, or to nonsuit the Plaintiff therein ; and to direct the Payment of Cofts by such Plaintiff, in like manner a9 if the said Plaintiff had not bad any Caufe of Adion or Suit whatever against the Defendant therein.

* IV. And whereas it is, among other things, enacted by the 47 0.3. SeflT.a. 4 fmid recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, that any c*I2*

4 Grocer or Person exercising by himself or herself, or by any One

*	for his or her own Ufe or Benefit, the Trade or Bufinefs of a Grocer,

4 or who shall be licensed &9 a Grocer, or in whose House or in § X4«

*	any Building occupied by him or her, or any House or Building 4 adjoining thereto and which shall communicate with such House or 4 Building, the Trade or Bufinefs of a Grocer shall be carried on in

*	any Place where the Stamp Duty to be paid for a Licence to fell 4 Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail shall not be less than Twenty

*	two Pounds, shall be capable of being licenced in such Place to « retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or

4 Perry, Metheglin or Mead;’ Be it enacted, That, from and after Rate pauMy

the passing of this Ad, whenever any such Licence shall be required Grocer* taking

by such Grocer or other Person dt scribed in the said recited Ad, out *-lcwe*

it shall and may be lawful for any Diftributor of Sumps or other

Officer empowered by Law or appointed for that Purpole, to grant

such Licence to such Grocer in Places where the Stamp Duty on

such Licences is Forty Pounds, upon Payment by such Grocer or

Person of the Sum of Thirty Pounds only, and in Places whets

the Stamp Duty on such Licences is Thirty three Pounds, upon

Payment by such Grocer or other Person of the Sum of Twenty

five Pounds only, and in Places where the Stamp Duty on fuch

licences is Twenty two Pounds, upon Payment by such Grocer .or

other Person of the Sum of Seventeen Pounds only, upon any Piece ■

of Parchment (lamped with any Stamp denoting the Payment of

facia Sum of Thirty Pounds, Twenty five Pounds or Seventeen

Pounds respectively ; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary

in any wife natwtthCbuuling: Provided always, that Audi Grocer or Pcorifc

Qq a	Perfon

v^.

S96-

4? G. 3 e-5°-

47 G.3. SefT.i. c. 1 a.

Duty on Licences for felling Spirits reduced from ill. to 7I.

Such Licences not to permit Sale of Spirits in greater Quantities than Two Gallons.

J uftices, &c. may summon Diftri-butors of Stamps and other Per-fons authorized to grant Licences, to give Information respecting granting of such Licences.

Kot attending. Penalty.

C. 137.	53® GEO, III.	A. D. 1813.

Person so to be licenced shall be subject to all other Rules, Regulations and Reftridions with respect to such Licence as are directed by the said recited Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty seventh Year, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, and that no such Licence shall be transferrable to any Person other than a Grocer ; and in case such Licence shall be transferred to any other Person thjjn a Grocer, such Licence shall be and become utterly null and void 5 and any Person other than a Grocer who shall retail any Spirituous or other Liquors under or by virtue of or under Pretence or Colour of such Licence so granted to such Grocer, shall be deemed an unlicensed Person, and shall be liable to all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inf) ded by the said recited Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty seventh Years aforesaid, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to such Licences.

V.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer empowered by Law, or appointed for that Purpose, to grant any Licence to retail Spirituous or other Liquor* to any Person entitled to require the fame, in Places and Parts of Ireland where the Stamp Duty on such Licences is Eleven Pounds, upon Payment by such Persons of the Sum of Seven Pounds only, upon any Piece of Parchment (lamped with any Stamp denoting the Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only ; any tiling in any Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such Person so to be licenced shall be subject to all other Rules, Regulations and Reftridions with respect to such Licence as are required by the said recited Ads of the Forty fifth or Forty seventh Year6, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland: Provided nevertheless, that no such Person who shall be so licensed in such Places, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only, shall he entitled to be licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors in such Places in Quantities exceeding Two Galions, upon Payment of any further Sum of Money whatever, nor shall fell any such Liquors its such Places in Quantities exceeding Two Galions; any thing in any Ad or Ads contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and their Sub Commif-fioners within their respective Jurifdidions, to summon all Diftii-butors of Stamps and other Officers or Persons authorized by Law, or appointed to grant Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, to appear and give Evidence respecting any Matters and Things relating to the granting of any such Licence, as any such Juftice of Peace or Magistrate, Commiffioner or Sub Commif-fioner respectively, shall be desirous of being informed of for the Purpofe of putting in Execution this Ad or the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth and Forty seventh Year, or either of them; and if any such Diftributor of Stamps or other Officer or Person ai aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear to such Summons, or, appearing, shall refuse to give liis or her Teftimony, every such Person shall, for every such Negled or Refufal, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Briti/h Currency, lor the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh, in which such Diftributor of Stamps, or Officer or other Person (hail dwell; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, such Juftice or Magistrate,

or

597

A.D. 1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C.	137,	138.

or Commissioners or Sub Comrai ffioners, as the case may be, shall and vnay, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to levy such Sum by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and for want of Effe&s fuficient to answer such Sum, shall issue a Kke Warrant to commit to the House of Corredion or County Gaol the Person so offending, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That upon any Information, A6tion, Suit or Profecution for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty of Forfeiture, under the said recited Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty Seventh Years, or either of them, or under this Ad, and in any Trial or Proceeding on such Information, Afction, Suit or Profecution, the Person or Persons having given Information against the Offender or Offenders, /hall in all cases be a competent Witnefs or Witnefles.

CAP. CXXXVIIL

An Ad for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[13th July 1813.]

■ TT7HEREAS not with dan ding the Ads heretofore pa fled for

*	VV the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and the Difcharge of

*	many Prifoners for Small Debts by Charitable Donations, leveral

*	Perrons generally remain confined for Debt in different Prifons in

*	Ireland; and it is therefore expedient to make a general Provi-4 fion for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, under certain

*	Redridions;’ Be it therefore enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pefent Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, an Ad pafied in Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtorj detained in Prifon; and also another Ad, palTed in the Fiftieth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, to extend and amend the Provifions of the said recited Ad, shall dand and be repealed 5 save so far as relates to any Person who has been actually dilcharged from Cudody under the fame, before the pafflngof this Ad, and save that any Person who has before the palling of this Ad presented a Petition for his or her Difcharge under the Provifions of the said Ads or of either of them, may, if he or she shall think proper, proceed under the fame, and have the full Benefit thereof respectively, as if this Ad had not pafied.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paflingr of this Ad, it shall be lawful for every Person who shall be a Pri-foner in any Prifon in Ireland, upon any Procefs whatsoever, ifTuing from any Court whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who shall have been in Cudody upon some Procefs for some or one of the said Debts or Demands, during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, to apply by a Petition in a summary wav to the Court from whence such Procefs ifiued, for his or her Ditcharge from such Confinement, according to the Provifions of thjs Ad; and in such Petition such Prisoner shall date the Prifon wherein

Q q 3	fuch

Imprifonment.

Informers com-pettnt Witnefles*

37 G. 3. (I.) c. 49.

So G. 3.0.47*

repealed.

Prifoners in Cuftody in any Prifon in Ireland for Three Months, te apply to be dif. charged by Petition to Court from whence Procefs UTucd.

59*

C*i3&*	53*	GEO. Ill-	A.D.i8i£»

such Prisoner shall he then confined, the time when such Prisoner was first charged in Cuftody or received in Prifon upon (ome Procefo o«i which he or (he shall then be detained in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Pro. feeution such Prisoner (Kali, at the time of presenting such Petition, he detained in Prifon, and the Amount of each and every Debt or Sum of Money for which such Prisoner fhaH be so detained, sad shall pray to be discharged from Cuftody upon all such Process, and to hare future Liberty of his or her Person against the Demands for which such Prisoner shall be then in Cuilody, and against the Demands of all other Persons who shall be named or specified as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, in the Schedule annexed to such Petition ; and such Prisoner shall by such Petition offer to convey, assign and deliver to such Person or Persons as the Court shall directs, for the Payment of such Debts and Sums of Money respectively from which such Prisoner shall fi ek to be 'difeharged, all such Property as such Prisoner shall possess, or have in his or her Power, as hereinafter expressed ; the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for such Prisoner and his or her Family, and Working Tools and necessary Implements for his or her Occupation or Calling, and other small Neceffaries, not exceeding in the whole the Value of Ten Pounds, only excepted; and shall also offer to engage to pay so much of all such Debts and Demands respectively as shall be justly due from such Prisoner to such Creditors, as shall not be discharged by means of the Property so to be conveyed, assigned and delivered, in case such Prisoner shall at any time thereafter become possessed Schedule of of sufficient means for such Purpose; to which Petition shall be Debts and Ef- annexed a Schedule, containing a full and true Description of all fc&s, &c. annex- an(j every the Person and Persons to whom such Prisoner shall then ed to eution. ^ indebted, or w^0 to or her Knowledge or Belief shall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, with the Nature and Amount of such Debts and Claims refpettively, and of every Security for the fame respectively, distinguishing such Debts and Claims as (bau be admitted, from such as (h3l be disputed by such Prisoner; and also a full, just, true and perfect Account and Difcovery of all the Eftates and Effe&s, Real and Perfonal, in Pofsession, Reversion, Remainder or Expc6tancy, of every Nature and Kind whatforver, which such Prisoner, or any other Person or Persons in Truft for such Prisoner, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, in any manner whatsoever shall have been or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, or which such Prisoner, or any Person or Persons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit, shall have had or shall have any Power to dispose of or charge for the Benefit or Advantage of such Prisoner, at the time when such Prisoner was first committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody for any of the Debts or Sums of Money for which such Prisoner shall then be detained in Cuftody, or at any time subsequent to that time, before and on the Day on which the Truth of such Schedule shall be sworn to by such Prisoner as herein directed ; together with a full, iuft, true and perfect Account of all Debts at such time owing to such Prisoner, or to any Person or Persons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, either solely or jointly with any other Person or Persons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debt shall be or shall have been

due

'V

A42-i8>3*

qeq* m.

c-x3^ fen

dno or owhw> au4 of the Witneffes who can prove fnch Debts at fall remain dap (if any such there (hail be) so far as such PriToner can (et forth the fame, and in wha£ manner any such Eftates oc Efie&s, Real or Perfonal, of such Prisoner shall have been applied or difpo&d of fine* the time when such Prisoner shall have been fa fwrft committed to Prifon or charged in Cuftody as aforesaid, and which of such Eftates or Efteds, or any of them, shall have been in any roan* ner conveyed, aligned, disposed of, charged or incumbered in any manner whatsoever, and when and in what manner, and for what Confideration, and to whom, and for whose Beuefit, and which of such Edates and Effeds shall, at the time of {wearing to such Schedule, be applicable to the Difcharge of the Demands of his or her Creditors; and such Schedule shall aid) fully and truly delcribe

the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of such Prisoner and his or het Family, and the Working Tools and Implements, and other fraall Neceifaries intended to be excepted by such Prisoner from the Affignment proposed by the said Petition to be made by such prisoner as aforesaid, together with the Values of such excepted Articles respectively; and such prisoner shall make Oath oF the Truth of such Petition and Schedule to the following Effed, or with such Variations, according to special circumdances, as shall be con^ fiftent with the Provifions of this Ad.

4 T A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty Farm of Oath of

*	God, do foletnnly swear and declare, That on the	Truth of	Petitist

*	Day of	1	was	really	and truly a Prisoner in aD<1 Schsdult.

*	the actual Cuftody of	in	the	Prifon	or	Gaol

*	of	at	the	Suit	of

4 for the Sum of	[as	the	cafe may Jr], without

*	any Fraud or Collufion whatever; and that I have ever since been

*	and now am a Prisoner in	in	the actual Cuftody of

*	the Keeper or Gaoler of	[as	the case may

4 Jr], or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of

4 and of	[as	the	cafe	may be], without any

4 Fraud or Collufion whatever; and that 1 have not taken the Be-4 nefit of any Ad of Parliament made for the Relief of Insolvent 4 Debtors within the Space of Five Years now last past, and that 1

*	have not had at any time since I was committed to Prifon, or charged

*	in Cuftody by the faid	as	aforesaid, any

4 means whatsoever of discharging the Demands of the faid

4	and	of	the	other	Perfons	named	or described

4 as my Creditors, or as claiming to be my Creditors, in the Sche-4 dule hereunto annexed and subscribed by me, except the Eftates 4 and EfFeds mentioned in the said Schedule ; and that I have not 4 now any means of discharging such Demands, except so much of 4 the said Eftates and EfFeds as still remain applicable for that Pur-4 pose, as expressed in the said Schedule; and that all the Eftates

*	and EfFeds which I have disposed of since I was so first committed 4 to Prifon or charged in Cuftody have been necefiarily expended by 4 me for the Maintenance of myself and Family, and for Law 4 Charges and other unavoidable Expences during my Confine*

4 ment, and in Payment of just Debts, due and owing by me before 4 or since the faid	Day	of

4 when I was gift committed to Prifon, or detained in Cuftody at

Qq4

4 the

6oo

53° GEO. Ill;

C.138.

A.D.1813.

*	the Suit of the faid	as	aforesaid; and that

‘ the said Schedule doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge aid 4 Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Difcovery of all

*	the Eftates and Effeds, Real and Perfonal, in Pofsession, ReverfLa, 4 Remainder or Expe&ancy, and of every Nature and Kind foevrr, 4 which I now am, or which any Person or Persons in Trull for rce,

*	or for my Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, now is or are seised, pofleted 4 of, interested in or entitled unto, or which was or were in my Pof.

*	session, Cuftody or Power, or in the Pofsession, Cuftody or Pow<r ‘ of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or any Petfo;i or Per.

*	fons had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit

4 or Advantage at the time I was so first committed to Prifoo or 1 charged in Cuftody by the faid	as

*	aforesaid, or at any time since that time, and of all Debts owing to

*	me or to any Person or Persons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, 4 either solely or jointly with any other Person or Persons, and of 4 all Securities or Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will, or ‘ may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage say

*	accrue, or might have accrued to me or my Ufe, or to any Person ‘ or Persons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, at the time I wssfo ‘ first committed to Prifon or charged in Cuftody as aforesaid, asd 4 the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom 4 such Debts are or were due and owing, and of the Witoeffes who 4 can prove such Debts or Contrads as remain due or unperformed, 4 so far as I am able to fet forth the fame: and that neither 1 oot

*	any Person or Persons in Truft for me or for my Ufe and Benefit, to 4 my Knowledge or Belief, have or has any Land, Money, Stock or 4 other Eftate or Effects whatsoever, eit r Real or Perfonal, in Pof* 4 session, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, or of any Nature or

. * Kind whatsoever, or any Power of dilpofing of or of charging for my 4 Benefit or Advantage any Property whatsoever, other than fuch

*	as are in the said Schedule contained or expressed, except the 4 Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working 4 Tools and the necessary Implements far my Occupation and Calling,

4 and other small Neceffaries, not exceeding in the whole the Value 4 of Ten Pounds, mentioned and described in the said Schedule, and 4 intended to be excepted from the Affignment intended to be made ‘by me ; and that I have not, nor hath or have any Pcrfoo or ‘ Persons for me, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened or other*

‘ wife conveyed or disposed of, in Truft or otherwise, except as 4 hereinbefore expressed, or in any manner concealed any Part of my ‘ Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Con*

‘ tracts, Eftates or Effeds, Real or Perfonal, whereby to secure ‘the fame for my own Benefit, or whereby I may receive or expeft

'	‘ to receive any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with any latent

€ to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am ot 4 was indebted, in any wife howsoever.

^ So help me GOD.1

Court or a And	Oath	fhall	and may be administered to such Prifoacr

Juftke, toadmi- by such Court, or by any Person duly authorized to take Affidavit! nifterOath. for such Court, or by any Juftice of the Peace within whofc Jurif-didion such Prisoner shall be detained in Cuftody: And the said Petition and Schedule and Oath shall be respectively fubfcribedjgr

boogie

A.D.i8*3«	53°	GEO. I1L	4S6i

such Prisoner, in the Prefence of the Person bv whom such Oath shall be administered, who shall certify the Subfariptkm thereof re-Ipedively by such Prisoner; and such Petition, Schedule and Oath,

shall be filed in the said Court, which Court shall thereupon name a Day for hearing the Matter of such Petition; and a Copy of CopyofPetuioni such Petition, Schedule and Oath, shall be served on all and every ll,0ra”d » Person or Persons who shall be specified in such Petition as the to^VeryCre. Person or Persons at whose Suit such Prisoner shall then be de- ^itor. tained in Cuftody, or on his, her or their Attorney or Solicitor, in the Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, in respect of which such Pri-foner shall be so detained, together with a Copy of the Order of the Court upon such Petition, Twenty Days at the lead before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of such Petition, by delivering iuch Copies respectively to such Person or Perfors respectively, or leaving the lame with the Wife, Clerk or Servant of such Person or Persons respectively, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode; and Notices in Writing that such Petition had been presented, and such Schedule and Oath filed in the said Court, to* getber with a Copy of the Order on fuchvPetition, shall be served in like manner on all and every the Person or Persons named or <Je* feribed in the said Schedule as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of the said Prisoner, and against whose Demands such Prisoner shall seek to be discharged, or on the Attorney or Solicitor of any Creditor, in any Action or Suit brought against such Prisoner for the Deoiaud of such Creditor; and such Service shall, on the hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, be proved on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Court.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall wher*i^iibner’ be confined under the Procefs of Two or more Courts, then if any confinfd on Pro-One of the said Courts shall be One of His Majefty’s superior Courts ce& of Two

in Dublin, such Petition shall be presented to such Court; and if all Courts, Petition such Courts, or any Two or more of them, Thall be such superior Hiall be presented Courts, then and in such case such Petition shall be presented to	*

such of the said superior Courts under whose Procefs such Person shall have been firll detained in Cuftody ; and if all the (aid Courts fiiall be inferior Courts, then if such Prisoner shall be so detained in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, such Petition shall be presented to the Court of Common Pleas ; and if in any other Part of Ireland, then such Petition shall also be addressed to the said Court of Common Plea9, but it shall be lawful for the said Court either to proceed on such Petition or to give general Autho-	.	z

rity to the Judge or Judges of Affize for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which any such Prisoner shall be so de* tained, from time to time to receive any such Petition, and to proceed on any such Petition, whether presented to any such Judge or to the said Court,* as the said Court shall think fit; and such Judge or Judges shall transmit all Proceedings on any such Petition to the said Court of Common Pleas, who shall have Power to ad thereupon as to such Court shall seem fit $ and all Proceedings of any such Judge -or Judges of Affize under the Authority, afore said shall be deemed £&d taken to be, for the Purpofes of this Ad, Proceedings of the said Court.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it if Creditors Bu. ball be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Co*r( to which any merous. Notice

fuch

C. 13?.

S3' GEO. III.

Inferted in Dublin Gazette, and in Two or more Newfpapers, u Court shall 4ira&

Prifonenin

County Gaols under Procefs of superior Courts, brought up to Afifeet under Orders of Court; and dtfcharged by Judge at such Affixes, Icc.

Szpaaepshow

paid.

Thne foe hup-

Tpg Pat it ion.

fuck Prisoner shall apply to be difebarged according to ike DMfat of this A&, that the Creditors of such Prisoner, esdufive of these St whose Suit such Prisoner shall be then detained in Cufcody, ire so numerous, or their Refidence so remote* that the Ex pence of (erring such Creditors with Notice of the Application of such Prisoner for his or her Difcharge, would be so considerable that such Prisoner might be unable to procure fjucb Service to be duly nuafe in manner hereinbefore directed, or that for my other Reafon it will be fit is the Judgment of the said Court to dispense with such Service with refpeti to all or any of such Creditors, it shall be lawful for the fed Court to order, that Notice of the Petition of such Prisoner for his or her Difcharge may, in (lead of being fervrd on such Creditors re* (jpe&ively, be iuferted in the Dublin Ga%ctte., and in such Two or morn Newfpapers as the said Court shall direct, and in such Form of Work as the said Court shall approve, Twenty Days at the lead before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, and that such Notice shall be deemed sufficient Notice to the Creditor* owned or described therein ; or to substitute some other mode of Notice, which in the Judgment of the said Court may appear reafooable; and upon such Notice so given to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the (aid Court to proceed on such Petition with respect to all such Creditors as shall be named or described in such Notice, in the fame manner as the said Court might have done if funh Creditors respectively had been actually served with Notice as hereinbefore directed: Provided always, that where any Prisoner shall be charged in Execution or under Attachment for not paying Money, or under Mefne Process, out of any of His Majefty’s superior Court* in Dublin, in any County Gaol or other Gaol or rrifoa except within the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then upon Petition being made by such Prisoner as aforesaid, and on t> Affidavit, of the Purport hereinbefore fet forth being made and left with such Petition, such Court, on being satisfied with the Truth of fiicb Affidavit, is hereby authorized and required, on the Applies tion of such Prisoner, to make a Rule or Order to cause such Prisoner to be brought to the next Affixes which shall be bolden for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, where he or fie shall be imprisoned ; and the Exnence of bringing such Prisoner to any such Afsizes, not exceeding One Shilling a Mde, shall be paid 19 the Keeper or Gaoler or Officer who (half bring such Prisoner to such Anizes, in obedience to such Rule or Order, out of such Prifoner’s Eftate or ESe&g, if the fame shall be sufficient to pay such Expence, and if not, then such Expence shall be paid by toe Tret-furer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, is which such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, as the tame shall be & rested or ordered by the Judge before whom such Prisoner may be brought; and the Grand Jury of such County, Count▼ of a City or County of a Town, is hereby empowered and required to prtftnt the Amount thereof; and a Copy of such .Petition, Schedule aod Oatb, and also of such Rule or Order of the Court thereupon, fhaH be served in manner aforesaid on all and every the several Perfoot required to be served with such Petition as afore bud, Twenty Days at the lead before the holding of such Affizes 5 and on due Proof briag made of such Service thereof, the Judge or Judges of Affixes is and £* hereby required to appoint a time forbearing	Matter offoch

16	fttiooo

A-B.iSi}.	53° GEO. m.	C.i3**

Petition as aforesaid, on some certain Day and Time dusiag fuck Affixes ; and on fvich Day so appointed, the Judge or Judges of fuck A Sizes respectively shall there in a summary way examine in manner aforesaid into the Matter of such Petition, and hear what can or shall be alleged on either Side for or against the Difcharge of the Prisoner so petitioning; and upon every such Examination such Judge or Judges of Affizes respectively, or any One of them, is and are hereby empowered and required respectively within their respective Jurifdi&ione to administer or tender to every such Prisoner the fame Oath or Oaths aa hereinbefore is or are directed and appointed to be taken by any Prisoner before the Judges of the Court out of which the Process, upon which any such Prisoner was taken, ilTued; and such Judge or Judges of Affizes respectively, or any One of them, is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to make such Order in the Premifes aa to him or them shall seem meet, according to the Pro-vifions of this Ad, and to proceed in the fame manner concerning the Proceedings v* Difcharge of any Prisoner or Prifoners jn any Prifon within their fpeding Dif-refpedive Jurifdidions, and to give the "fame Judgment, Relief and Directions relating thereto, in all respects as the Courts out of I™0®®1, which any Procefs shall issue against any such Prisoner as aforesaid, is herein empowered and directed to do, or to postpone, if he or they shall fee fit Caufe for so doing, the Hearing of such Matter until any subsequent Day in the fame Afsizes, or until the ensuing Affixes; and the Judge or Judges at such ensuing Affizes shall have all and every the fame Powers in respect thereof; and every Order which Order by Judge shall be made in the Premifes by any such Judge or Judges of Affize shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made in the superior Court to which such Petition was presented, and the fame shall be made a Record of the Proceedings at such Affixes, and a Copy thereof shall from thence be transmitted to such superior Court, (igned by such Judge or Judges of Afsize, to be a Record of the said Court, and to be kept as such among the Records Recorded, thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That the Sum of Insertion of Ad-Three Shillings and no more shall be paid to any Printer or Proprietor feniftnlent,» of any Newfpaper for the Infertion of any such Advertifement aforesaid ; and all Printers and Proprietors of Newfpapers are hereby required to insert the fame on the Payment of the said Sum of Three

Shillings for the Infertion thereof; and that no such Advertifement

shall be liable to the Payment of, or be chargeable or charged with Stamp Daty.

the Payment of any Stamp or other Duty wbatfoever.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall be Court may pro-made appear to the Satisfadion of the Court to whom any such Pri- ceed where No-loner shall apply to be discharged according to the Dire&ions of this tice not given in Ad, that any of the Persons required to be served with such Pc* Dublin Gasetto, tition. Schedule, Oath, Order or Notice, is or are beyond the Seas,

or cannot be found, so as to be served with fuck Petition, Schedule,

Oath and Order, as required by this Ad, and the {aid Court shall not think fit to order Notice to such Persons to be ieferted in the Dublin Gazette and such Newfpapers as aforesaid, or to substitute aay other mode of Notice* it shall be lawful for the said Court to proceed upon the said Petition notwhhftanding such Defed in the Service thereof; but in such case such Prisoner shall not be in any manner discharged frost the Demands of tho Pcrfoo or Perfoo* who shall not

be

(•4	C.I3#*

53° GEO. lit.	A.D.i8i3.

Previous Refi-dence out of Ireland.

Hearing of

Petitions deferred :n case of Deled of Service.

On hearing Petition, Creditors may oppose it.

be so served, Sr with respect to whom such Notice shall not be given in the Dublin Gaxette and such Newfpapers as aforesaid, or in such other substituted mode of Notice as shall be approved of by the said Court, unless such Person or Persons shall appear before the laid Court and oppose the Difcharge of such Prifone**, or consent to the Proceeding of the Court, notwithstanding any such Defdfl of Service.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this A6t shall within Two Years before he or (he shall seek the Benefit of this Ad, have resided in any Place or Places out of Ireland, and shall during such Refidence have contracted in such Place or Places any Debt from which he or (he shall seek to be discharged by virtue of this Ad, such Prisoner shall not be discharged under the Authority of this Ad from any such Debt, without the Confcnt of the Person or Persons to whom such Debt shall be due, unless such Prisoner shall at the time of such Application be in actual Cuflody for such Debt, or shall be actually sued in some Court of Law.or Equity in Ireland for the fame ; in either of which cases Notice of the Application for the Difcharge of such Prisoner shall be given to the Creditor or Creditors so detaining in Cuftody or suing such Prisoner, or to the Attorney or Solicitor actually employed at the time of such Application in the Adion or Suit then depending for such Debt or Debts, if the Court to which Application shall be made for the Difcharge of such Prisoner shall think fit to allow of Service on such Attorney or Solicitor, instead of personal Service on such Creditor or Creditors.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Defed in the Service of such Petition, Schedule, Oath or Order, it shall be lawful for such Court from time to time to allow further time for such Purpose, and to make an Order or Orders for adjourning the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, in the Whole, or with re-fped to any particular Person or Persons, to give Opportunity for such Service ; and in case the said Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, together with such further Order or Orders, shall be duly served according to the Provifions of this Ad, on the Person or Persons not before duly served, Twenty Days before theDayap-

S>inted for hearing the Matter of the said Petition on any such further rder, it shall be lawful for the said Court to proceed on such Service, *8 the said Court might have done if the said Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, had been duly served according to the Provifioni before contained in this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That upon the Day appointed by any Court for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, or upon such subsequent Day as such Court shall appoint for such Purpose, such Court respectively shall cause such Prisoner to be brought before the said Court, to be examined touching the Truth of the Matter contained in the said Petition and Schedule ; and any of the Creditors of such Prisoner, and any of the Persons named or described in such Schedule, as claiming to be Creditors of any such Prisoner, and ant Person or Persons not named or described in such Schedule, who shall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner shall be at Liberty to oppose such Petition, and for that Purpofe to put such Queftions to such Prisoner as the said Court shall think fit, touching the Matters contained in such Petition and Schedule, and touchiog fuck other Matters as the find Court shall be of Opinion it may be

fit

A.D.i8i3*	$3°	GEO.	HI.	0138.	605

fit and proper that such Queftions should be put for the due Exe*

cution of this Aft; and such Prisoner shall answer all such Queftion*

upon Oath ; and in case such Prisoner shall not aufwer all fuch

Queftions to the Satisfaction of the said Court, or in case it shall be

made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the said Court, from such Anfwers

as shall be given by such Prisoner, or by Evidence, that such Prifoner

is not entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, then and in such case fuch

Court shall so declare, and shall remand such Prisoner to Cuftody z

Provided always, that in case such Court shall entertain any Doubt Court,if not

touching any Matter alleged against such Prisoner to prevent his or	may	re-

her Difcharge, or touching the Examination of such Prisoner, it shall m*n n <meu

be lawful for such Court to remand such Prisoner to Cuftody, and

afterwards to cause such Prisoner to be again brought up for Exa-

mination as often as to such Court shall seem fit.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Perfons claim-claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, shall oppose ing to be Credi-the Petition of such Prisoner for his or her Difcharge, such Person tors not duly or Persons, although not duly served with such Petition, Schedule, fcryfdwith Oath or Order as aforesaid, shall be considered as having had due tj^ed^Schs* Notice thereof; and the Name or Names of such Person or Persons <juie.

shall be added to the said Schedule by the said Court, either as a Creditor or Creditors, or as claiming to he a Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Court to whom Court may ad-any prisoner shall apply to be discharged, according to the Direftion judge Releafe of of this Aft, shall be of Opinion that such Prisoner is entitled to the Prifoners enti-Benefit of this Aft, then and in such case the said Court shall so order tied to Benefit of and adjudge, and shall in such Order specify the several Creditors and

Persons claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall appear to hare been duly served with Notice of such Proceedings, as required by this Aft, or with respect to whom Notice shall appear to have been given in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers as aforesaid, or in such other manner as shall have been directed as aforesaid, or who shall have appeared before the said Court, and opposed the Difcharge of such Prisoner, or consented to the Proceeding of the Court with respect to their Demands, notwithstanding any Defeft of Service of such Notice; and the said Court shall in such Order also specify the several Persons against whose Demands such Prisoner shall be deemed by such Court entitled to be discharged by virtue of this Aft ; and such Court shall appoint a proper Person or proper Persons Affignees *p-to be Affignee or Afiignees of the Eftate and Effefts of such Prisoner, pointed, and En-for the Purpofes of this Aft, and shall order proper Conveyances and gagements enter- , Affignrnents of such Eftate and Effefts to be made by such Prisoner,	Deb^

according to this Aft, together with an Engagement to be executed not by such Prisoner to pay so much of the just Debts and Demands of the several Persons against whom such Prisoner shall by such Court be adjudged entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, as (hail not be paid out of the Eftate and Effefts to be conveyed and alfigned by such Prisoner for such Purpose, in case he or (he shall at any time thereafter be enabled to pay such Debts and Demands, and to pay such Part or Parts thereof as he. or (he shall be able at any time to pay 5 and shall also order all Books, Papers and Writings in the Cuftodv or Books, &c. to be Power of such Prisoner, .relating to the Eftate and Effefts of such delivered up. Prisoner, and the Demands of his or her Creditors, to be delivered

on

6aS	C.13I.	53°GEO.UI.	A.D.1S13.

on Oath to such AiBgnee or Affignees, or otherwise to he disposed PiUbaarthento of as such Court Ihall aired; and upon the due Execution of all such scut Judgment Conveyances, Alignments and Engagements as aforefrid, and Deh-entered againft	B°°ks*	Papers	and	Writings	as	aforesaid,	as such Coart

kit future EfUte. shall direct, such Court shall order such Prisoner to be discharged from Cuftody ; and Judgment shall thereupon be entered against such Prisoner in pursuance of such Engagements as aforesaid, in such Court, if the fame be One of His Majefly’s superior Courts of Law in Dublin, and if not, then in any of such His Majefty’s superior Courts ; which Judgment shall and may, if the said Court shall so order, be executed against the future Eftate and Effeds of such Priiotier, Real and Personal, a6 the said Court shall direct, and shall bind the Aflets of such Prisoner, Real and Perfonal, in the Hands of his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, for the full Amount of the Debts and Demands afbrr-faid which shall remain unsatisfied, or so much of such Debts and Demands as the said Court shall be of Opinion ought to be Satisfied ; and Execution shall be had upon such Judgment, in such and the fame manner as Execution may be had upon a Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench, nevertheless according to the Orders of the laid Court, and in Conformity to the Provifions in this Ad contained.

XII.	And whereas Prifoners discharged by virtue of this Ad may be entitled to Annuities for their own Lives, or other uncertain h>-terests, or to reveriionary or contingent Interests, or to Property under such circumstances, that the immediate Sale thereof for Payment of their Debts may be very prejudicial to them, and deprive them of the means of Subfiftence which they might otherwise have after Payment of their Debts ^ and it may be proper in some cases to authorize the nrifing of Money by way of Mortgage for Payment of the Debts, or Part of the Debts of a Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Ad, and defraying Expences attending the Execution of this Ad, in (lewd of Selling the Property of such Prisoner for such Sale of Annuities Purposes; Be it enacted, That in aH fuen cases, it shall be lawful W,SntiT-Court by whom any such Prisoner shall be discharged, to cake by Court. ** *nt0 "Confidention all circumstances affecting the Property of any such Prisoner, either at the time of the Difcharge of such Prisoner, or at any fubiequent time ; and if it shall appear to the said Court, that it would be reafonsble to make any Special Order touching the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Court so to do, and to direct that such Property as it may be expedient not to fell, or not to fell immediately, according to the Prowifions of this Ad, shall not be so fold, and from time to time to order and direct in what manner such Property shall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner, until the fame can be properly fold, or until Payment of all such Creditors according to the Provifions of this Ad, and to make such Order touching the Sale or Difpofition of such Property as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, confideriog the Rights of the Creditors of such Prisoner to Payment of their Demands, and the future Benefit of such Prisoner after Payment of his or her Debts, and upon such Terms and Conditions with respect to the Allowance of Intereft on Debts not bearing Interect, or other circumstances, as to the said Court shall ieem just; and if k shall appear'to the bud Court that the Debts of such Prisoner can be discharged by means of Money ratfed by way of Mortgage on any 'Property of thick Pri-footr, bribed of veiling the fame by (Sale, it’(ball he lawful for she

(aid

v^.

A.D.i8*3«

$3° GEO. HI.

C.13S.	(fe)

(kid Co«irt so to order, and to give ail neccfihry Dire&iotis for fuck Porpose, and generally to direct all things which may be proper for the Difcharge of the Debts of such Prisoner in such manner as may be mod confident with the Interefts of such Prisoner, in any Surplus t>f hie or her Effe&s after Payment of such Debts.

XlIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Court meyon •My Creditor against whom any Prisoner shall have obtained his or Complaint of her Difcharge by virtue of this A&, shall within One Year after the Creditor, wimm Date of the Order for such Difcharge, apply to the Court by which DiTchai^eof such Order was made, to avoid such Difcharge as improperly obtained, Prisoner,onbdaf sind upon such Application it shall appear to the Satisfa&ion of the fatiafied that he Court that such Prisoner has acted in any manner fraudulently in ob- obtainedhbDtT* taining such Difcharge, or has wilfully concealed any of his or her 5®**?*

Eflate or Effects by not specifying or not properly specifying the ** fame in such Schedule as aforesaid, for the Purpofe of depriving the Creditors against whom he shall have obtained such Difcharge of the Benefit thereof, it shall be lawful for such Court to declare the Difcharge so obtained by such Prisoner null and void ; and it shall thereupon be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner against Whom such Difcharge shall have been obtained, to proceed against such Prisoner as if such Difcharge had not been obtained, such Creditor or Creditors relinquishing all Benefit of the Affignment of the Eftate or EfiFe&s of such Prisoner which shall remain unapplied by the Aflignee or Affignee* appointed under this A& ; and amy of such Creditors who shall have detained such Prisoner in Custody at the time of such Difcharge shall be at Liberty to apply to fiiCh Court to remand such Prisoner again into Cuftody on the feme Proceft from which he or (he had been so discharged; and fuck Court shall have Power to make an Order that such Prisoner shall be Yetnanded accordingly, and such Order shall be sufficient Authority for the Arreft and Detention of such Prisoner, upon the Procefs from Which such Prisoner was before discharged; and so much (if any) of the Eftate or Effo&s of such Prisoner as shall then remain in the Hands of the Affignee or Affignees thereof, after paying all the just Charges and Expences of such Affignee or Affignees to be allowed by the said Court, shall be re-conveyed or re-affigned or paid to such Trifoner as the (hid Court shall dived; but so much of iiich Eftate* find Effe&s as shall hate been before applied in Payment Of the Debts of such Prisoner, shall be retained by the Cveditors who (haft have received the fame in Part of their respective Demands, excepting only the Creditor or Creditors who shall apply to the Court to avoid such Difcharge, who shall repay the Dividend or Dividends received by him, her or them respectively, to the Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and EfFe&s of filch Prisoner, before such Order, declaring such Difcharge null and void, and shall be delivered out by the fold Court.

XIV.	And be it further ena&cd. That in case *ny Prisoner Whenitihill who shall have been discharged by virtue of this Afhall become ■Shie to pay all or any Part of the Debts due from him or her, and ^ juv# ob-againft which he or (he shall have obtained such Difcharge, after u\ntd Difcharge a reasonable Allowance for the Maintenance of such Debtor, and that be b able te bis or her Family, and Payment of his or her Debts, coatra&ed psy, Court shall after such Difcharge, or to which such Difcharge did not extend, revoke such Wfr it (kfcttandmay be hrwfal for any Creditor or Creditor* against whom c*iXl*

he

C.138.	$3“	GEO. III.	A.D.	181

he or (he shall hive obtained such Di(charge, to Apply to the Court, by whom such Difcharge was ordered, for Liberty to proceed against such Debtor, notwithstanding such Difcharge ; and in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Court, that such Debtor is of Ability to pay such Demand, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Court to revoke such Difcharge either wholly or opou Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money for the Benefit of the Persons against whom such Difcharge shall have been obtained, either in gross, or by several Payments, as to such Court shall appear reaionable, or it shall be lawful for the Court wherein Judgment shall have been entered as aforesaid, on Application to such Court, to permit Execution to be taken out in such case on the Judgment entered up in such Court upon the Engagement of such Prisoner, for such Sum of Money as the said Court shall think fit, to be didributed rate-ably among the Creditors entitled under such Engagement, and such Proceedings shall and may be had according to the Difcretion of the said Court or Courts respectively from time to time, until the whole of the Debts due to the several Persons against whom such Difcharge shall have been obtained, shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with such Cods as such Court or Courts refpec-tively shall think fit to award: Provided always, that in case any such Application shall appear to be ill founded and vexatious, it shall be lawful for the Court to whom thj fame shall be made, not only to refuse to make any Order on such Application, but also to dismiss the fame, with such Cods as to such Court shall appear reasonable.

Allowance for XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person who Dtfcovery of ^ “ shall, at any time after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from x?er S,X £*ate t^e Appointment of any Aflignee or Afiignees of the Appointment of Edate and Effedb of any Prisoner under the Authority of this Affipeei. A&, voluntarily come and make Difcovery of any Part of such Pri-foner’s Eftate not specified in the said Schedule, and not before come to the Knowledge of the Aflignee or Aflignees of such Pri-foner’s Edate, either to the said Affignee or Aflignees or to the Court, by which such Prisoner shall have been discharged, shall be allowed Five Pounds per Centum and such further and other Reward as the said Affignee or Aflignees, or the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner present at any Meeting of the (aid Creditors, shall think fit, to be paid out of the net Proceeds of such Prifoneris Edate which shall be recovered on such Difcovery* which shall be paid to the Person or Persons so difeovering the fame by the said Aflignee or Aflignees, who shall be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts.

Difdofure of XVI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and SS1>r'^on" Persons who hath or have accepted or shall accept any Trull or * Trusts, or shall be possessed of and wilfully conceal or protect any *** Edate Real or Pertonal, of any Prisoner who shall be discharged under the Authority of this A&, and knowing such Difcharge, shall not, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Discharge, disclose such Trud and Edate in Writing, either to the Affignee or Aflignees of such Prisoner's Edate, or to the Court by which such Prisoner shall have been discharged, and submit Jumself, herself and themselves to be examined touching the fame on Oath before such Court if thereunto required, and truly discover and disclose th* 10	Tarat

A.D.i8i3*	53° GEO. III.	C.138.

fame and. all Particulars thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency and Double the Value of the 2£ftate whether Real or Perfonal so concealed, to and for the Ufe of the Creditors of such Prifor.er, to be recovered by Adfion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, in the Name of the Aflignec or Aflignees of such Prisoner, or of any One of his, her or their Creditors who shall first sue foe the fame, with full Cofts of Suit.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Prisoner who shall have been discharged by virtue of this A6t, shall die leaving Aflets Real or Perfonal, after Payment of all his or her Debts, exclusive of the Debts from which such Prisoner shall have obtained such Difcharge, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons entitled to so much of such Debt or Debts, from which such Difcharge shall have been obtained as shall remain unpaid, to apply to the Court wherein such Judgment shall have been entered as aforesaid, for Liberty to proceed thereon in order to obtain Payment of so much of such Debt or Debts as shall then remain due as aforesaid, and such Court shall make such Order thereupon as shall be just 5 and the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of such deceased Prisoner shall apply the AITets in his, her or their Hands according to such Order, but without Prejudice to the Demand of any other Creditor or Creditors of such deceased Prisoner, all of which shall be first paid or satisfied: Provided always, that in case it shall at any time be made appear to such Court, that the Eftate or Effects of such Prisoner, conveyed or assigned under the Authority of this A£l, would have been sufficient, if carefully and properly managed, to have satisfied all the Debts from which such Prisoner had been discharged, or to have satisfied a larger Proportion of such Debts than shall have actually been paid therewith, then and in any such case such Court (hail not authorize any further Proceedings again ft such Prisoner, or his or her Aflets, except for so much of the Debts of such Prisoner as could not have been satisfied out of the Eftate . and Effe&s so conveyed and assigned in case the fame had been carefully and properly managed and rendered productive for the Difcharge of such Debts: Provided also, that in no case Interell shall be recovered on such Judgment on any such Debts until the said Court shall order the fame, which shall be wholly in the Difcretion of the said Court as hereinafter provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Intereft and Truft of every Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this A6t, of, in and to all the Real Estate, and of, in and to all the Perfonal Estate, Debts and EffeCts of every such Prisoner, shall immediately from and after the Order of such Court as aforesaid for the Difcharge of such Prisoner, be and the fame are hereby veiled in the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall, by the Order of the (aid Court, be directed to be conveyed and assigned as aforesaid, in case such Person or Persons shall consent to accept the fame; and the Conveyance and Affignment which shall be made in pursuance of such Order shall be without Stamps, and shall, together with this A&, be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes what-soever, to veil the Eftate and Effe&s therein comprised in the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall, by Order of such Court, be directed ,to be conveyed and assigned as aforesaid, his, her or their Heirs,

53 Gio. III.	R	r	Executors,

<609

Penalty.

On Prisoner dying leaving Alfets sufficient, Creditors may apply to C ourt to proceed on his Knstapement to pay Debts not futi*fied.

Provifo for Intereft.

Eftate of Prifcn-ers vetted in Pcr-I'ons to whom fame, by Order of Court (h ill be directed to be conveyed in Truft for Benefit of Creditors.

6.o	C.138.	53&GEO.HL	AJD.1813.

Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, according to the Eftate and Intereft which the Prisoner had therein, and every such Conveyance and Alignment shall be in Truft for the benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner against whom such Prisoner shall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this A&, in respect of and in Proportion to the Debts justly due to them respectively; and every Person and Persons to whom any such Affignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby empowered to fuc from time to time, as there may be Occafion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and obtaining Pof. session of any Eftate or Effe&s of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Power veiled in or created for the Ufe and Benefit of any such Prisoner, and to give such Difcharge and Difcharge* to any Person or Persons who shall refpc&ively be indebted to such Frevlfo.	Prifoner,	as	may be requisite : Provided always, that nothing herein

contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate, Intereft or Right whatsoever, of any Person or Persons, other than such Prisoner, expectant upon or fubie& to any Eftate or Intereft bf such Prisoner so veiled in such Affignee or Aflignees as aforesaid, but that the Estate, Intereft and Right whatsoever of every other Person and Persons shall continue and remain and be secured to him, her or them respectively, in the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

Afllrnees to jet XIX. And be it further enacted. That every such Affignee iu Eftate and Ef- Cr Aflignees as aforesaid shall, with all convenient Speed, after his, and ke D^vi*^er or ^eir accePt*nff fach Affignment or Conveyance, use his, dend^o Credi!* her or their heft Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and tors at the End Effedls of every such Prisoner, and shall, with all convenient Speed, of Two	make Sale of all the Eftate and Effe&s of such Prisoner veiled in fuch

Months,fce. Affignee or Aflignees; and if such Prisoner shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Pofleflion, Reverlion o» Expe&ancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after such Affignment and Conveyance, shall be fold by Public Au&ion, in fnch manner, and at such rlace or Places, as the major Part of the Cre-ditors of such Prisoner entitled to the Benefit thereof (who lbtfl assemble together on any Notice tn Writing publilbed in the Dublin Gazette, and in some daily Paper printed and publilhedin Dublin, if the Prisoner, before his or her going to Prilon, resided Notice in Dublin in Dublin, and if such Prisoner resided elsewhere, then in the Dublin Gaxettt.	Ga%ettey	and	alfo in some printed Newfpaper which shall be publilbed

and generally circulated in or near the County, City, Town or Place in which such Prisoner resided before he or Ihe was committed to Prifon, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made), shall, under his, her or their Hand or Hand?, approve; and every such Affignee or Aflignees, at the End of Three Months at the fartbeft from the time of his, her or their accepting any such Affignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, and so from time to time as Occafion shall require, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Piifouer,s Eftate and Effe6ls which shall have been then recovered amongst such Creditors of such Prisoner, from whose Demand such Prifouer shall have obtained a Difcharge as before mentioned, in Proportion Account by Af. to the just Debts due to them respectively; but before any such (Ignee before Dividends shall be made, such Aflignec or Aflignees shall make Dividends made. Up an Account of such Prifoncr’s Estate, and make Oath in Writing

before

v^ooqLc

A.D.i8i3»	53GEO.IIL	C.138.	611.

before One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace within whose Jurifdidtion such Affignee or Affignees shall reside, that such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Eftate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such Affignee or Affignees, and of all Payments made in refpedf thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona Jide made and paid, which Account so sworn shall be filed with the proper Officer of the said Court, and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be publilhed, Thirty Days at least before such Dividend shall be made 5 and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend until he shall have made due Proof of his or her Debt, by Oath, before some such Juftice or Justices of the Peace; and if such Objection to Prisoner, or his or her Affignee or Afiignees, or any Creditor of such c*a',nJ Prisoner, shall object to any Debt so claimed, the fame shall be Coult* examined into by the Court, by whom such Prisoner shall have been so discharged, who shall have full Power for that Purpose, to require and compel the Production of all Books, Papers and Writings which majr be necessary to be produced, as well by the Person or Persons claiming such Debt, as by the Prisoner again ft whom the fame shall be claimed, or his or her Affignee or Affignees, and to examine all such Persons and the Witneffes on Oath, as the nature of the case may require, and to take all other Meafures necessary for the due Iuveftigation of such Claim ; and the Decifion of the said Court upon such Claim shall be conclusive with respect to any Dividend of the F.ffedts of such Prisoner under the Provifions of this Adt.

XX. And be it further enabled, That in case the Prisoner so Court to compel discharged, or any of his or her Creditors, against whom he or (he Affignee* to give shall have obtained such Difcharge, shall be dissatisfied with the latufadory Account of any Affignee or Affignees, rendered upon Oath as aforesaid, or in case any such Affignee or Affignees shall neglect to render such Account, or shall neglect to dispose of the Property or collect the Effects of such Prisoner, or shall in any manner waste or mifmanage the Eftate or Effects of such Prisoner, or neglect to make a due Diftribution thereof, it shall be lawful for such Court, by whom such Affignee was appointed, upon the Application of such Prisoner, or of any such Creditor as aforesaid, to require such Affignee or Affignees to render such Account on Oath as directed by this Adt, if not before rendered, and to’ examine any Account so rendered, and to enquire into any Wafte, Mifmanagentent or Negledt of the Eftate or Effe£ts of such Prisoner, and to direct a proper Adminiftration thereof, and afeertain the Produce of such Eftate and Effects to be divided amongst the Creditors of such Prisoner, and to direct the Diftribution thereof accordingly, and to require and compel, the Production of all Books, Papers and Writings necessary for such Purposes, and to examine all Parties and their Witneffes on Oath, as the case may require, and to take all such Meafures as shall be necessary for the compelling the rendering x>f such Account and the due Iuveftigation thereof, and the proper * Difpofition and Diftribution of the Efiedts of such Prisoner according to this Adt, and to award Cofts against any of the Parties, as Juftice Cod*.

shall require; and the Decifions of the said Court upon all such Matters shall be final and conclusive.

R r 2	XXI.	And

612

Creditors for Annuities, &c. •ntitled to Dividends as if Prisoner had be-come Bankrupt, 8c c.

Intereft on Debts of Prisoner to cease, unless Eflfeds sufficient to bear it.

Affigneeinot to commence Suit without Coofent of Creditors.

Officer of Court to produce its Proceedings ' when required.

C.T38.	53°	GEO. III.	A.D.1813-

XXI.	And be It further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this A6t for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise, at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bona, Covenant or other Security of any Nature whatsoever, shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eftate of such Prisoner, in such manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto such Dividends by the Laws now in force, if such Prisoner had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the fame would have been affected by Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commiffion of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission, but subject nevertheless to the Terms of the Engagement of such Prisoner for future Payment of his or her Debts, in case such Prisoner should become able to pay the fame as hereinbefore directed.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from the

Date of any such Order of Difcharge as aforesaid, all Intereft on any Debt bearing Intereft of the Prisoner so discharged, shall cease, and not be computed in the Amount of such Debt in the Diftribution of the Eftate and Effedts of such Prisoner under the Authority of this Adi 5 but if it shall appear to the Satisfadlion of the Court by which such Prisoner was discharged, that such Ellate and Effedts of such Prisoner, are not only sufficient for Payment of the Principal of a}l the Debts of such Prisoner payable thereout under the Authority of this Adi, together with all other Debts of such Prisoner, and to afford such Prisoner competent means of future Subfiftence, but are so confiderable as to render it fit that Intereft should be allowed on Debts of such Prisoner bearing Intereft from any Period after the Date of such Order of Difcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order such Intereft to be paid accordingly, and to fix the time from which such Intereft shall be computed, having regard always to the unprodudlive State of the Effedts of such Prisoner during the Adminiftration thereof, under the Authority of this Adi 5 and if it can be (hewn to the Satisfadlion pf the Court in which such Judgment shall be entered as aforesaid, that the subsequently acquired Property of such Person so discharged is so confiderable as aforesaid, then such Court shall and may, in its Difcretion, direct the Payment of Intereft in like manner.	#

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Suit in Law or Equity shall be commenced by any Affignee or Affignees of any such Pn-(oner’s Eftate and Effedls, without the Content of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice for that Purpose, to be given at least Tea Days before such Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette, or other Newf-paper, as hereinbefore required, previous to the Sale of any Eftate of such Prisoner.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of the , Courts aforesaid respectively shall, on the reasonable Requeft of such Prisoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, or his, lier or their Attorney, produce and (hew to such Prisoner, Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney, at such times as the laid Court shall direct, such Petition, Schedule, Oath, Older and

Judg

A.D.1813.	530 GEO. III.	0.138.	^13

Judgment, and all other Orders and Proceedings made and had in Rich Matter; and that a true Copy of every such Petition, Schedule, Copy,Evidence. Oath, Order, Judgment and Proceedings, 6gned by the Officer in whose Cuftody the fame refpedkively shall be, or his Deputy, certifying the fame to be a true Copy of such Petition, Schedule, Order,

Judgment or other Proceedings, as the case may be, without being written on damped Paper, shall at all times be admitted in all Courts whatever, as legal Evidence of the fame respectively.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Provifofcr this Adk shall extend or be construed to prevent any Mortgage, Mortgage*, ke. Charge or Lien, upon the Eftate of such Prisoner, or any Part p^ifoner* ° ihereof, made prior to the Difcharge of such Prisoner by virtue of tiiis Adk, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Perfonal Eftate and EfFe&s comprised in or charged or affected by such Mortgage, Charge or Lien refpedkively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Mereliant, Recognizance or Judgment acknowledged by or obtained against any such Prisoner, prior to such Difcharge, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements C>r Real Eftates of such Prisoner, and also where any Inquifition shall have been taken upon any Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ of Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Prisoner shall have obtained his or her Difcharge as aforesaid, the Perfonal Eftate of such Prisoner shall be subject thereto, for so much as shall remain due upon such Statute, Recognizance or Judgment refpeCtively, in like manner as the fame would have been refpec-tively, if this Adi had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith(landing 5 unless in any of the f^id cases the Creditor or Creditors having such Mortgage, Charge,

Lien, Statute Staple, Statute Mereliant, Recognizance, Judgment or Execution, shall elect and take and receive any Dividend under this Election.

A& in refpedk of such Debt, and shall cause such Eledtion to f)e entered on the Files of the Court discharging such Prisoner: Pro- Provifo. vided always, that no such Person who shall not have so made apd entered such Eledtion shall be entitled to receive any Dividend under this Adk in refpedk of any Debt so secured.

* XXVI. And whereas a Prisoner who may be entitled to and

*	claim the Benefit of this Adk, may be seised and possessed of or

*	entitled to Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to hold to fuch

*	Prifoner for the Term of his or her Life, or other limited Estate,

*	with Power of granting Leases, or may have Powers over Real or

*	Perfonal Estate, which such Prisoner could execute for his or Her 1 own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for g the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner Be it therefore

enacted. That in every such case all and every the Powers of Leasing, P«wer ofleafint and all such other Powers as aforesaid, over Real or Perfonal Estate, prif0annei^vefa2 which are or shall be vetted in any such Prisoner or Prifone.rs as afore- jn Atfienees for said, shall be and are hereby veiled in the Affignee or Aflignees of the Benefit of Cre-Real and Perfonal Eftate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Adk, to ditors. be by such Affignee or Affignees executed and fold and conveyed for the Benefit of au and every the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing prov,^°J?J in this A£t contained shall extend to entitle the Affignee or Affignees Pa* 0	^

R r 3	of

(^.

614

C. 138.

53" GEO. IK.

A.D.i8t3.

und Income of Benefice, not nfFe&ed; Af-fignee* may obtain Sequeftra- . lion of Profit* of Benefice, &c.

Provifo.

Perjury.

Piiloner <lif-charged not arrcfled for fame Debt.

of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prisoner being an Officer of the Army or Navy, or beneficed Clergyman or Curate, to the Pay of such Officer, or the *Incoihe of any Benefice or Curacy, for the Purpofes of this Ad: Provided always, nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such Affignee or Affignees to apply for and obtain a Sequeftration of the Profits of any such Benefice, for the Payment of the Debts of any such Clergyman, againit which such Clergyman shall have obtained a Difcharge by virtue of this Ad; and the Order for such Difcharge shall be a sufficient Warrant for the granting of such Sequeftration, without any Writ or other Proceeding to authorize the fame; and such Sequeftration shall accordingly be issued as the fame might have been issued upon any Writ of Levari Facias founded upon any Judgment against such Clergyman : Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Court ordering the Difcharge of any such Prisoner, to order such Portion of the Pay or Half Pay of any such Officer of the Army or Navy, as, on Communication from the said Court to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in bis Abfence to the Under Secretary of the Military Department, or to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty or their Secretaiy, he or they may respectively consent to, in Writing under the Hand of such Chief Secretary, or, in his Abfence, of such Under Secretary, or of such Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or their Secretary respectively, as the case may require, to be applied in Payment of his Debts, and for that Purpofe to be paid to his Affignee or Affignee8 ; and such Order and Confent being lodged in the Military Department of the Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, as the case may be, such Chief Secretary, or, in his Abfence, the Under Secretary of the Military Department, or such Treasurer of the Navy, as the case may be, shall give Di-redions accordingly, or shall cause the fame to be transmitted to the proper Officer for that Purpose, and such Proportion of the Pay or Half Pay of such Officer as shall be specified in such Order and Confent shall be paid to his Affignee or Affignees, until the said Court shall make Order to the contrary.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall apply for his or her Difcharge under the Provifions of this Ad, or any other Person taking an Oath under the Provifions of this Ad, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself or herself in any Oath to be taken under this Ad, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or (he so offending shall suffer such Puniftiment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury under the Laws in force in Ireland.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Prisoner who shall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad, shall at any time after such Difcharge, so long as the fame shall remain in force, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempt for Non payment of Money, Cofts or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due, with respect to which such Difcharge shall have been obtained 5 but that upon every Arreft upon any such Judgment or Decree, or for any such Debt, Damage, Contempt, Cofts, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful

for

A.D.i8i3'

53° GEO. IIL

C. 138.	615

for any Judge of the Court from which any such Procefs shall hare i (Tued, upon (hewing to such Judge the Copy of the Order for such Difcharge as aforesaid, and upon Affidavit that such Difcharge (till remains m force, to release from Cuftody such Prifoncr as aforesaid ; and at the fame time, if such Judge shall in his Difcretion think fit, to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits, or other Person or Persons suing out such Process, to pay such Prisoner the Coils which he or ihe shall have incurred on such Occafiou, or so much thereof as to such Judge shall seem just and reasonable, such Prisoner cauiing a Common Appearance to be entered for him or her in the A&ion or Suit for any such Debt as aforesaid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That when any such Pdfoners dif* Person shall have been discharged by any Court other than one of His charged bym- , Majefty’s superior Courts in Dublin, or the Court of Afsizes, no Cre- cr °r °urts* ditor whose Debt could not be lawfully sued for and recovered in

the Court by which such Difcharge shall have been made shall be in any respect affected by such Difcharge, unless such Creditor shall have received a Dividend on such Debts under the Provifions of this Ad.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner not Prisoner shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad, of any Debt or discharged of other Matter accrued or incurred subsequent to the Application of D*bt ,"cur* such Prisoner to be discharged; and if it shall appear to the Court AppKcattonCfbV° that any Prisoner applying to be discharged as aforesaid, (lands DUcharge. charged in Cuftody with any Debt or other Matter accrued or incurred subsequent as well as previous to such Application, then and in fuch

case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court to discharge the Person of such Prisoner only from such Debts or other Matters as had accrued or been incurred previous to such Application, and to remand him or her back to the Cuftody of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or (he was brought, for all Debts and other Matters for which he or (he shall (land charged, and which shall have accrued or been incurred subsequent to such Application.

XXXII.	And be it further euacted, That if any Atlion of Escape, Gtueral I flue, or any Suit or A&ion be brought against any Judge, Juftice of the

Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, or other Person, for performing the Duty of his Office, in pursuance of this ACt, such Judge, Juftice, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or other Person may plead the General I flue, and give this A& in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his or her A&ion, or Verdi &

shall pass against him or her, or Judgment should be had upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Cods.	Treblt Cofts.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias, A&ion against or ACtion of Debt, or upon Payment, or any other Suit or ACtion P^lbner dif-fhall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him

or her, or any other Caufe of A&ion from which such Prisoner shall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad/ except under the Judgment to be entered by virtue of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs,

Executors or Adminiftrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was duly discharged from such Debt or Demand, according to this Ad, by the Order by which such Difcharge shall have been ob.

Rf4

tained.

(St 6

C.tJB.1

53' GEO. lit

A.D.t8J3v

Double Coftf. Prisoner wan-

not entitled to leuefit of Ad.

tained, and that fiich* Difcharge remains in force* without pleading any other Matter fpecialiy; whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (ban or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, and reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the Defendant or Defendants not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, or the Plaintiff not to be affected thereby, or that such Prisoner was not duly discharged according to the Provifions of this Att, in the fame manner as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied, in case the Defendant or Defendants had pleaded this A&, and his Difcharge by virtue of this AGt fpecialiy ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue his or her A&ion, or Verdkt pass again ft bhn, her or them, or Judgment shall be had on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Cods.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ia tonly wailing Ef- case if shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court which flub fe£ts in lViion, decide as to the Difcharge of any Prisoner, that any Prisoner who

shall apply for a Difcharge by virtue of this A&, lias wantonly wafted his or her Eftate or EffeCU whilst in Prifon, or has at any time fraudulently" disposed thereof, or any Part thereof, with Iutcotto deprive any of his or her just Creditors of the Benefit thereof, or has wilfully remained in Prifon, although entitled to be discharged there* from by virtue of this Att, or otherwise with Intent to coufume his pr her Property in Prifon, instead of applying the fame to the Difcharge of his or her just Debts, iuch Prisoner shall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad ; unless on special Circumftances the laid Court shall think fit to grant such Difcharge. -

XXXV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be cpnftrued to extend to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Person acting or pretending to ad as such with regard to any Debt or Demand for any Money or other Effects recovered or received by him for the Ufe of any Person or Persons* Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any such Attorney, Solicitor or other Perion acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to bis own Ufe; or to release or to dilcharge any Servant or other Person employed or trolled as (uch, with regard to any Debt or Demand for or co account of any Money, Goods or other Lffe&s received or possessed f>y hitn or her for the Ufe and Account of his or her Mailer or Mailer^ 6r Employer or Employers, and by such Servant or ether Person io embezzled, concealed or converted to his or her own Ufe; or to release or discharge any Person with regard to any Debt or Demud arising from or created by any Breach of Truft or Confidence; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith* (landing; unless the Person or Persons to whom such Debt or Demand shall be due or owing shall consent to the Difcharge of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, or unless such Prisoner /bill have been confined in Prifon for such Debt or Demand for the

SjSpace of Ten Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this A&.

, iIU,llt, uu XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That bo uiningCredhby Prisoner who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pnr-faife Pretences/ tences, or under any fictitious Name or Names, assumed for the Purer removing £f- poses of obtaining Credit or by any other fraudulent means shall lefts liable to be have obtained from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Ware*, Gained lor ,	Merchtt-

Attornies, &c. embezzling Money, not entitled to Benefit ot Act j u.ik-fs Creditors content, or Pri-1'ontr confined Ten Years.

No lYifoner ob-

boogie

A*D.i8i3*	53°GEO.IIL	C-138.	(S17

Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Pronliflory Notes or Rent, entitled to other Securities for Money, or other Effeds; or who shall have Benefit of cootraded any Debt by fraudulently obtaining false Credit or by ^fent *r PrU* any other fraudulent means, or who shall have fraudulently removed foner confined or caused to be removed any Stock, Cattle, Goods or Effeds of the Five Years. Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be diflrained by his or her Landlord or Landlords for any Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords /hall have loft all or some Pan of such Rent or Rents, shall have any Difcharge by or under this A6t, from the Debt or Demand arising from or remaining due in conf'quence of such fraudulent Condud; unless the Person or Persons w'ho shall be entitled to such Debt or Demand shall consent to the Difcharge of such Prisoner by virtue of this Ad, or such Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon for such Debt or Demand for the Space of Five Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad.

XXXVII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner fuffer-Prifoner who shall have suffered any Person, who has become Bail ingBailtobe or Surety for such Prisoner, to be charged in respect of such Bail c{!arg€j\not or Surety, shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad from any Debt certain Condi? or Demand arising on fuen Account, without the Confent of the tion*.

Person or PerfonS entitled to such Debt or Demand.

XXXVIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner charged Prisoner who shall be charged in Execution for Damages recovered *“ E*«cution for in any Adion for Criminal Converfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff r^a?n*cemln in such Adion, or in any Adion for seducing or carnally knowing Adioni, not eiw the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff in such Adion, or titled to Dif-

in any Adion for a Malicious Profecution, or in any Adion for any charge without other Malicious Injury, shall have any Difcharge from such Debt or Confent td Pen* Damages under this Ad, unless the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of such Debt or Damages shall consent to the Difcharge of Years, such Prisoner by virtue of this Ad; or unless such Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon, for such Debt or Damage, for the Space of Five Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge under this Ad.

XXXIX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no NoranyBsnk-Prifoner against whom any Commiflion of Bankrupt shall have issued „^Yave>obtain and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Cer- ^ his^Certifi-** tificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Cate,&c. Bankrupts under such Commission, shall be entitled to be difeharged

by virtue of this Ad from any Debt for which such Prisoner mail be detained in Cuflody, and which might have been proved under such Commission, unless such Prisoner shall have been so detained in Prifou for the Space of Five Years before the time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Difcharge under this Ad.

XL. And whereas Debtors may, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fell, transfer, convey or assign their Eftate and Effeds, or some Part thereof, but it may be difficult to prove that such Sale or Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment was made with a fraudulent Defign ; Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or Prisoner affiga-more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, or by the Confeffion .of any ing ®J?ate afterr Prisoner, who shall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this thl^Crcd^rs *0 Ad, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to cannot have Be-lay Person or Persons all or.any Part of his or her Eftate or Effeds nefit thereof,

fubfequent

618

shall lose Benefit of Ad.

Prisoner loling Money by Gaining not to have Benefit of A£t, unless with Consent, &c.

Prisoner who (hill have made Conveyance of Cftate iiiTrufl for particular Creditors not to have Benefit of A£t, without £onftnt,&c.

Affigoees may apply to Court to have Prisoner who has obtained

C. 138.	53* GEO. HI.	A.D.t8i3.

fubfequent to the time of contracting any Debt of or from which such Prisoner shall so seek to be discharged, without just Caufe for so doing (to be determined by the Court), and such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment, shall remain in force, so that the Creditors of such Prisoner cannot have the Benefit of such Eftate or Effeds under this Adi, without Suit at Law or Equity, every such Prisoner shall lose all the Benefit and Advantage that he or (he might otherwise have claimed under the Authority of this Adi, unless all the Creditors of such Prisoner against whom such Prisoner shall seek to be discharged by virtue of this Adi will consent to such Difcharge.

‘ XL1. And whereas many Prifoners fqiiander their Property by

•	playing at Cards, Dice and other unlawful Games whilst in Prifon,

•	to the great Injury of their Creditors ;* Be it enacted, That nothing in this Adi shall extend or be construed to extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who bath or shall have loft, since the time of his or her Commitment to Prifon for any Debt with which he or (he shall (land charged at the time when Application shall be made for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this A A, the Sum or Value of Ten Pounds in any One Dav, or Fifty Pounds in the whole, since such Commitment as aforesaid, in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards, or any other Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or rart in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid, unless all the Creditors of such Prisoner against whom such Prisoner shall seek to be discharged by virtue of this Adi shall consent to such Difcharge, or unless tuch Prisoner shall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Five Years at the lead, since the time when any such Money was so loft as aforesaid.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner leeking the Benefit of this Adi, shall appear to the Court who shall decide as to the Difcharge of such Prisoner, to have made, within Five Years before the Application of such Prisoner to be discharged by virtue of this Ad, any Conveyance or Affignment of all or any Part of his or her Eftate or Effeds in Truft or other-wife for the Benefit of any particular Creditor or Creditors, with Intent to give an undue Preference to such Creditor or Creditors, and afterwards to obtain a Difcharge from the Demands of any other Creditor or Creditors by virtue of this Ad, such Prisoner shall have no Benefit of this Ad, unless such Person or Persons for whose Benefit any such Conveyance or Affignment shall have been made shall first relinquiffi the fame; and all such Eftate and Effeds shall be conveyed or delivered by such Person or Persons as the Court shall direct, for the Benefit of all the Creditors of such Prisoner under the Provifions of this Ad; or unless all the Creditors against whom such Difcharge shall be fought shall consent thereto.

XLIII. And whereas the Eftates both Real and Perfonal of any Prisoner who may be discharged by virtue of this Ad may not be sufficiently described or difeovered in the Schedule before directed to be delivered upon Oath by such Prisoner, or the Alfiftance of such Prisoner may be necessary to adjust, make out, recover or manage his Eftate or Effeds for the Benefit of his or her Creditors; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Affignee or Affignces of the Eftate and Effeds of any such Prisoner who shall obtain his or her discharge in pursuance of this

Ad,

^ooq ie

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.III.	0.138.	619

' A&, from time to time to apply to the Court by whom such Pri- Di&hargs, fur-foncr shall have been discharged, that such Prisoner may be further ^ltr examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his or her Eftate and Effeds, either by such Court, or by any Juftice of the Peace within whose Jurifdi&ion such Prisoner shall then reiide ; and if such Court shall direst any such Examination before any such Juftice, such Juftice shall fend for or call before him such Prisoner, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as he shall think fit 5 and if such Prisoner shall appear before such Juftice, such Juftice shall examine him or her upon Oath, or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Affignee or Affignees shall desire relating to the Eftate and Effe&s of such Prisoner; and if any such Prisoner, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Juftice shall judge fufHcient, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Juftice, not having a lawful Excufe allowed by such Juftice, or, being come before such Juftice, shall refuse to be sworn or to answer such Queftions as by such Juftice shall be put to him or her, relating to the Difcovery of his or her Eftate and Effedls vetted or intended to be veiled in such Affignee or Affignees as aforesaid, as required by the Order of the said Court, such Juftice shall certify such Default to the said Court; and thereupon, and also in case such Prisoner shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Court to be examined by such Court, if the Court shall think fit so to order, or, appearing before such Court, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer such Queftions as shall be put to him or her relating to the Difcovery of his or her said Eftate or Effe&s, then and in any such cases it shall be lawful for such Court to commit such Prisoner so offending to any Prifon within the Jurifdi&ion of such Court, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such time as he or (he shall submit himself or herself to such Court and answer upon Oath or otherwise as shall be required, to all such lawful Queftions as shall by such Court be put or ordered to be put to him or her for the Purpofes aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Affignees, with ful at all times hereafter, for any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate Confem rfMa-and Effects of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this A6fc, by may take • and with the Content of the major Part in value of the Creditors Completion of such Prisoner who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on from Debtors of Twenty one Days* Notice being previously given for the Purpofe Prisoner. in the Dublin Gaxette, if the Prisoner was in Cuftody in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, at the time of his or her Difcharge, and if not, then m some Newfpaper which shall be publi/hed and circulated in the County, City or Place in or near which such Prisoner shall have been so in Cuftody, to make Compofition with any Person who shall be a Debtor or Accountant to such Prisoner, where a Compofition shall appear necessary or reasonable, and -to take such reasonable Part of any Debt due to such Prisoner as can upon any such Compofition be gotten, in full Difcharge of such Debt, and also to submit to Arbitration, any Difference or Difpute between such Affignee or Affignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Caufe or Thing, relative to the Eftate or EfFe&s of such Prisoner 5 and every such Affignee or Affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what he, (he or they shall fairly do in the Premises, in pursuance of this A&.

XLV. And be it further ena&cd, That it shall and may be lawful Court may hear to1 and for the Court by whom any such Person shall be discharged agamltTfl^necs,

$20	C. 13S.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

•od may remove from time to'time, upon the Petition of any Person so difebarged nr them.	of any Creditor or Creditors of such Person, complaining of any In-

sufficiency, Fraud or Mifcondu&of any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and Effe&s of such Person, to summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned, to make and give such Order* and Diredlioris therein, either for the Removal of such Affignee or Af-figoees and appointing any new Affignee or Affignee® in tHe Place of such Affignee or Affignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management and Diftributiou of the Eftate and Effe&s of any such Person for the Benefit of his or her Creditor*, as the said Court fhali think fit; and in case of the Removal of any Affignee or Affignees, and the appointing of any new Affignee or Affignees, the Ettate and Effe&s of such rerfon so discharged shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Affignee or Affignees so removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Affignee .or Affignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame Intents and Pur-pofes as the fame were before veiled in the Affignee or Affignee* first appointed ; any thing in this A6 contained to the contrary not* with (landing.

In case of Death XLVI. And be it further enabled, That in case of the Death or or Incapacity of Incapacity of any Affignee of the Eftate and Effe&s of any Pcrlbn Affignee, an- discharged by virtue of this Adi, or in case any Affignee shall be erappointe . unwij|jng to a.61 a8 Affignee, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Creditor of such Pnfoner to apply to the said Court to appoint a new Affignee or Affignees, witn like Powers and Authorities« are given by this A& to the original Affignee or Affignees; and the said Court shall have Power to appoint such new Affignee or Affignees accordingly, and to oblige any Affignee who shall be removed, and the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns of any deceased Affignee, to accouut for and deliver up all tuch Eftate and Effe&s, as shall remain in his, her or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Adi; and the Decifion of the (aid Court thereupon shall be final and conclusive.

Affignee*,See.	XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Affignee

BeLSe cfEftlte	Affignees °f the Eftate aud Effedls of any Prisoner difeharged

proceeded by virtue of this Adi, or the Heirs, Executors or AdminiftratorB <*f •gaiaft.	any deceased Affignee or Affignees, shall not deliver over any Pact

of such Eftate or Effedls, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Eftate or Effedls fopnd to be in the Hands of such deceased Affignee or Affignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Adminiftratoit as aforesaid, according to the Order of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Person or Persons disobeying such Order to be arrested, and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons Hull have obeyed such Order, aud paid all such Cod* as the said Court shall award to be paid in rtfped thereof, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

* XEVIII. And whereas Persons are often committed by the ‘ Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts in not paying Money * ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for uot paying of Cofts duly 4 and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper 4 Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writer £*•

4 communicato capiendo, or other rrocess, for or grounded on the Non*

4 payment of Money, Cods or Expence*, in fame Caufe or Proceeding

1 in

v^ooQie

621

A.D.1813.	53° GEO. III.	C138*

*	in some Ecclefiaftical Court, or for Contempt of such Court by

*	Nonpayment of Money, Cofts or ExpencesBe it further enacted, That all such Persons so committed shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, on and subject*to the fame Terms, Conditions and Reftric-tions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prifoners for Debt only.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cafe? wherein by this Aft an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed upon Persons convicted of Perjury under the Laws in force in Ireland.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Aft heretofore parted for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall have the Benefit of this Aft, or be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame, until the Expiration of the Term of Five Years from the time of such former Difcharge ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contraiy thereof notwithstanding ; unless from special Circumftances the Court to which such Person shall apply to be discharged under the Direftions of this Aft (houlJ be of Opinion that it would be just and reasonable that such Prisoner ihould be again discharged by virtue of this A6t.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Aft fhail not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Aft, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (he shall (land charged at the Suit of The Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed again ft-any Aft or Afts • of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Stamp Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the said Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person pro-fecuted for any Offence committed against any Aft or Afts of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s said Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Stamp Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless Three of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland for the time being shall certify under their Hands their Confent to the Difcharge of such Prisoner, upon the Terms and Conditions prescribed by t.ris Aft.

LI I. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person who shall have been at any time discharged by virtue of this Aft shall again be entitled to the Benefit thereof within the Space of Five Years after such Difcharge, unless Three fourths in Number and Value of the Creditors against whom such Person shall seek to be so discharged a second time by virtue of this Aft, shall signify his, her or their Affent to such Difcharge, or it shall be made appear to the 8a-tisfaftion of the Court to whom such Person shall apply for his Difcharge, that such Person has since his or her former Difcharge endeavoured by Induftry and Frugality to pay all just Demands upon him or ber, and has incurred no unneceffarv Expence, and that the Debts which such Person has incurred, fublequent to such former Difcharge, have been necessarily incurred for the Maintenance of such Person, oir his or her Familyf or that the Infoivency of such Porfon has arifco i	from

Persons committed for Contempt of Courts, in not paying Cofts, Ac. entitled to Benefit of Aft.

Affirmation of Quaker taken.

Perjury.

Persons taking Benefit of any Insolvent Aft within Five Years not entitled to Reliefi

Crown Debtors or Perlons committed for Offences aeainft Revenue, not entitled to Benefit of Aft.

Prisoner discharged, not entitled to Benefit within Five Years, uniafii Debts notef-falary iocuirej, Ac.

Aft not to extend to Foreigners, Exceptions.

Time allowed to answer Objeft iou to Difcharge of Prisoner.

Court empowered to difchuge nothwithftanding Objeft ion on ground of Mif-condudt.

Debt contraftcd fraudulently not discharged.

5^.11 Courts with fame Tttle deemed fam-Courts.

Prifoners of unfound Mind.

C. 138.	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

from Misfortune, or from Inability to acquire Subliftence for himself or herself, and his or her Family, or from Debts incurred prior to such former Difcharge, to which such Difcharge did not extend, or from Debts incurred subsequent to such Difcharge in consequence of Engagements entered into or Ads done prior to such Difcharge.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Per-fon, not being a natural-bom Subjed of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, shall have the Benefit of this Ad, except under such cir-cumstances, and on such Terms and Conditions, as to the Court to which such Person shall apply to be discharged pursuant to this Aft, shall seem fit and reasonable; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if asy Objedion shall be made to the Difcharge of any Prisoner on the Ground of any Mifcondud of any such Prisoner, and it shall appear to the said Court that such Prisoner might not have been aware of such Objedion so as to be able to answer the fame, such Court shall allow such Prisoner sufficient time to answer such Objedion; and shall also, if necessary, require such Objedion to be dated in Writing to such Prisoner, so that such Prisoner may be fully apprized thereof.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the Satisfadion of the said Court, that any Mifcondud which shall be attributed to any Prisoner to prevent his or her Difcharge, although strictly within the Intent and Meaniug of this Aft, was nevertheless attended with such circumstances, or the Iojury thereby done was to so small an Amount, that it may not be fit that such Prisoner should on that account be deprived of the Benefit of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Court to discharge such Prisoner, notwithstanding any Objedion founded on such Mifcondust, either in the fame manner as if such Objedion had not been made,. or on such further Terms and Conditions as to the said Court shall appear reasonable, in consequence of such Mifcondud : Provided also, that in case it shall appear to the Satisfadion of the said Court, that any Debt contracted by any Prisoner seeking to be discharged by virtue of this Ad, was contracted under any fraudulent circumstances not specially provided for by this Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Court to except such Debt from the Difcharge to be granted to such Prisoner, either absolutely or upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Court shall appear to be proper; and if such Prisoner shall be in actual Cuftody for such Debt, it shall be lawful for the (aid Court to remand such Prisoner according to the Determination of the said Court upon such Debt.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Affizes and other Courts which shall have the fame Title and Jurifdidion, and within the fame Limits respectively, shall, as to all the Purpofcs of this Aft, be deemed and taken to be the fame Courts respectively, although fitting under different Commifiions or Warrants respectively.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall at any time be a Prisoner in any such Prifon in Ireland as aforesaid, upon any such Procefs as aforesaid, shall be or become of unfound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Aft in such manner as he or (he might have done if of found Mind, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prifon shall forthwith require One or more Jufttce or Jullices of the Peace within whose Jurifdidion such Prisoner ja	(ball

A.JLU813.	53°	C.	138.	62	3

shall be, to attend at the said Prifon, and enquire into the Stale of

Mind of such Prisoner ; and thereupon, and also in case any fuch

Juftice or Justices shall receive Information by any other means that

any such Prisoner is of unfound Mind as aforesaid, such Juftice or Proceedings.

Justices shall go to the said Prifon, and by his or their own View, -

and by Examination on Oath of such Person or Persons as he or

they shall think fit to examine, (hull enquire into the State of Mind of

such Prisoner; and if it shall appear to such Juftice or Justices upon

such Enquiry, that such Prisoner is of unfound Mind, and therefore

incapable of taking the Benefit of this Aft in such manner as a Perfon

of found Mind might do, such Juftice or Justices shall forthwith make

a Record of the Faft, and certify the fame to the Court to which

such Prisoner might, if of found Mind, present his Petition to be

discharged by virtue of this Aft ; and thereupon it shall be lawful

for such Court, at the Inftance of any Person or Persons on behalf

of such Prisoner, to order Notice to be inserted in the Dublin Gaxette, Notice in

and in Two or more public Newfpapers usually circulated in the Dublin Gazette.

Neighbourhood of such Prifon, and in the Neighbourhood of the •

ufual Refidence of such Prisoner before he or (he was committed

to such Prifon, as the said Court shall fee fit, and shall in such Order

fpecify and direct that Application will be made to such Court

or to the Court of Ailize in manner hereinbefore mentioned, for the

Difcharge of such Prisoner, on a Day to be specified in such Order,

* being Twenty Days at the lead from the Day of Publication of such One of such Gazette and Newfpapers* containing such Notice as shall be last publiftied 5 which Notice, together with Service of the like Notice on the Creditor and Creditors at whose Suit stich Prisoner shall be detained in Cuftody, or his, her or their Attorney or Attor-nies in such Suit, shall be deemed fuflicient to authorize the said Courts respectively to proceed to the Difcharge of such Prisoner, if otherwise entitled to such Difcharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and such Court respectively shall proceed Difcharge m accordingly, and shall discharge fucli Prisoner, in case it shall appear " calL’‘ that such Prisoner might have obtained his or her Difcharge under this Aft, if of found Mind ; and thereupon such Courts respectively shall direct a Conveyance and Aftignment to be made of the Eftate and Efftfts of such Prisoner, and Engagement for the Payment of his or her Debts, according to the Provifiona of this Aft, to be executed by the Clerk of the laid Courts respectively, in the Name and on the behalf of such Prisoner 5 which Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement shall be made accordingly, unless such Prisoner shall have been found a Person of unfound Mind by Inquifition taken under a Commiflion in the Nature of a Writ de Lunatico \nqu\rendo% Writ de I.una-in which case such Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement shall t,c0 iaquirendo. be executed by the Committee or Committees of such Lunatic, in such manner as shall be directed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commifiioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Ireland, or such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the Royal Sign Manual, to provide for the Care and Cuftody of the Persons and Eftates of Persons found Lunatic; by Inquifition; and such Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement so made, shall be Efficient to all Intents and Purpofes to veil the Property of such Prisoner in the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be directed by the said Court to be conveyed and assigned, and shall bind fuch

Prisoner,

Continuance of Ad.

Ad amended, fee.

5a G.5.C.138.

5 5.

C. 138,139.	53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, as fully and effectually as if such Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement respectively had been duly executed by such Prisoner.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this A£t shall continue in force until the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this A6t may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefeot Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Aft for exempting Bankers, and others, from certain Penalties contained in an Aft of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for the further Prevention of the Counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Doliars, and of Silver Pieces ifliied and circulated by the Governor and Company, called Tokins\ and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.	[13th July 1813.]

*	TT THERE AS by an A ft passed in the last Seflion of Parliament,

*	W intituled An A3 for the further Prevention of the Counter-

*	fciting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the 1 Bank of England, called Doliars, and of Silver Pieces issued and cir-

*	culatea by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens ; and for

*	thefurther Prevention of Frauds praQtfed by the Imitation of the Notts 4 or Bills of the said Governor and Company ; it was enacted, that

*	if any Person, from and after the First Day of Augufl One thou-

*	fand eight hundred and twelve, should engrave, cut, etch, scrape 4 or by any other Means or Device make, or should cause or procure 4 to be engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Means or 4 Device made, or should knowingly aid or assist in the engraving,

*	cutting, etching, scraping, or by any other Means or Device making, € in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brafs, Steel, Pewter, or of any 4 other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon any Wood or any 4 other Materials, or upon any Plate whatsoever, any Word or 4 Words, Figure or Figures, Charader or Charaders, the Impreffion 4 taken from which should resemble or be apparently intended to re-4 semble the Whole or any Part of any of tne Notes or Bills of the 4 said Governor and Company, commonly called Bank Notes and 4 Bank Poft Bills, or should contain any Word, Number, Figure or 4 Charader in White on a black, fable or dark Ground, without as 4 Authority in Writing for that Purpofe from the said Governor 4 and Company, to be produced and proved by the Party accused, 4 or should (without such Authority as aforefaidj use any fudi 4 Plate, Wood or other Material, so engraved, cut, etched, (craped, 4 or by any other Means or Device made, or should use any other 4 Inftrument or Device for the making or printing upon any Paper 4 or other Material, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Cha-4 rader or Charaders, which should be apparently intended to re-4 semble the Whole or any Part of the said Notes or Bills of the faid

i6	4	Governor

A'D.i8i3‘	53°GEO.	III.	C.	139.	$25

♦	Governor and Company, or any Word, Number, Figure or Cha-4 rafter in White on a black, fable or dark Ground ; or if any Person 1 or Persons should, from and after the First Day of Augufi One ( thousand eight hundred and twelve (without such Authority as 4 aforesaid) knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody, any luch

•	Plate, Inftrument or Device, or should knowingly and wilfully 4 utter, publish or dispose of, or put away any Paper or other Material

*	containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charader

*	or Charaders as aforesaid, or should knowingly or wittingly have 4 in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion, any Paper or other 4 Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures,

4 Charader or Charaders as aforesaid (without lawful Excuse, the 4 Proof whereof should lie upon the Person accufed), every Person 4 so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted 4 thereof according to Law, should be adjudged a Felon, and should 4 be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years: And whereas 4 many Persons carrying on the Bufinefs of Bankers have, in Igno-4 ranee of the Provifions of the said Ad, made, issued and circulated,

4 Promiffory Notes containing white Letters or Figures on a black,

4 fable or dark Ground ; and niany of such Notes are now in Circu-4 lation : And whereas it is expedient to give a reasonable time to 4 all such Bankers to call in such Notes, and to issue others in lieu 4 thereof;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen t Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling persons not of this Ad, no Person shall be liable to Profecution by virtue of the liable to Profe-laid recited Ad for having, before the passing of this Ad, engraved, ™tk»i under rt: cut, etched, feraped or made, or caused or procured to be engraved, flte? for . cut, etched, feraped or made, by Authority of any Person or Persons a^Notw jkc. * acting as a Banker or Bankers, any Promiffory Note, or Part of resembling those a Promiffory Note, for Payment of Money, the Impreflion taken of Bank of Eng-from which may contain any Word, Number, Figure or Charader in land» before White on a black, fable or dark Ground, or For having made or Jj^Jrithin a * printed by such Authority as aforesaid, before the palling of this Ad, Period, any such Promiffoiy Note, or Part of a Promiffory Note, or for having heretofore i flued or circulated any such Promiffory Note, or having heretofore had any such Promiffory Note in his or her Poffef-fion or Cuftody, or who shall, before the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and (ixteen, jffue or circulate, or have in his or her Poffeilion or Cuftody, any such Promiffory Note, the Date whereof shall not be later than the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; any thing in the said Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; Pro- Provifions of resided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- ***** ^pnot flrued to extend, to repeal or suspend any Provifion contained in the said Ad respecting the engraving, cutting, etching, (craping or raak- u pnia ing any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charader or Charaders, the Impreffion taken from which may referable, or be apparently intended to resemble, the Whole or any Part of any of the Notes or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notet or Bank Pofi Bills, or the using any Plate or other Material upon which any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures* Charader or Charaders may be engraved, cut, etched,

. 53G10.IIL	Sf	feraped

&z&	C. 139, 140.	53®	GEO.	III.	A.B.1813.

fcrapcd or made, or the using any other Inftrumcnt or Device for making or printing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charafter or Characters, or the having any such Plate, Inftrument or. Device, in Cuftody or Potteffion, or the uttering, publishing, dif-pofing of or putting away, or the having in Cuftody or Pofleffion any Paper or other Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters ; any thing herein con-Nor Provifions fained to the contrary not with standing : Provided also, that nothing of T3G.3. c./ij. herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or suspend any Enaftment, Provision, Matter or Thing contain*} in an Aft patted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His'prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for the more ejfedual preventing tbeforgiug of the Notes or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England ; and for the preventing the obtaining a falfc Credit by tk Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the fend Governor and Company; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXL.

An AGt to amend an Aft made in the last Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AH for the more effeHued Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and reffels on the Coafl cf England, and for the Regulation of Boatmen employed in supplying Veflels with Pilots, licensed under the said Aft, so far as relates to the Coaft of Kent, within the Limits of The Cinque Ports*	[13th	July	1813.]

$*0.3-	* TTTHEREAS an Aft patted in the Fifty second Year of tk

4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for tht

•	more effeQual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships end 4 Vejfcls on the Coajl of England : And whereas it is necessary for the 4 entering a ptoper Supply of Pilots under the said Aft for Veflels 4 paflmg Dover and through The Downs, to and from the River 4 Thames and other Places, that further Provifions should be made for 4 the licensing and Regulation of Boatmen usually employed is

*	pitting Pilots on board of Veffels from Dover, Deal, and Ranf* 4 gate and Margate May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by tne King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

Warden of and by the Authority of the fame, That One hundred and forty Cinque Porti to Boatmen shall be licensed by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, license Coatmen or by his Lieutenant, or by the Deputy Lieutenant Governor of in Diftrefcind* plover CaJHe, or such other Person or Persons as shall be from carry off Pilot*, t^me to time fpec’a^y anthorized by the Lord Warden for that , . Purpofe within the Jtrrifdiftion of the Cinque Ports, for the Purpofe of assisting Ships in Diftrefs and conducting them into'and out of the Harbours of Dover, Ramfgate, Margate and FolkJlone, tod •putting licensed Cinque Port Pilots on board of Ships and Vefleh coming from the Weiiward and bound up the River of Thames and Medway; and Fifty of such Boatmen shall constantly reside at Diver, Fifty at Deal, Twenty at Ramfgate and Twenty at Margate; and all such Boatmen shall be refpeftivcly required by Inch Licences so to reside at the refpeftiye' Places to be fpedfied in their Licences,

afid

v^,

A.D.i8i3*	S¥	GEO.	Kir	C.140,

and shall, upon quitting their Places of ReGdence, or negledingi to use or ad under the fame for the Space of Two Months, unless prevented by Illr.efe, forfeit such Licences: And all fuefi Boatmen, before any such Licence shall be given as aforesaid. shall be examined as to their Knowledge of the Coast, and their Ability to concjud: Ships and Vefifcls into The Downs* and the Harbours of Dover* Ram fa ate, and Margate and Folkjlone* by the Commiflnners of the Lord Warden of the Cioque Ports for settling Salvage and the other Commifiioners appointed by this Ad> at the refpc&ive Places where such Boatmen /hall apply to be licensed at a Meeting to be held for the Purpofe of this Ad, upon whose Certificate the Lord Warden or his Lieutenant, or the Deputy Lieutenant Governor of Dover Castle, or such other Person or Persons as shall be authorised as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant such Licence as aforeGtid; and if tire Number of Persons so approved and qualified to ad as such licensed, Boatmen shall exceed the Number prescribed by this Ad, the Names of the Persons lb approved and qualified shall be entered in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, together with the times of their Approval and Examination, ia order that they may regularly succeed by Rotation to the Vacancies that may from time to time occur of such licensed Boatmen; and Licences shall thereupon be granted to such Boatmen, iu such Order and Rotation from time to time as Vacancies aritie by Death or Forfeiture of Licences or otherwise, in order that such Number of licensed Boatmen for such respective Places as aforesaid may at all times be complete.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Mayor of Dover* the Mayor of Sandwich, and the Mayor of Deal, and alio the Two senior Justices of the Peace for each of those Places for the time being, not being Commifiioners of Salvage, shall, and they are hereby appointed jointly with the said Commifiioners of Salvage of the Lord Warden, Commifiioners for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution within their respective Jurifdi&ions, and examining such Boatmen, and granting such Certificates as aforesaid to Boatmen for Licences under this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the laid Commifiioners of Salvage at the respective Places for which they are authorised and empowered to ad as such Commifiioners, under and by virtue of au Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin Aft for preventing various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the JurifdiBion of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain jDcfcdts relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign^of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, to make Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Government of such Number of Boatmen to be licensed under this Ad, as are hereafter specified, at their respective Places; and such Rules, Orders and Regulations when made, shall be printed and put up in conspicuous JParts of the Cufiom Houses, Piers, Harbours and Places, to which such Rules, Orders and Regulations apply, for the Infpedion of all such Boatmen and other Boatmen, and all other Persons having occasion to employ such Boatmen, and all Persons iotereited in the enforcing such Rule*, Orders and Regulations as aforesaid.

S f 2	IV.	And

Boatmen examined before Licence granted.

Commifllonera for examining Boatmen.

Rules for Borneo made by Commifiioners.

48 G.3, c. 130.

628

C.140.

53° GEO. III.

AD.1813.

Licence to Boat-men free of Strops.

Licence to de-fcribe Person, and produced to Officer of Cuftoms, Sec.

Licence altered or lent.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Licenfed Boat* men offending agiinft Revenue Laws.

Penalty.

Rates to Boatmen for putting Pilots'on board of Veffels t

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Licence granted or to be granted under the Authority and Provifions of this Ad, to any Boatman, shall be subject to any Stamp Duty; any thing in any A& or A&s of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted. That every such Licence (hah be written or printed in large Chara&era, so as to be read with great Facility by Night an well at by Day ; and every such Licence shall contain a Defcription of the Person to whom the fame it granted, and hin Place of Refidence, and the Date of grantiag thereof, and shall specify by whom the fame wan granted ; and any Boatman so licensed shall, when on float, have with him his proper Licence, and shall, whenever the fame shall be demanded by aoj Officer of Cuflom or Excife, or the Mafter or other Person having the Command of any Merchant Ship or Veffel, produce the (amc for Infpe&ion: And any Boatman who shall alter any such Licence, or obliterate the fame, or knowingly permit or suffer any Alteration or Obliteration to be made in such Licence, or who shall transfer or lend any such Licence to any other Person or Persons, or who shall refuse to produce his Licence for Infpe&ion, shall, for every Cuch Offence, forfeit such Licence, or forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the hud Commiffiooers.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Licence, or any Provifion relating thereto or contained in this Ad, in relation to any such Boatmen, and no Rules or Reguhfioos made under the Authority thereof, shall have any Efiea or be deemed or construed to affect or in any manner to alter or inter* fere with any Provision, Claim, Penalty, Forfeiture, Relation, Matter or Thing contained in this A&, or in any A& paffedaod now in force, or which may hereafter be passed, for the Prevention of Smuggling; or to exempt any such licensed Boatman from say of the Provifions of any such A&, or any A& or A&s of Parliament relating to His Maiefty’6 Cuftoms or Excife.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Boat* man licensed under the Provifions of this A&, shall be convicted of any Offence against any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, or mall be concerned in or shall wilfully connive at any indire& Pra&ice or Frauds against the Revenues of Cuftoms or Excife, or shall procure, abet, connive at or participate in aoy di(hontft Spoil, Concealment, Fraud, Exa&ion or Corrupt Pra&ke, relating to Ships or Veffels, or Persons in Diftrefs at Sea or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Tackle, Apparel, Furniture or Cannes of any such Ship or Veffel, or relating to the Crew or Pa&ngen belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods or Chattels of any of them ; then and in every such case, any such licensed Boatman wall, ower and above all other Punifliments^* Mul&s or Penalties, for such Offences forfeit his Licence, or be fufptnded from acting as a licensed Boatman, at the Difcretion of the laid Commiffiooers.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That all such licensed Botfmts shall be paid the Rates now allowed for putting Cinque Ports Pilou on board Ships or Veffels, butihall not be entitled to any such Rites unless the Pilot is actually shipped and put on board of such Ships or yeffels, and such Boatmen (nail be entitled to demand, have and receive the Sum of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draft of Water of any Vcfitl piloted by them into any of the laid Harbours,

tad

A.D.1813.

sy GEO. m.

c.140.

629

and Three Shillings for every Foot Draft of Water for piloting out of any of the Taid Harbours; and such Payments shall in both cases include the Hire of the Boat and Crew in moderate Weather j but if such Pilotage or Afliftance shall take place under any circum-ftances of Distress, then such Boatmen shall be allowed such Sum as the said Commissioners of Salvage of the Lord Warden shall in each such case award.

* IX. And whereas Impofitions are often practised upon Paflengers

#	landed from Veffels, and Difputes often arise as to the Sums proper

*	to be paid in such cafesFor Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Salvage at any of the Ports and Places for which Commissioners of Salvage shall be appointed, upon the Application of any Boatman or of any Paffenger or Paffengars landed oy any Boatman at any such Ports or Places respectively, to hear and in a summary manner to fettle any Difpute which shall arise between any such Boatman or PafTenger, and to fix and adjust the Sum to be paid by such Paffenger or Paflengers respectively, for any Service which shall have been performed by such Boatman or Boatmen in the bringing on Shore or landing from any Ship or Veffel any Paffenger or Paffengers, or the Goods or Baggage of any Paffenger or Paflengers, and to make such Order in relation thereto as shall appear to the said Com-miffioners to be necessary and proper; and such Commissioners shall for that Purpofe use and exercise all such and the like Powers and Authorities as are given to them in case of Salvage, by the said recited A61 of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid.

X.	And be it further ena6ted, That no more than Two licensed Boatmen shall be allowed to go in each Boat; and in every case in which any such licensed Boatmen shall be cruising without any Hcenfed Cinque Ports Pilot, and shall fall in with any Ship or Veffel requiring a licensed Cinaue Ports Pilot, One of the licensed Boatmen shall be left on board the Ship or Veffel wanting such Pilot, as a Guarantee for a proper licensed Cinque Ports Pilot being brought or sent off the Shore to such Ship or Veffel 5 and the Boatman so left shall not be entitled to any Sum of Money or Payment for being so left, or being on board of such Ship or Veffel.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That every such licensed Boatman having a Boat, shall cause the Number of his Licence to be diftin6Uy painted in Figures on each Bow and Quarter of such Boat, and ou both Sides of every one of the Sails thereof, with the Addition

for the Dover Boats, of the Roman Letters D* R. in Black;

the Deal Boats, the Letter D. in Black; the Ram/gaje Boats,

the Letter R. in Black ; the Margate Boats, the Letter ]M. in Black, which Figures and Letters shall be at least Eighteen Inches ia Length, and Twelve Inches in Breadth: And every hcenfed Boatman who shall not have the proper Number and Mark distinctly painted in manner aforesaid, on the Sails of his Boat, or who shall have any Sails on board not duly numbered and marked as aforesaid, or improperly numbered and marked, or who shall in any manner evade or attempt to evade any of the Provifions of this A6t, shall forfeit his Licence, and also a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Veflel not having a licensed Boatman on board, (haQ without lawful Authority

<51 3	carry

In cases of Dif-trefi, fettled by Commiffioiisrs.

Commissioners may fettle Difpute between Boatmen and Paflengers, as to Sums to be paid for landing from Ships.

48 0.3. c. 130. Licenfed Boatmen cruising without Pilot td leave one of Hcenfed Boatmen on board of Ship at Guarantee for bringing off* Pilot.

Boats of licensed Boatmen marked on Sails.

Penalty. Boatmen not licensed carry-

-6jo

Ins diflingulfl/tng Marks

Penalty,

Litenftd Boatmen refusing to take off licenced Pilots.

Penalty,

Pilots nerlcfTing to go off to lese their Turn.

Licences to continue in force during good Behaviour.

Penalties how recovered.

SI G.3.C.39.

| IO.

Privy Council empowered to suspend Provi-fion as to a certain Number of CitHjue Ports Pilots being con-ftanily aBo.t.

.Ci4©-	53®GJEO.III.	A.D.iJrj.

carry such diftinguiffiing Numbers. and Marks as afQresaid, the Owner or Owners, or the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Veffel displaying or carrying any such Number or Mark, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Tea Pounds,

XIII.	And be it further ena&cd, That every such licensed Boatman as aforesaid, who shall, on being applied to by a licensed Cinque Port Pilot to take him off to any Ship or Veffel, refuse so to do, utileft prevented by Illnefs, shall, upon due Proof thereof to the Satisfa&ion of the Commissioners for executing this Ad, in the Place where he shall be licenled, forfeit his Licence, aud any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot, whose Ton it shall be to go off on Duty, shall refuse or neglect so to do, on being applied to by any licensed boatman to go off to any Ship or Veflel, such Pilot so neglecting or refusing to go off to such Ship or Veffel, .shall lose his Turn, and such Ship or Veffel shall be piloted by any duly licensed Pilot who shall first get on board, but which shall not be taken for the Turn of Duty of such last mentioned Pilot.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all Licences to be granted by virtue of this Ad, shall continue in force during so long time as the Boatmen to whom the fame shall be granted shall faithfully and diligently discharge their Duty ; and no such Licence shall be annulled or fufpendtd but upon such* Grounds of Complaint or Incapacity, Negligence or Milbehaviour, and an Order made thereon by the Commissioners acting in Execution of this Ad, at a Meeting to be held for the Purpofes of the said Ad.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad, shall be recovered, levied and applied as any Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered, levied and applied under the Provifions of the said recited A & of the last Session of Parliament; and all the Provisions, Claufes and Regulations in the said Ad contained for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be used, applied and enforced for the recovering, levying and applying the Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally and separately re-enuded in and made Part of this Ad.

4 XVII. And whereas by the said recited Ad patted in the 4 last Session of Parliament, it is, amongst other things, enacted, 4 that a proper and sufficient Number of the Cinque Port Pilots, 4 not less than Eighteen at any one time, and in Succeffion from 4 time to time, without Intermiffion or any unnecessary Delay, 4 should at all seasonable times by Day and Night constantly ply 4 at Sea, or be afloat between the South Foreland and Dungmjh 4 to take Charge of Ships and Veffels coming from the Weftward: 4 And whereas ir may be expedient to suspend the carrying into 4 Execution that Part of the (aid recited Ad ? Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council by any Order or Orders made for that Pu^pose, and publffhed by Proclamation in The Gazette, to suspend so much of the said recited Aft as directs the Cinque Ports Pilots constantly to ply at Sea, and be afloat, between the Diftances in the said Ad fpesifled, either for any Period His Majesty shall think proper, and to be in such case fpedfied

.	in

530 GEO. Eft

C. 140, *41.

(J31

In such Order or Orders, and Proclamation, or until any further Order of His Majesty in Council shall be issued for again carrying the said Provifion of the said recited Aft into Effeft and Exe-1 cution ; and all the Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures in relation to such specified Number of Pilots constantly plying at Sea, and Claufes and Regulations for enforcing the fame, shall, upon the issuing of such Proclamation, remaiu and continue so suspended.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being Specially, pleaded.

,	CAP.	CXLI.

,An Aft to repeal an Aft of the Seventeenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An At1 for regijlering	4	c-'/f

the Grants of Life Annuities ; and for the better Protc&ion of/'	/

Infants againjl such Grants ; and to substitute other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[	14th	July 1813]

*	TY 7 HE REAS it is expedient that an Aft, passed in the Seven- 17 G.3. c.16.

*	W teenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Atl for repealed, except

regijlering the Grants of Life Annuities ; and for the better Protedion, 38!? An™,t,#,s of Infants againjl such Grants, should be repealed, and other Pro* °r em ar2***

■€ vifious substituted in lieu thereofMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament .aUembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Aft shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except, so far as regards any Annuities or Rent Charges, which have been granted before the pafling of this Aft.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Thirty Days after the Annuities, &c. Execution of every Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other Affurance, enrolled in whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the Chancery, pafling of this Aft, be granted, for one or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years or greater Eftate determinable on one or more Life or Lives, a Memorial of the Date of every such Deed,

Bond, Inftrument or other AfTurance, of the Names of all the Parties and of all the Witneffes thereto, and of the Person or Persons for whose Life or Lives such Annuity or Rent Charge shall be granted, and of the Person or Persons by whom the fame is to be beneficially

received, the pecuniary Confideration or Confiderations for granting

be paid, shall be enrolled

the fame, and the annual Sum or Sums to 1 in the High Court of Chancery, in the Form or to the Effeft following, with such Alterations therein as the nature and circumstances of any particular case may reasonably require :

Sf4

/■

6iz

C.141.

S J : CT3

I* j*~.? zs-f 8-SS

sj^s -

•> X M -

*V

’5 «-£*

I ^3

5 J~ va

*1 £ I 2$

a*

'o

8

B

s

a •

11

s

a

S 2

P*

J3»GE0.m.

Q

d

's's

wd

fcuX

w d

21

«• j=

* s 2 ®

§•5 'S'S *:

^qS

<Q

3

d

o

ri

o ^

8 c .

V. ^

§*%

« «*S

CU Z a «

&

o

S

•«

<n

A.n.ita

1

-•

I

u:i

wd

‘SS's . * p r

«I|! -<?« ° ^o.-

i>wI

6

•«

05

otherwise every such Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other Aflurancf, shall be null and void* to all Intents and Purpofes.

Companies de- HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if aay Mbed^Ky their fQCh Annuity shall be granted by, or to or for the Benefit of toy irm* Company exceeding in Number Ten Persons, which Company fluD be formed for the Purpofe of granting or purchasing Annuities) it shall be sufficient in any such Memorial to delcribe such Company by the usual Firm or Name of Trade.

IV. And

A.D.i8i3«

53* GEO. Ilia

C.141.

IV.	And be it further entiled. That in every Deed, Bond, In- Naroesof Parties ftrument or other AfTurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge beneficially inte-(hall, from and after the passing of this Ad, be granted or attempted rcfted*ft*tod# to be granted, for one or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of

Years or greater Eftate determinable on one or more Life or Lives, where the Person or Persons to whom such Annuity shall be granted or fecored to be paid, shall not be entitled thereto beneficially, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who is or are intended to take the Annuity beneficially shall be described in such or the like manner as is hereinbefore required in the Enrolment; otherwise every such Deed, Inflrument or other AfTurance, shall be null and void.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Copies of Deed by whom any Annuity or Rent Charge, of which such Particulars as or Inftrumenta aforesaid are hereby required to be enrolied, shall for the time being securing Annui-be payable, shall be desirous of obtaining a Copy of every or any *“• ma7 be ob-Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other AfTurance, whereby such Annuity u,ned-

or Rent Charge was granted, and of such his, her or their Defire,

shall give Twenty one Days Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to such Annuity or Rent Charge, such Person or Persons shall, on or before the Expiration of such Twenty one Days, unless prevented by Fire or other inevitable Accident, and in that case if the Aflurances shall not be destroyed by such Accident, then as soon after a6 such Impediment shall be removed, fend or deliver to the Person or Persons requiring the fame, a Copy of every Deed,

Bond, Inftrument or other AfTurance, whereby such Annuity or Rent Charge was granted, or of such of the Aflurances as in such Notice shall be required; and such last mentioned Person or Persons shall, at the time of receiving the fame, pay to the Person or Persons . fu mi filing the fame, a Sum after the Rate of Six pence for every One Fee. hundred Words contained in every such Copy, and also the reasonable Cofts of fending or delivering the fame; and the Person or Persons holding the original Inftruments by which such Annuity or Rent Charge shall be secured shall suffer the Person or Persons, to whom such Copies shall be delivered or sent, to examine the fame with the Originals ; and in case such Copies shall not be sent or delivered, or the Person or Persons holding the original Inftruments shall refuse to suffer such Copies to be examined therewith according to the Direction in this A&, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons by whom the Annuity or Rent Charge is payable to take out a Sum- Summoos. mons from any of His Majefty's Judices of His Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, requiring the Person or Persons neglecting to fend or deliver such Copies, or refuting to suffer the fame to be . examined with the original Inftrument as aforesaid, to appear before /#uch Judge and (hew Caufe in the Premifes 5 and it shall and may be lawful for the Judge before whom such Person or Persons shall be summoned to make such Order for the Produ&ion of the Inftruments by which such Annuity or Rent Charge shall be secured, and for suffering the Complainant to take Copies thereof, and examine the fame, or the Copies delivered with the original Inftruments, and otherwise in the rremises, as to such Judge shall seem meet.

VI. And be it further enacted. That if any Part of the Confedera-

tion for the Purchafe of any such Annuity or Rent Charge shall be returned to the Person advancing the fame, or in case such Contidet*-lion, or any Part of it Audi be paid in Notes, if any of the Notes, with

the 7

In what cases Proceedings against Grantor of Annuity

C. 341.

53'GEO. in.

A.D.1813.

37o.

the Privitv and Confent of the Person advancing the fame, dull not be paid when due, or shall be cancelled or destroyed without being first paid ; or if such Confideration is expressed to be paid in Money, but the fame or any Part of it shall be paid in Goads; or if the I	;	17/	ooPon^^eratlon	or	an)r Part °f it ^>e retained, on Pretence of

J * aufwering the future Payments of the Annuity or Rent Charge, or any other Pretence ; in all and every the aforesaid cases, it shall be lawful for the Person by whom the Annuity* or Rent Charge is made payable, or whose Property is liable to be charged or affdted thereby, to apply to the Court in which any A&ion shall be brought for Payment of the Annuity or Rent Cnarge, or Judgment entered/by Motion, to Ray Proceedings on the A6tion or Judgment, and if it shall appear to the Court that such Pra&ices as aforesaid, qr any of them, have been used, it shall and may be lawful for the Court to order every Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other Affurance, whereby the Anhuity or Rent Charge is secured, to be cancelled, and the Judgment, if any has been entered, to be vacated.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That a particular Book shall be " •provided and kept by the Clerks of the Enrolments in Chancery, or

their Deputy, in which such Particulars as hereinbefore are mentioned shall be entered Alphabetically, by the Names of the Grantor*, in order of time as the fame shall be brought to the Office; and the said Clerks of the Enrolments, or their Deputy, shall specify in the Book the certain Day, Hour and Time on which such Particulars ^re brought to the Office, and shall grant a Certificate of the Entry thereof, when required 5 and that there shall be paid for eveiy such Entry Twenty Shillings only, and the Fee of One Shilling for every Certificate and Copy given, and the Fee of One Shilling for every Search in the Office, and no more.

VIII.	And be it further ena^ed, That all Contracts for the Par-

Book kept by Clerks of Enrolments in Chancery.

Pees.

Contrails for

Purchafeof An- chafe of any Annuity or Rent Charge with any Person, being under lbn^under Age Age °* Twenty one Years, shall be and remain utterly void; voM.	*	any	Attempt	to	confirm	the	fame	after	fucb Person shall have attained

Endeavouring to the Age of Twenty one Years notwithstanding: And that if iny induce Infants to Person shall, either in Person, by Letter, Agent or otherwise howfo-jrant Annuities. ever# procure, engage, solicit or a(k any Person, being under the Age of Twenty one Years, to grant or attempt to grant any Annuity or Rent Charge, or to execute any Bond, Deed or other Inftrument for securing the fame, or shall advance or procure or treat for any Money to be advanced to any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, upon Confideration of any Annuity or Rent Charge to be secured or granted by such Infant after he or (he shall have attained his or her Age of Twenty one Years, or shall induce, solicit or procure any Infant* upon any Treaty or Tranfa&ion for Money advanced or to be advaneed, to make Oath or to give his or her Word of Honour or fo-lemn Promise, that he or (he wil! not plead Infancy, or make any other Defence against the Demand of any such Annuity or Rent Charge, or the Repayment of the Money advanced to him or her when under Age, or that when he or (he comes of Age, he or (he will confirm or ratify, or in any way substantiate such Annuity or Rent Ch«|F* every such Person shall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor; and being .thereof lawfully convi£ted in any Court of Afsize, Oyer andTermuer, -or General Gaol Delivery, shall and toay be puniftied for the said Offence by Fine, Imprifonment or other Corporal Punifhment, as the Court shall think fit to award.

IX. And

M '(demeanor.

V

A	53°	GEO.	III.	0.141,142.	635

IX.	And be lit further enacted, That all and every Solicitors and Aaing as Soli-fiolioitor, Scriveners and Scrivener, Brokers and Broker, and other citors,*c. in Pesfom or Person, who, from and after the passing of this Aft, fuctl cases* shall a(k, demand, accept or receive, directly or indirectly, any Sum

or Sums of Money, or any other Kind of Gratuity or Reward, for

-the Soliciting or procuring the Loan, and for the Brokerage of any

{Money that shall be actually and bona fide advanced and paid as and

Jor the Price or Confideration of any such Annuity or Rent Charge,

fover and above the Sum of Ten Shillings for every One hundred

bounds so actually and bona fide advanced and paid, shall be deemed

and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and being lawfully con- Mifdemeanav

Tided of iuch Offence in any Court of Aflize, Oyer and Terminer,

or General Gaol Delivery, shall and may for every such Offence be

punished by Fine and Imprifonment, or one of them, at the Difcre-

tion of the Court; and that the Person or Persons who shall have

paid or given any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity or Reward,

-fhali be deemed a competent Witnefs or Witneffes to prove the fame. Witneflet.

X.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall not extend to Prcvifofor Scotland or Ireland, nor to aay Annuity or Rent Charge given by Scotland or Ire-Will or by Marriage Settlement, or for the Advancement of a Child, land, and An-*ior to any Annuity or Rent Charge secured upon Freehold or Copy- nuities granted -liold or Cuftomary Lauds, in Great Britain or Ireland\ or in any of Wl

-"His Maiefty’s Poffefiions beyond the Seas, of equal or greater Annual • Value than the said Annuity, over and above any other Annuity, and .the Intereft of any Principal Sum charged or secured thereon, of ■which the Grantee had Notice at the time of the Grant, whereof the Grantor is seised in Fee Simple or Fee Tail in Pofsession, or the Fee Simple whereof in Po (lemon the Grantor is enabled to charge at the time of the Grant, or secured by the actual Transfer of Stock in any of the Public Funds, the Dividends whereof are of equal or greater Annual Value than the said Annuity ; nor to any •voluntary Annuity or Rent Charge glinted without regard to pe-•cuniary Confideration or Money’s Worth; nor to any Annuity or •Kent Charge granted by“any^Body Corporate, or under any Authority or Truft created by Aft of Parliament.

CAP. CXLII.

An A£1 to explain and amend several Afts relative to the Land Tax.	[14th	July 1813.]

*	\\T HERE AS an Aft passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the 38 0.3. c. j.

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for granting 4 an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain

*	for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety

4 eighty was made perpetual by an.other Aft passed in the fame Year, ^gG. 3.

4 intituled An AB for malting perpetual, fubjcB to Redemption and 4 Pur chafe in the manner thereinJiated, the several Sums of Money now

*	charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the 4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand ftven hundred and ninety 4 eight: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether several Claufes and

*	Provifion8 in the said first mentioned Aft, having reference to the

*	particular Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, are 4 by the said other Aft continued and made applicable to each fub-4 fequeat Year of Affeffment respectively, and the Executon of fuch

Claufe*

C.f4*«

53° GEO. in.

A.D.1813-

All Matters re-

r' red to be e by first recited Ad by CommHfionert, Afleflors, & c. (Exception)

shall be done by them in any Year for which Afleflment made by virtue of last mentioned Ad, 4c.

Commilfioners to cause Two Duplicates of Afleflmenti to be made out, Ooe for Receiver General of each County, and One for Commiffion-ert for Affairs of Taxes, 4c.

*	Claufes and Provifions is thereby impeded: And whereas it » ex-

*	pedient that such Doubts should be removed and other Provifions

*	made for the better Colle&ion and Regulation of the Duties pay-

*	able under and by virtue of the said recited Ads ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Ads, Matters and Things authorized or required to be done or performed in and by the said first mentioned Ad, in the Execution thereof within and for the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, by any Commiflioners, Afleflors or Colledors (except where any such Matters and Things are varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Ad), may ana shall be done and performed by them respectively, within or for the Year in or for which any AfTdTfneat shall be to be made by virtue of the said laft-mentioned Ad, in like manner, and at the like times, and at the Places as were therein cfi-reded with reference to the said Year One thousand fcveri hundred and ninety eight; and all Matters and Things authorized or required to be done or performed in and by the said first mentioned Ad in the Execution thereof, at any limited time after the Year One thoufaad seven hundred and ninety eight, by the said Commiflioners, Afleflors or Collectors (except as aforesaid), may and shall be done and per* formed by them respectively, within the like Period of time after the Year in or for which any AfTefTment shall be to be made as aforesaid; and all Dates and Times mentioned in the said first recited Ad, within or during or after which or with reference to which, any of the Authorities, Powers* Provifions or Dircdions, are to be executed, which are within or are computed from the Year One thousand fevea hundred and ninety eight, or from any Day or Time within the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, or within any prior or subsequent Year, with reference to the Execution of the said Ads for the Year One thqufand seven hundred and ninety eight, shall be construed to refer to the Year of AfTefTment as aforesaid, and shall be computed within or from the Year in which any AfTefTment flail be to be made, or within any prior or Tubfequent Year, with reference to the Execution of the said Ads for such Year of Afleflment, in like manner as is therein directed with reference to the Year One thou* sand seven hundred and ninety eight.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective Commiflioners for putting in Execution the said first recited Ad shall, from and after the passing of this Ad, cause Two Duplicates of every AfTefTment to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, within Six Calendar Months after the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the making of the said Afleflment yearly, containing the whole Sum assessed upon each Parifh or Place, and also the Christian and Surnames of the respective Afleflors or Colledors, One of which said Duplicates the said Commiflioners shall cause to be delivered unto the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place in England, Wales and Berwick atom Tweed, or his Deputy 5 and the other of them, to be sent by the laid Commiflioners to and delivered at the Office for Taxes, for the previous Infpedion of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who may cause Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, to be taken,

and

$37.

4*D*i8i3«

5 3° GEO. III.

C.14*.

mod who shall afterwards transmit such Duplicate to the King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer, for which last mentioned Duplicate the proper Officer shall give an Acquittance gratis, so as every the laid relpe&ive Receiver General may be duly charged to answer their respective Colledors and Receipts; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners (hail neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Duplicates as aforesaid within the time and in manner therein directed, or shall wilfully make any false Entry, or omit any Sum or Sums in such Duplicates, every such Clerk shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered to The King’s Ufe, as other Penalties are recoverable by the said recited Ads.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for any Receiver or Receivers of Monies granted by or charged Under the said recited Ads, or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors or Admi-mftrators of such Receiver, in the Account of the Monies wherewith such Receiver shall be chargeable for any Year after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouund eight hundred and ten, to fet Insuper, or charge any County, Divifion or Place in England, Hr ales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any such Monies aforesaid which shall be in Arrear or unpaid ; provided that true and faithful Accounts of the said Receiver for the particular Year in respect of which the (aid Monies shall be in Arrear, (igned by the faia Receiver, together with all Tallies and Vouchers relating thereto, shall be Delivered or transmitted by such Receiver, his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, into the proper Office of the Auditor of the said Accounts (according to the established and accustomed Courfe of transmitting the said Accounts) on or before the First Day of Hilary Term next after the Expiration of One Year after the End of the Year for which the AfTeflment of the said Rates and Duties shall be payable; but on Default of the Delivery or Tranfmiffion of such Accounts within the times and in the manner last aforesaid, the fame Monies, for or in respect of which such Infuper or Charge might or ought to have been made, shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels respectively.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Adfc, every Infuper or Charge fet upon any County, Parifti or Place for any such the Monies in Arrear as last aforesaid, shall be in force and have Effedt again ft such County, Parifh or Place, by Procefs from the Court of Exchequer, provided that the Accounts of the Receiver for the particular Year in which such Rates and Duties ought to have been paid, containing such Insuper, shall be sworn and declared in the Exchequer on or before the last Day of Eajler Term next after the time herein appointed for the Delivery of the (aid Accounts.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to repeal or alter the Powers given to the Commiffioncrs for the Affairs of Taxes, in and by an Adt palled in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commiffioncrs for the Affairs of Tastes, so far as

the

Penalty.

Receivers to fet Infuper Counties in Arrear on certain Condi, tion*.

Infuper in force by Procefi from Court of Exchequer.

Not to aftedt Powers given te Commissioners of Tates for extending time for settling Infuper3b 4S 0.3-

«38

Infuprn made in pursuance of Accounts of Receivers for Year commencing March 25,1810, or for any previous Year since 1798, and tranf-mitted to Auditors, in force.

CofleAors refuf-ing to attend Commiliioners and not anfwer-ing lawful Quef-tions.

Penalty.

C.142.	530	GEO.	III.	AJD.iSijr

the fame relate to extending the time for settling lufupen hjr Receivers General, in the particular cases and in the manner described and authorized in and by that Aft.

* VI. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Claufes and c Provifions contained in the said recited Aft, limiting the time for « setting lnfupcrs in the Accounts of the Receivers of the said Rates

*	and Duties for the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety c eight, can be extended or applied to the Accounts of the (aid

*	Receivers for the Year commencing the Twenty fifth Day of « March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and to prior Years f since the said Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eigh^

*	and it is expedient to remove such DoubtsBe it therefore further enacted, That all lnfupcrs and Charges fet or made, or u> be fet or made, in or in pursuance of the Accounts of any Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Duties for the Year commencing the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and tea* or for any other Year or Years previous thereto commencing as aforesaid, since the said Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, which have been delivered or transmitted to the Auditor of the said Rates and Duties at any time before the palling of this Aft, or which shall be delivered or transmitted within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the pafling of this Aft, shall be in force and have effect to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said lnfupcrs or Charges were fet, and the Accounts relating thereto were declared and passed within any time or times after the Expiration of the Year of AfTefTment, as is or are prefeibed by the laid recited Afts with respect to the AfTefTment for the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Colleftor of the Duties payable under and by virtue of the said recited Afts, being duly summoned or called before them in the manner thereby dirested, shall refuse to attend such respective Commissioners, or shall not answer all such lawful Queftions as shall be demanded of him by such Commissioners touching the Execution of his Office as Collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce to them the Certificate of ASeffi ments. Accounts or Vouchers of the Receipts or Payments of the said Duties by him as such Collector, every such Colleftor shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be charged upon him in any AfTefTment to be made upon him under and by virtue of the said recited Afts, and to be recovered as such AffcfTments may be re* covered over and above any Forfeiture or Difablity that may be incurred by virtue of any Aft or Afts for detaining Monies of the said Duties in his Hands contrary to such Aft or Afts ; and when* ever any Monies of the said Duties shall be detained in the Hands of any Colleftor or Colleftors, or any Penalty or Penalties imposed on any Colleftor or Colleftors shall remain Unpaid, and the fame or any Part thereof cannot be recovered by or under the Warrant or Authority of the respective Commissioners, or the said Commissioners tbafl negkft to issue such Warrant, then such Part thereof as cannot be so recovered, which shall have arisen from the said Duties, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to His Majesty, his Heim and Succefiort, with all Coils and Charges attending the fame; and such Fart thereof which shall arise from any Penalty as aforesaid, may be recovered by Aftion or Information, as Penalties may be recovered

530 GEO. III.

0.142,143.

by the faitJ recited Aft# or either of thtvn, with full Cofts of Suit 5 and the Sum' so recovered shall be paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parilh or Place answerable for the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enn&ed, That no Stamp Duty shall be charged or chargeable for anf Receipts given by any Receiver General of the Duties payable under and by virtue of the laid recited A6ts, to any Colle&of for Payment of Money made by virtue of the said Afts or this Aft; any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

• IX. And whereas by the said first recited Adi pafTed in the 4 Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, the

*	Commifltoners for putting in Execution that Adi are empowered 4 to feifce and secure and to Tell and dispose of the Copyhold Eftates of

*	Collectors under that Aft neglecting to pay Sums of Money by them € received ; but no Provifion is made by the said A6t for the manner 4 of Sale or Transfer of the said Copyhold Estate, or for the Ad-

*	million of the Purchafers thereofBe it therefore enacted, Tha: the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Adis relating to the Land Tax shall, from and after the passing of this Adi, make Conveyance of all such Copyhold Eftates to the respective Purchafers thereof by Deed indented between 3ny Two or more of the said Commissioners and the said Purchafers respectively, and such Sale shall be effectual to all Intents and Purposes, in like manner as the Sale of Copyhold Eftates of Bankrupts, under and by virtue of Statutes relating to Bankrupts or any of them, by Deed indented and inrolled 2 Provided always, that such Pcrfon or Persons to whom any such Sale of Copyhold Lands shall be made, shall, in like manner as the Purcbafer or the Copyhold Eftates of Bankrupts, before such time as he or they or any of them shall enter or take any Profit of the said Lands or Tenements, agree and compound with the Lords of the Manors of whom the fame shall be holden, for such Fines or Incomes as heretofore hath been mod usual and accustomed to be yielded or paid therefore 5 and that upon every such Agreement or Compofition the said Lords for the time being, at the next Court to be holden at or for the said Manors, shall not only grant to the laid Vendee or Vendees, upon Request, the fame Copyhold or Cuf-tomary Lands or Tenements, by Copy of Court Roll of the fame Manors, for such Eftate or Intereft as to them shall be so fold, and referting the ancient Rents, Cufloms and Services, but aifo in the fame Court admit them Tenants of the fame Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands, as other Copyholders of the fame Manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive their Fealty, Suit or Service, according to the Cuftom of the Court of such Manor.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Aft to direct the Application of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and of such further Sums as may be granted for the Benefit of the Company of Undertakers of The Grand Canal> in Ireland.	[14th	July	1813.]

4 "^TTHEREAS a Committee of the Honourable Hoofe of Com" 4 VV mons, appointed to take into Confideration the Affairs cf 4 u The Grand Canal Company, and the State of Inland Navigation 4 in Irelandfbave reported the Expediency of recommending a

‘ Grant

Receipts given by Receiver General hoc chargeable with Duty.

38 0.3.0.5.

I ny-

Manner of Sale or Transfer t>f Copyhold Eftate* of Collectors ne-gle&'ng to pay Money received by them.

040

Lord Lieutenant may direct 5opool.to be issued out of Consolidated Fund far Benefit of Grand Canal Company.

Company shall fet apart, out of their Funds, a Sum equal to One third of all Sums to be advanced to them; the whole to be applied in Liquidation of their Debts.

c.143.	S30	geu. hi.	AJJ.1&13.

*	Grant of the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds,

*	Irijb Currency, upon certain Conditions, to be applied to the

*	Liquidation of the Debts of the said Company: And whereas in

*	pursuance of the said Report, the Commons of the United Kingdom,

*	in Parliament assembled, have resolved to grant to His Majesty, in

*	the present Year, a Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, Irijb Currency,

*	to be applied, upon certain Conditions for the Benefit of the Com-

*	pany of Undertakers of The Grand Canal) in Ireland :* May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That at any time after the palling of this Ad, by or out of such Monies as shall at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament to be paid out of the fame), there shall and may be issued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, as he or they shall think fit, from time to time, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, to the Treasurer of the laid Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal in Ireland, to be by the laid Treasurer of the said Company applied in the Liquidation of the Debts of the said Company, in such manner as the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, shall direct and approve ; and also subject to and under such Diredions and Provifions as are contained m this Ad ; and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them for the time being, is and are hereby authorized to issue the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Irijb Currency accordingly.

* II. And whereas one of the Conditions upon which the laid Com-

*	tnittec of the Honourable House of Commons recommended the

*	Advance of the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds,

*	is, that the said Company should themselves advance the Sunt of

*	Fifty thousand Pounds 5 the Whole of both the said Sums to be

*	applied, in similar Proportions, to the Liquidation of the Debts of € tne said CompanyBe it therefore enacted, That before any Part of ^he said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, to be issued under the Authority of this Ad, in the present Year, or any further Sum of Money to be granted on account of the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, £0 recommended to be advanced as afore-said, shall be issued or paid over to the said Company, or to their Treasurer, or any Person for their Ufe, the said Company shall fet apart, out of any Funds, Monies or Securities, belonging to the said Company, a Sum of Money equal to One thiid Part of ltich Sum as Audi from time to time be directed to be issued for the Ufe of the said Company ; and the fame shall be placed in the Bank of Ireland) in the Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland) and of the Treasurer of the said Company; and the laid Company shall apply such Sum of Money so fet. apart, together

13	with

tf4r

-A.D.1813.

53* GEO. IIL

C.14J.

with such Sam as shall at any time be so issued to the find Company, an the Payment or Liquidation of such Debts of the said Company, and in such manner and at such times, and in such Proportions and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, shall, upon Representations to be made to them, on Behalf of the said Company, think fit from time to time, to order, direct and approve.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Book keeper. Accountant Book keeper of

or other proper Officer of the said Company, shall, once in every Cmnpany to Half Year ending the Twenty eighth Day of February and the °®f Thirty first Day of Augufl respectively, make out and prepare a full Jn^fend CopU* and complete Statement of the Accounts of the said Company, by to Lord LieutZ way of Debtor and Creditor, for the Half Year ending on such Twenty mint and Ttt»-eighth Day of February and Thirty first Day of Augujt respectively, furXJ circu-fhewtng the whole Receipts and Expenditure of the laid Company on	**>•*.#monC

account of the said Canal, and the Charge on the said Company, in x * respect of all Intereft payable on all Debts due from the said Company during such Half Year, together with all other Matters necef-

ftary to (how the true State and Condition of all the Funds, Revenues,

Expenditures and Debts of the said Company ; and the said Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer as aforesaid, shall sign his Name at the Foot of such Account, and shall make Oath to the Truth thereof before any One Magiftrate for the City of Dublin ( which Oath any such Magiftrate is hereby empowered to administer); and the said Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer as aforesaid, shall Ten Days at least before the Day of each Half Yearly Meeting of the said Company next after each aforesaid Twenty eightn Day of February and Thirty first Day of Augujl respectively, cause Two written Copies of such Accounts signed by the said Book keeper, Accountant or Officer as aforesaid, and attested by the Ma-giftrates before whom Oath shall be made of the Truth thereof as aforesaid, to be delivered, One at the Office in Dublin of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and the other at the Office in Dublin of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland> or of the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Treasurer; and the laid Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer as aforesaid,

shall also cause printed or written Copies of eveiy such Account to be circulated among the Proprietors of the Joint Stock of the said Company, and to be ready to be delivered to all and every such Pro-• prietors and Proprietor as may demand the fame at the Office of such Book keeper. Accountant or other Officer in Dublin, at any time within Ten Days before the Day of such following Half Yearly Meeting as aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted* That, from and after the pading Ho Dividends of this Aft, no Dividend for Payment of or from, or on account of or made except of under Pretext of any Profits resulting from the said Canal or other- clear Profits afi-wife, to the said Company, or to the Proprietors of the Joint Stock ** ^•y,n«nt of the said Company, shall be made or paid, or distributed to or

among the said Proprietors, or any of them, except only of and from rf such actual dear Profits as shall arise in any Half Year after the passing of this Aft to the said Company, from the Receipt of the *

Tolls and Duties, and other Property veiled in them by Law, after paying or providing for all Expences of maintaining and keeping up 53 Gao. III.	T	t	the

C.I43*

53" GEO. HI.

A.D.1813*

Company not to borrow Money on Loans without Confent of Lord Lieutenant and Treasury.

the said Canal, and also the Intereft of all Loans and Debts con-trafted or to be contrafted by the said Company ; and that all such Expences, and all Intereft of such Debt, mall be fully paid or provided for before the declaring any such Dividend by the Direftors of the said Company, or the making of such Dividend by the said Company.

V.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paflBng of this Aft, it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or the Directors thereof, to borrow or take up at Intereft any Money, by Loan or on Debentures, upon the Credit of the said Canal, or of the Tolls payable in respect thereof, or of the Eftate of the Company therein, or on any other Security, or in any other manner howfo-ever, without the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them for the time being, in Writing first had and obtained under his and their Hands and Seals respectively; and that any Loan made or Debentures issued without such Confent and Approbation signified as aforesaid shall be null and void; any thing in any Charter, Bye-Law or Aft of Parliament, or any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That within Two Calendar Months after the palling of this Aft, the Direftors of the said Company shall invest or cause to be invested, in Funds transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, or in other Government Securities, the fuO Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds Irijh Currency, for the Purpofe of providing for the Expences to be incurred by any unforeseen or sudden Accidents which may happen to the said Canal, or any of the Works or Embankments thereof, or by any other Contingencies which may from time to time arise, in relation to the (aid Canal; and that whenever any Part of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds Irijh Currency, or of the Funds or Securities in which the fame shall be invested, shall be applied in the Payment of such Expences, the Amount of the Sum so expended shall be replaced, before any Dividend upon the Capital Stock of the said Company shall be made, so that a Permanent Fund or Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds Irijh Currency may always remain applicable, and ready to be applied in the Payment of any such Expences, as the fame may from time to time arise or be incurred.

1 VII. And whereas the said Company of Undertakers of The

*	Grand Canal are at present possessed of or entitled unto certain

*	Collieries and Coal Mines, with divers Lands and Hereditaments

*	connefted therewith in the Queen's County in Ireland\ whereon con-

*	fiderable Sums of Money havo been expended; and it is expedient

*	that the said Collieries and Coal Mines, Lands and Hereditaments,

*	fhould be fold and disposed of, as soon as possible, and the Produce

*	of the fame applied as hereinafter mentioned J Be it therefore enacted, That all the said Collieries and Coal Mines, Lands and'Hereditaments, and every of them, shall be fold and disposed of by the said Company, as soon as a just and fair Value can be obtained for

tuuucc a iwu ^ame> an(* t^lat ^ an(* evei7 Sum a^d Sums of Money to be pro-^Liquklation of duced by the Sale thereof, after Payment of the necessary Expences Company's attending such Sale, shall be applied by the said Company in and Debts, Ire.	towards

jo,oool. to bs invested in Government Securities ss a permanent Fund, to answer unfore-fecn Demands.

Collieries of Company in Queen's County disposed of, and Produce applied

C. 143.	€4$

towards the Liquidation, paying off and decreahng the Debts of the said Company, in the mod effectual and advantageous manner that can be devised by the Diredors of the said Company, for the time being ; and that until the said Coal Mines and Colheries, Lands and .Hereditaments shall be so fold and disposed of by the said Company, the clear Monies and Profits of the fame, after Payment of all Ex-pences for working and managing the said Coal Mines and Colheries,

<hall be applied by the said Company in and towards the Liquidation, paying off and decreasing the Debts of the said Company from time to time, so far as the fame will extend: Provided always, that in case the Tolls, Rates, Duties, and other Sum and Sums of Money and Income, which shall or may arise to the said Company from the said Grand Canal, shall not be sufficient to defray the Whole of the annual Expeiices of maintaining and managing the said Canal, and the Pay* ment of the Intereft of the Debts of the said Company, then and. in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to apply so much and such Parts of the clear Income or Profits of the laid Coal Mines, Colheries, Lands and Hereditaments, as may be necessary for that Purpose, towards the Payment of the said Expences of the said Canal and the Intereft of the said Debts, in Aid and so far only as the Whole of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, Sum and Sums of Money and Income arising from the said Canal, shall not be sufficient tor that Purpose; and that in such case so much of the clear Monies and Profits of the said Coal Mines, Colheries, Lands and Hereditaments, as shall remain, after providing for the Excefs of the Expences of the said Canal, in Aid of the other Funds thereof as aforesaid, ft all be applied towards the Liquidation andpaying off and decreasing the Debts of the said Company in manner aforesaid*

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafling Account kept of of this Adi, the Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer of Ikbt paid eff by the laid Company, shall from time to time keep a just and exa6t ^ 0n°e* Account of all such Sum and Sums of Moneyas fball at any time, third of Intereft after the passing of this Adi be applied, either from the Produce applied as a Sink, of the Sale of the said Coal Mines, Colheries, Lands and Heredita- in* Fund to pay znents, or from the Yearly Income thereof, according to the Direc- off re«*aininx tions of this Ad, in the Payment of any Part of the Principal Debt 1 c

due and owing from the said Company, at the time of the passing oi this Ad, and that from and immediately after the Payment and Dif-charge of any Part of such Principal Debt, a Sum equal to One third Part of the Amount of the Intereft which was payable on such Part of the said Principal Debt as shall be so paid off and discharged, shall be retained and relerved by the said Company, and shall con-ftitute a Sinking Fund at Compound Interect, and shall be paid and -applied to the Redudion and Redemption of the remaining Debt of the said Company, until the Whole of the said Debt shall be fully -paid off and discharged.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Director, Treasurer, Dire&ors,*c.

Accountant, Book keeper or other Officer of the said Company of	to

Undertakers of The Grand Canal $ or any Proprietor of the Joint obeI Stock of the (aid Company, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to do any

matter or thing required to be done, or to observe and comply with any Diredion or Regulation required to be observed by him or them under this Ad, or mall do any thing contrary to the Dircdions of this Ad, whereby the Intent and Purpofe of this Ad; aud of the

Tt 2

Pro*

C. 143, 144.

33* GEO. m.

AJD.I813.

Ttuiitj.

40O.3. (I.) c.51.

Hi-

Lord Lleute-R4iit may direA Treasury to raise Money for Pnrchafe of In-tercfti of Lune-jrick Navigation Company, which shall be transferred to Inland Navigation Directors.

Provifions therein contained, shall be firuftrated or rendered inefiedive, or the Operation of this Ad shall be delayed or prevented, every such Director, Treasurer, Accountant or other Officer of the said Company, and every Proprietor of such Joint Stock, so wilfully neglcd-ing or refusing to ad, or so acting contrary to this Ad, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no E(Totn, Protedion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and after Judgment for such Penalty again (I any Director, Treasurer, Accountant, Book keeper or other Officer of the said Company, such Director, Treasurer, Accountant, Book keeper or other Officer shall forfeit and lose such his Place or Office, and shall be ipso faQo deprived of the fame; and (haH be, and is hereby declared to be incapacitated from holding or exercising the fame, or of being again elected thereto ; any Eledion, Appointment, Charter, Law, Statute or Ufage notwithstanding.

CAP. CXLIV.

An A£k to amend an A& of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland.	[14th July 1813.]

•	YT7HEREAS by an Ad passed in the Parliament of Ireland 4 VV in the Fortieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, b-

•	tituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five hundred 4 thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and 4 for the other Purpojes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the 4 raiftng of the fatd Sum by Loan ; it was, among other things, 4 enacted. That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds should 4 be, and the fame was thereby granted to and veiled in His Majesty, 4 to be applied to the general Syftem of Iuland Navigation in /re-4 land, and particularly to the opening a Communication between 4 Dublin and the River Shannon^ and to the rendering the Shannon 4 navigable from Lough Allen to the Sea, the said Sum to be raised 4 in manner directed by the said recited Ad ; and it is highly expe-

•	dient for carrying into Effed the Purpofes of the said Ad, that € so much of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds as 4 has not been appropriated or supplied to the Purpofes of the said 4 Ad, and as may be sufficient for the Purpose, should be applied 4 in purchasing the Interefl of the Limerick Navigation Company

•	in the Navigation and Works now veiled in and belonging to the 4 said Company;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

S>iritusl and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament emblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to direct the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland or the Commiflioners for executing the said Office, to raise and borrow under any of the Powers given by the said recited Ad, such Sum and Sums of Money as may be requisite for the Pm chafe of all the Intereft of the said Company in the said Navigation, and to pay and apply such Sum accordingly in such Purchafe according to such Orders as the Lord

LicU-

A.D.i8rj.	53"GEO.IIL	C. 144, 145.	64$

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall issue for that Purpose, and that immediately upon such Purchafe being completed, all Right and Intereft of the laid Compaify in the laid Navigation shall be transferred, and conveyed to apd veiled in the Diredors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Inland for the time being, appointed under and by virtue of the said Ad; and the said Navigation, and all Tolls and Funds, and all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to the fame, shall be and become and remain veiled in the said Diredors, in like manner as in and by the said recited Ad is directed with respect to Navigations carried on and executed by means of Public Grants, and with all such Powers and Authorities for carrying and managing the said Navigation as are now veiled in the said Lhneriei Navigation Company, and as by the said recited Ad are given to the laid Directors with respect to any Navigations by the said A61 veiled in them, subject nevertheless to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in such cases as in the laid A61 are mentioned and specified.

• II. And whereas Difficulties have arisen and may from time 4 to time arise in bringing and defending Adions, ana in carrying -• * on Profecutions with respect to Matters entrusted to the faid

*	Diredors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ircland%

4 under the said recited Ad of the Fortieth Year of His Majefly’s 4 Reign, or any other Ad, inafinuch as by Law the said Diredors 4 muff at present in all cases sue and be sued, by their several and

*	diftind Names and Defcriptions Be it therefore enacted, That, Mfcutioat

from and after the passing of this Ad, all Adions and Suits to be	***

commenced or inllitutedl>y or 00 Behalf of or against such Diredors d#”nd#*

of all Works relating to Inland Navigations in Ireland, now or hereafter for the time being, shall and lawfully may be commenced and instituted and profecutea by or against and in the Name of the Secretary for the time being of the said Diredors, and that all Profecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Diredors, for Fraud upon or against or for Embezzlement, Robbery of or Stealing the Property of the said Diredors, or for any other Offence committed against or with Intent to injure or defraud the laid Diredors, Ihall and may be lawfully brought or instituted and carried on in the Name of the Secretary for the time being of the said Diredors, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence, and the Death, Refignation or Removal, or other A& of such Secretary for the time being, shall not abate any such Adion, Suit or Profecution.

CAP. CXLV.

An Ad to amend the several Ads for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	[20th July 1813.]

*	TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provifione 4 VY for the regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland;*

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament r.fsembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That whenever any Diftiller from Com or ABowtnce it

T t 3	Grain,	Officer cbufitf

*4*

Diftiller with Duty or Exctfs of Spirits over Still Cliarge,

DiftiUer declaring such Exeels, charged only withJialfDuty.

Provifo.

D’riltllers not to secure Eactfs of

C. 145.	530	GEO. III.	AJU.itiy

Grain, or from Sugar, in Ireland, over and above the respective Quantities of Spirits for which such Diftiller is chargeable by Law, in respect of each and every Still, according to the Content thereof, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each such Still, for any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, shall also be charged with and shall pay the full Doty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates established by Law, from all Pot Ale, Wafh, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Diftiller shall have actually distilled within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day6, then and in fnch case it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor and Guager in Charge of the Diftillery of such Distiller, or other Officer of Excife making such Charge on such Distiller, to be paid and allowed, and to receive as a Recompence for the Performance of their Duty, any such Sum, being a Proportion of such Duty for such further Quantity of Spirits charged on and paid by such Distiller, as the Commiffioncrs of Inland Excife and Taxes (hali by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, think proper to order and direct; and such Sum shall be paid to such Officers, or any of them, at such time, and in such manner, and in such Proportions, as the said Coo. miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, by and with such Confent as aforesaid, shall from time to time order, direct and appoint.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Diftiller who shall have actually dittilied, within any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, any Quantity ot Spirits from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, over and above the Quantity for which such Diftiller shall have been charged and chargeable by Law, according to the Content of each and every Still, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for such Still, shall from time to time have duly (hewn and declared, or caufod to be (hewn and declared, to the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery, the full Quantity of such Excefs of Spirits so actually distilled within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, then and in such case the Officer in Charge of such Diftillery shall charge such Diftiller with a Duty on every Gallon of such Excefs of Spirits so declared and (hewn, equal to One Half only of the Duty charged on and payable for every Gallon of such Spirits with which such Diftiller shall be chargeable according to the Content of such Still, and the Number of Charges of Low Wines and Singlings; and such Charge of One Half Duty on such Excefs of Spirits (nail be paid in such manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as srt required with relation to the full Duty on all such Spirits with which such Diftiller shall be chargeable according to the Content of the Still, and the Number ot Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, by any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Duty on such Spirits: Provided nevertheless, that in case the Quantity of such Excefs of Spirits so (hewn and declared, shall be less than

•	the whole Quantity of such Excefrf of Spirits actually distilled by such Distiller, such Diftiller shall be liable to and shall be charged with aud shall pay the full Duty for the whole of such Excess, 11 if

*	no Part of inch Excefs had been (hewn or declared.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller to secure any Part of any such Excels of

Spirits

A.JLM813.	53°UJiU*11L	,C.145-

Spirits as aforefcid in any of His Maiefty’s Warehouses or Stores, under or by virtue of any A& or A&s in force at the time of the palling of this Ad for the Warehoufmg of Spirits; and that all Spirits which at any time after the palling of this Ad shall be iecured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty shall, upon being taken out of such Warehoufe for Home Confumption, be charged with and pay the full Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Six pence Briti/h Currency for every Gallon thereof 5 and that no Diftiller or other Person who shall export any Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, which shall not have been warehoused, shall be entitled to or shall receive any Drawback whatever on the Exportation of any such Spirits, unless such Diftiller or Person so exporting such Spirits shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, upon Oath or otherwise as the said Com-miffioners shall direct and require, that all such Spirits so exported have actually paid the full Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Six

5>ence for every Gallon thereof 5 and such Drawback on all Spirits o exported shall be paid under such other Rules and Regulations as the said Commiffionera of Inland Excife and Taxes shall from time to time think fit to make relating thereto.

IV.	And, for the better fecuringthe Ufe of Malt in the making of Spirits, and the Payment of the Duty on all Malt so used, be it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery of any Diftiller for the distilling of Spirits from Com or Grain malted or unmalted shall at the End of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, while any Still of any such Diftiller shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall by Law be chargeable as working, call upon such Diftiller %o produce and deliver, and such Diftiller shall accordingly produce ana deliver, or cause to be produced and delivered to such Officer, pn any Day to be appointed by such Officer, after the Monday in the Fourth Week of each such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day8, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually mashed or brewed by such Diftiller within the Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days ending immediately before such Monday, together with Permits or Certificates for the permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Malh Keeve of such Distiller; and if upon such Account, and the Permits and Certificates delivered therewith, it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt so actually mashed or brewed by such Diftiller shall be lets than after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits for which such Diftiller shall have been charged and chargeable with the Duty within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, every such Diftiller shall, for every Barrel of such Deficiency of Quantity of Malt, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence Brhifb Currency, ana fb in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity than a Barrel; and if such Diftiller shall retufe or neglect to produce and deliver such Accounts or such Permit or Certificates as aforesaid, or to cause the fame to be produced and delivered to such Officer, such Diftiller shall for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits for which such Diftiller shall have been charged and chargeable, within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence Briiijh Currency ; One Third Part pi which said several Forfeitures shall be paid and distributed to the

T t 4	Officer

647

Spirits in King’s Warehouses. Diftillers to pay Duty before Removal from Warehouse; and give Proof of Payment of Duty previous to Drawback oil Exportation being allowed.

Diftiller to deliver Monthly Aceount and Permits for Malt used, if not after the Rate of One Barrel for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits.

Penalty.

Penalty.

A.D.i8t3«

CommHBocurt •ppljrio* znd n* miuing Petukttt.

h what casa Dif-tiller not chirge-aWa tor Deficiency of Malt in last Month of working.

Dtftillcn to verify Accounts of Malt.

Account of Malt confumod exceeding De-ertafe of Stock.

Penalty.

Spirits distilled in Soils of any Size may be warcboused, without Payment of Duty, tinder Order of Board of JUdfe, with Coolant ef Treasury.

C. 145.	53°GEO.!IL

Officer or Officers in Charge of such Diftillery, and the other Two Third Parts thereof shall, by the Collector to whom the fame shall be paid, be placed to the Account of the Duties on Malt payable

in Ireland.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any case where the Commissioners of Excife may consider that the Officer ought not to receive the said One Third Part of the said Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-miffioner8 either to remit such One Third Part of the (aid Penalty, or to direct that the whole of the (aid Penalty of Nineteen Shilling* and Six peoce shall be placed to the said Account of the Duties on Malt payable in Ireland.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if by the Accounts and Permits to be produced by such Diftiller at the End of the last Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days of the whole of any time during which any Still or Stills of such Diftiller shall by Law be chargeable as working, and by the Permits and Certificates to be delivered with such Accounts, as compared with the Accounts and Certificates and Permits previously delivered, it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt actually raafhed or used by such Diftiller during the whole of the time that the Still or Stills of such Diftillers have been so chargeable by Law as working, shall be equal to or shall exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Barrel of Mak for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits for which such Diftiller shall have been charged and chargeable with Duty within the whole of such time of working, such Diftiller shall not be liable to any such Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence, in respect of the Quantity of Spirits diftilied, or the Quantity of Malt ma(hed or brewed within such last Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days although the Quantity of Malt so ma(hed or used within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days shall be less than the Rate or Proportion aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the Distiller, by whom or on whose Behalf such Account shall be produced, shall, if thereto required by the Officer to whom the fame shall be tendered, make Affidavit (or solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker) to the Truth of such Account, before the Colle&or of the Diftritt; and on Default or Refufal of such Diftiller so to do, such Account shall not be received by such Officer; and if any Diftiller shall insert in any such Account a greater Quantity of Malt, as being maffied or used or consumed by such Distiller, within the Period mentioned in such Account, than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of the Malt made or received by such Distiller, every such Diftiller shall, for every Barrel of such Excefs of Malt, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity than a Barrel.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this A&, it shall and may be lawful for every Diftiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, in Ireland, who is or shall be licensed to keep a Still of any Content whatsoever, to warehouse such Spirits, without Payment of Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, in any of His Majefty's Warehoules or Stores in any Port in Ireland\ in which, or ia the Diftri& iu which such Port fhau

be

649

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.in.	C. 14J.

be situated, such Still shall be licensed by the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes ia Irelandy or in any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores in any Town in Ireland at which the Office of the Colledor of Excife for the Diftri&s shall be he!dy and also in His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores at such other Places in Ireland as the said Com* miffioners of Inland Eacile and Taxes, by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall direct and appoint; any thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg, in like manner, and under and subject nevertheless to such Rules and Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and modes of Recovery thereof, a9 are provided, mentioned and contained in an Ad made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to Provide for regulating the IVarebouJtrg Spirits diflilledfrom Corn in Ireland, for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon ; and to transfer the Cu/lodt of Spirits so wareboufedy from the CommiJJioners of Cutloms and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers, or in any other A A or Ads in force in Ireland at or immediately before the passing of this Ad, with respect to the Warehoufing of any Spirits, and to the Exportation of the fame, or to the taking of the fame out of Ware-iioufe for Home Confumption; and that all such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be applied and put in practice, with respect to the Warehoufing of Spirits distilled frouv Com or Grain, malted or unmalted, in Ireland9 in Stills of any Content whatever, and to the Exportation thereof, and to the taking thereof out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been expressly Tepeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad, except only so far as such Rules aud Regulations are altered or amended by this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in case at any time after the Thirtieth Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to permit the Diftillation within Ireland of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council to be publi(hed from time to time in the Dublin Gazette^ to permit and funer all and every Person and Persons in Ireland (but not any particular Person or Persons), at any time or times, not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Couneil, to make Worts or Wafh for Diflillation, and to distill Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Com or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran; and it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, from and after the time mentioned for that Pur-pofe in any such Proclamation or Order in Couneil, to make Worts or Walk for Diftillation, and to distill Spirits accordingly ; any thing in any A St or Ads to the contrary m any wife notwithftandingr; subject nevertheless to the Regulations contained in this Ad, or in

any

5*0.3. c.30.

Lord Lieutenant may permit di(tilling from Corn at any time after 30th August 1813.

v^.

Ftijury.

Subornitioo of Peijury.

In case of Accident* ekherin Malt or Sucar Di(liUenes,Oom-tnifCotiert of Excife may make Allowances.

Provifet

Penalties bow levied and paid.

X4«c 15 C

(I. Seff.+ 46 G. 3. c.

any other Ad or Ads in force for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Ad required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Paine and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, every such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Peijury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That whenever any Diftfllrr licensed under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for the Diftillation from Corn or Grain, or from Sugar shall, by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been prevented from distilling any Wafli or Pot Ale from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or any Sugar Wasti, within the time respectively prescribed by Law, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland^ on Proof made to their Satisfadion that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to abate any Charge of Double Duty which may have been made on such Distiller, in respect of any such Wa(h, Pot Ale or Sugar Wafh, not having been distilled within the time prescribed by Law for the distilling of such Wafh, Pot Ale or Sugar Wa(h respectively; and also to make any proportionate Allowance to any Diftiller in Confideration of any Lofs by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident

froved as aforesaid, by which any Wafh, Pot Ale, Sugar Wafh, iOw Wines, Singlings or Spirits shall have been deft roved ; aod alfb to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law in any Period of Four Weeks, in Confideration of any Fatality or unavoidable Accident proved as aforesaid, by which such Diftiller shall have been prevented from working for any time within such Period of Four Weeks: Provided always, that every such Abatement and Allowance be first approved by the Com-miffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and that no such Abatement or Allowance shall be made to any Diftiller who shall have made any Infurancc against Lofs to be sustained by any such Fatality or Accident, without regard being had to the Amount receivable under such Infurance.

XII. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency ; and (nail be raised, levied, col-leded, paid, sued for, recovered and applied (except where otherwise directed by this Ad) in such manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Diredions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the settling of the lx- 4 cife or ne<u> lmfojl upon His Majessy, his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted ; or in and by an Ad made in the

Forty

t^.

A.D.1813.	J3CGE0.	III.	C.i4$,	14&	$51

Forty sixth Year of Hi* present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An ABta provide for the better Estecution of the several ABs relating to the Re•

Denies, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any other Ada or Ad in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fuHy and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted; Appait with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the laid recited Ad of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforesaid, is provided.

CAP. CXLVL An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Pojl Roads in Ireland ; and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majejly's Pojl Office more secure and expeditious.	[20th July 1813.]

WHEREAS hy an Ad passed in the Forty fifth Year of the 45	»4>

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend 4 the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Pojl Roads in 4 Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Maiejly's 4 Pojl Office more secure and expeditious, it was, among other things, 5 4 enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury who 4 (haU present any new Road under said Ad, to present to be railed * off each Barony or Half Barony through which such Road shall 4 pass, or off the County at large, if it shall appear to them expedient,

4 the whole of the Sums neceffaiy for laying out, forming, gravelling 4 and fencing every Part of any such new Line of Road, and making 4 Footpaths, and for repairing, grayelling, widening, fencing or 4 turning the Backs of existing Fences to the Road, or making root-4 paths to any Part of any old Road that shall be retained : And I <9*

4 whereas by the said recited Ad it is also enacted, That it shall and 4 may be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any Ground, or of 4 any House or Building into which any old Road is to be widened,

4 or through which any new Road is to be made under the Authority 4 of the laid Ad, or any Person having an Intereft in any such 4 Ground, House or Building, to traverse the Prefentment for roak-• ing or widening such Road tor Damages 5 and that the Jury which * shall try such Traverfe shall a new Verdid give, whether any and 4 what Damages shall accrue by the Prefentment to the Traverfor or * Traverfors; and that it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to pre-* sent such Sum or Sums of Money so found for Damages, or any • Part thereof, to be railed off the Barony, Half Barony, County of • a City or County of a Town, in which Inch Ground, or House, or 4 other Building shall be (ituate: And whereas such Damages so * found form a component Part of the general Coft and Expence of 4 such Road, and it is fit and reasonable that the like Regulations 4 should be enacted respecting the Prefentment of such Damages as * the other Expences attending the making of such new Road, or * widening and altering such old Road Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prefent

LjOoq le

•rand Juries empowered to present for Da* mages accruing to Owners and Occupiers of Land, &c. to be railed off Counts at large*

Clerk of Crown to transmit Copies of Presentments to Lord Lieutenant, dec who shall order Money to be advanced out of Confobdated Fuad to Trea-furer of County.

Treasurer of County to pay Money received by him to Collector of Re. venues.

Former Aft.

Treasurer may suspend issuing Warrant for levying Money presented.

C.14 6.	53#GEO*IIL	AJJ.iIij.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the (sue, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in Ireland, at any Affizes to be held after the palling of this Aft, to present all such Sum or Sums of Money as has or hare been awarded for such Damages and has or hare not been levied, and all such Som or Sums of Money as shall hereafter be awarded for such Damages, to any Traverfor or Traverfors to be raised off the County at large, or partly off the Baronies and partly off the Counties at large, at fuck Periods, and in such Portions, as they shall deem proper: Provided always, that the entire Sum so presented shall be directed to be railed in such Portions as shall caule the whole of the fame to be levied within Sis Years at mod from the time when such Money shall have been presented.

II.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the Grand Jury of any County shall have so presented any Sum or Sums of Money for Damages as aforesaid, to be raised by yearly Portions, to be levied within Six Years, the Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith tranlmk t Copy of such their Preferment to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to his or their Chief Secretary, and it shall and may be lawful for 7fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at his or their Difcretion, to order the Commiifionera for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to advance and pty out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland any Sum or Sums cl Money so presented for Damages as aforesaid, to the Treasurer of such County, to be by him paid to the several Persons to whom such Damage* have been awarded; and all such Money so advanced and paid to such Treasurer, shall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by the said Treasurer for the Ufe of the County, and all Securities given by such Treasurer, or os his Behalf, shall extend equally to such Money as to any other Money in his Hands.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That every Treasurer of a County, receiving any such Money or Monies, shall pay to the Colleftor of His Majefty’s Revenues in the DiftriA wherein the County Town is Situate, all such Sums as he shall receive from time to time from the Baronial or other Collectors, by virtue of the Preferments on so* count of which such Money shall have beeu advaneed, until he (hal have discharged the whole Sum so advaneed, but without Intereft for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Provifions of the laid re* cited AA, in case of Failure of Repayment of any Monies which msy be advanced under the laid Aft, be deemed and taken to extend to all cases of Failure of Repayment of any Sums of Money which may be advanced under this AA.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That in case any Sum or Sums of Money heretofore awarded for Damages shall have been presented to be raised off any Barony or Half Barony in any County, and that the fame hath not been levied, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of such Countv to suspend issuing his Warrant for the levy ing of such Money, and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, if they think fit, at the next ensuing Affizes to pretest the lame, to be railed according to the Provisions hereinbefore contained*

VI. And

A.D. 1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C. 14 6,147.

VI,	And be it further enacted, That when any Grand Jury in Ireland, or the General Overfeer or Overseers appointed by them, /hall have entered into a Contrad or Contra&s with any Person or Per-fbns for formings grayelling, widening and fencing any such Line of Road, and for making Footpaths, or turning the Backs of the existing Fences to any Part of such old Roads as shall be retained, or for building, repairing, widening or altering Bridges, Arches, Pipes, Gullets or Walls thereon, or tor lowering any Hills, or filling up, hollow or reducing any Ascent, and shall have taken sufficient Security from such Contrador or Contractors, and Two Sureties by Bond and Warrant to confefs Judgment thereupon, for the due Execution of such Works, according to the Plans, Eftimates and Specifications annexed to such Contrad, and lodged with theTrealurer of the County, such Security for such Contrador shall be approved of in mauner by the said recited Ad directed ; and in such case it shall not be necessary for such Overfeer or Overseers, or their Deputy or De* puties, to give Security to such Treasurer; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwith(landing: Provided always, that the Treasurer shall not pay any Money to such Contrador or [Con-tradora, except upon an Order of T wo or more of the General Overseers appointed by the Grand Jury, to which shall be annexed an Affidavit of such Contrador or Contractors, which shall date, that the Part of the Work for which Payment is demanded, has been faithfully, honestly and effectually executed according to the Terms of the Contrads ; and also specifying the Sum already received, and the Sum already expended, and like wife any Affidavit of a Deputy Overseer, appointed by the General Overfeer or Overseers, dating that he has carefully examined such Work, and that it has been faithfully, honestly and effectually executed, in pursuance of the Terms of the Contrad, according to the bell of his Judgment and Belief.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Aft for the better securing the Excife Duties on Spirits in Great Britain, and for rectifying a Miftake in an Aft of the last Session of Parliament for granting certain Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar.	[20th	July 1813.]

FOR better preventing Frauds which Diftillers may commit by privately removing and concealing Wa(h, Low Wines or Spirits, and in order that the Officer may obtain true Gauges of the lame: Be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ana Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ufsembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Tenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, no such Diftiller or Diftillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, at one and the feme time, have, keep or continue in any Calk by him, her or them made use of as or for a Low Wine Cask, any Low Wiues or Spirits extracted from different Stills, unless such Stills shall have been charged with Wa(h at one and the fame time, and also worked off at one and the fame time, nor shall any such Diftiller or Diftillers have, keep or continue in any Calk by him, her or them made use of as or for a Low Wine Cask, any Low Wines or Spirits extracted from different Charges of one and the fame Still; and if any fuch

Diftiller

*53

If Contrail tittered into by Grand Jury,

See. be lodged with Treasurer, Security to him not necdTary.

Treasurer not to pay Money to Coutrador, except upon Order of General Overseers. Ice.

Regulations as to keeping of Low Wines or Spirits of 'different Stills or of different Charger.

L.

<*S4

Penalty.

Cafts provided for Spirits pro. duced from each Charfe of Walh

Strength c/ Spirit* triad.

Regulations for keeping Spirit Calk

C. 147,	53cGEO.in.	A-D.i8i>

Diftiller or Diftillers (haH at one and the (amt time have, keep or continue in any Caffe by him, her or them made ule of at or for a Low Wine Calk, any Low Wines or Spirits extracted from different Stills, unless such Stills shall have been charged with Walh at one and the fame time, and also worked off at one and the fame time, or shall have, keep or continue in any Calk by him, her or them made use of as or for a Low Wine Calk, any Low Wines or Spirits ex traded from different Charges of one and the fame Walh Still, then and in each and every iuch case such Diftiller or Diftillers so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II And be it further enacted, That all and every such Diftiller or Diftillers shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Spirit Calk sufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Spirit? which shall be extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Walh Still or Walh Stills, and shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to run and convey into such Spirit Calk immediately from the Low Wine Still or Low Wiue Stills all such Spirits so extracted ; and when and so fooo as the whole Quantity of such Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of such Walh Still or Walh Stills shall be collected in such Cafk from the Low Wine Still or Low Wine Stalls, the proper Officer of Excife shall take a true Gauge, and try the Strength of such Spirits, and call and compute the lame at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exact Account thereof; and such Officer of Excife shall take such Gauge and try the Strength immediately on being required by any such Diftiller or Diftillers so to do ; and all and every such Diftiller and Difr tillers shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep and continue in such Calk all such Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of such Walh Still or Walk Stills until the proper Surveyor, Superior or Officer of Excife shall have gauged the fame and ascertained the Strength thereof; and no such Diftiller or Diftillers shall at one and the fame time have, keep or continue in any Calk by hinst, her or them made use of as or for such Spirit Calk as aforesaid, any Spirits extracted from Low Wines pro-

Juced from different Walh Stills, unless such Walh Stills shall have een wholly charged with Walh at one and the fame time, and worked off at one and the fame time, nor any Spirits extracted from different Low Wine Stills, unless such Low Wine Stills shall have beca charged at one and the fame time, and also worked off at one and the lame time with Low Wines produced from Walh of one and the fame Charge of the Walh Still or Walh Stills; and if any such Diftiller or Diftillers shall neglect or refuse to provide a proper Spirit Calk sufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Spirits which shall be extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Walh Still or Walh Stills, or shall neglect or refuse to run or convey into such Calk all or any Part of the Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of such Walh Still or Walh Stills as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, or shall negle£t or fefufe to keep or continue in such Calk all or any Part of the Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from any Charge of any such Walh Still or Walh Stills until the proper Surveyor, Superrifor or Officer of Excife shall have gauged tnc lame and ascertained th#

14	Strength

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. IIL	C.147.

Strength thereof, or shall at one and the fame time hare, keep or continue in any Cafk by him, her or them made use of as or for such Spirit Cafk as aforesaid, any Spirits extracted from Low Wines pro* duced from different Wafh Stills, unless such Wafh Still shall have been charged with Wafh at one and the fame time, and also worked off at one and the fame time, or shall at one and the fame time have, keep or continue in any Cafk by him, her or them made use of at or tor such Spirit Cafk as aforesaid, any Spirits produced from Low Wines extracted from different Charges of his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh Stills, unless such Wafh Stills shall have been charged with Wafh at one and the fame time, and also worked off at one and the fame time, or shall have, keep or continue in any Cafk by him, her or them made use of as or for such Spirit Cafk as aforesaid, any Spirit* extracted from different Low Wine Stills, unless such Low Wine Stills shall have been charged at one and the fame time with Low Wines produced from Wafh of one and the fame Charge of the Wafh Still or Wafh Stills, then and in each and every such case the DiffiUer or Diftillers so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds : Provided always never- Pttwlty. theless, that no Difliller or Diflillers shall be subject or liable to any Provif*» such Penalty for not keeping or continuing in such Cafk all fuen Spirits or Feints extracted from any Charge of any Still, until the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer of Excife shall have gauged the fame and tried the Strength thereof, if such Difliller shall have given to the Officer of Excife, under whose Survey he, she or they shall be, Notice in Writing Two Hours at the lcafl of the time when such Spirits or Feints are to be pumped up or removed from such Cask, and if the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer shall not at the time specified in such Notice, or within One Hour after, attend to gauge and afeertain the Strength of such Spirits or Feints in such Cafk ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife ootwithftanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Difliller Cade provided t* and Diflillers shall, and he, she and they is and are hereby also re- contain wboU quired to provide a proper Feint Cafk sufficient to contain the whole Q'

Quantity of Feints which shall be produced from each Charge of his,

her or their Low Wine Still or Stills, and shall, and he, she and they charge.

is and are hereby required immediately to run and convey all the

Feints which shall be produced from each Charge of his, her or

their Low Wine Still or Stills directly from such Still or Stills into

the said Feint Cask, and when and so soon as the whole Quantity

of such Feints shall be collected in such Feint Cafk from such Charge

of such Low Wine Still or Stills, the proper Officer of Excife

shall take a true Gauge, and try the Strength of such Feints, and Strength of

caff and compute the fame at the Strength of One to Ten over Feints tried.

Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exact Account thereof; and all

and every such Diftiller and Diflillers shall, and he, she and they is and

are hereby required to keep and continue in such Feint Cafk all the

Feints produced from each Charge of his, her or their Low Wine

Still or Stills, until the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer of

Excife shall have gauged the fame and ascertained the Strength

thereof, and shall distil alTfuch Feints with and amongff the Wafte

of the next Charge, or next Charge but one, of his, her or their Regulations f<*

Wafh Still or Wafh Stills; and if any such Difliller or Diftillers shall keeping fuck

negled Feint Caflu

Penalty,

Pump for empty inf Spirit and Feint Cafe fcrurtd.

Obftr u^>ing OSun.

Penalty,

In what case Allowance for Defidency of Spirits.

Prorifo*

C. 147.	53*	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

negled or rvfufe to provide a proper Feint Caflt sufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints which shall be produced from each Charge of hit, her or their Low Wine Still or Stills, or shall neglect or refuse immediately to run or convey into such Feint Calk all or any Part of the Feints which shall be produced from any Charge of his, her or their Low Wine Still or Stills as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to keep or continue in such Feint Calk all or any Part of the Feints produced from any Charge of his, her or their Low Wine Still or Stills until the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer of Excife shall have gauged the fame and ascertained the Strength thereof, or shall neglect or refuse to dillil all or auy Part of such Feints with or amongst the Wa(h of the next Charge, or next Charge but one, of his, her or their Wa(h Still or Wa(h Stills, then and in each and every such case the Diftiller or Diftillers so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every such Diftiller and Diftillers shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to permit the proper Officer and Officers of Excife to secure the Pump or Pumps for emptying the Spirit and Feint Calk respectively, so as to prevent such Pump or Pumps from being used in the Ab-fenceof the Officer, and aHb to secure the Lid or Head of the Low Wine, Spirit and Feint Calks respectively; and the proper Officer and Officers of Excife is and are hereby authorized and empowered so as to secure such Lids and Pumps respectively in such manner as to such Officer and Officers shall seem meet for the refpcc-tive Purpofes aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Diftiller or Diftillers or any Workman or Servant belonging to him, her or them, shall obftrust, assault, relict, oppose, raoleft or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Ad, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to such Officer or Officer* every such Diftiller or Diftillers (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds*

4 VI. And whereas according to Law as the fame now Hands,

*	Diftillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, making,

*	distilling, extrading or producing any Quantity of Spirits exceed-4 ing the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons for every One hundred 4 Gallons of Wort or Walh brewed or made from Sugar, are bound 4 to pay Duty for all such Spirits as aforesaid exceeding the Pro-4 portion aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Seven Shillings and 4 Elevenpence Halfpenny for every Gallon of such Excess, computed 4 at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof: And 4 whereas it may sometimes happen that from the Influence of the 4 Atmofphere on the Prooefs of Diftillation for the Converfioo of 4 such Walh into Spirits a less Proportion of such Spirits may be 4 produced,[and it is therefore expedient to make such rrovifion as is 4 hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of OQober One thoulknd eight hundred and thirteen, an Allowance (nail be made for such Deficiencies, and the Duty paid only on the Balance or Total of Exceffes above the Deficiencies of Produce to be ascertained yearly in the Month of Jnly9 or when such Diftiller shall cease working: Provided always never-thelcfs, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed

or

x

A.D.t8i3»	$3*GEO. HI.	0147,14$.

or construed to extend to any Excels or Excefles of Spirits made, dif-tilied, extracted or produced by any Diftiller or Diftillers who shall he difeovered to have become Bankrupt, or to be in declining or decayed circumstances so as to induce the Commiflioners of Excife to deem it expedient to have recourse to the Prerogative Procefs of Extent or Diem clavjit ext remum, or to a summary Profecution for the Recovery of the Duties for or in respect of any such Excefs or Ex-cefles of Spirits as last aforesaid 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

4 VII. And whereas by a Claufe in an Aft made in the last SeiBon 520.3.0:3.539; 4 of Parliament, among other things, and for granting certain Duties

•	on Worts or Wa(h made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Dif-

•	filiation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, it was enacted, that 4 that Aft should commence and take Effeft as to all such Matters 4 and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Com-

•	mencement is thereby directed or provided, from and immediately 4 after the Eighth Day of February One thonfand eight hundred and 4 twelve, and should remain and continue in force during the Term 4 that the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain should be and 4 remain in force: And whereas it was by the said Aft intended that 4 the fame should remain and continue in force during the Term that 4 the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain 4 should be and remain in force, but proper Words for that Purpofe 4 were by Miftake left out of the said Clause, and it is therefore ex-

4 pedient to rectify the said Miftake ;* Be it therefore enacted. That ExpUiaed. the said Aft shall be deemed and taken to have commenced and taken Effeft as to all fuen Matters and Things therein contained, in Tefpeft whereof no special Commencement is thereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to have been in force, and shall remain and continue in force during the Term that the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be mnd remain in force; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penaltit*how Forfeitures imposed by this Aft, shall be sued for, recovered, levied lcntd« or mitigated by such means, ways or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weflm'tnjler; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Aft to provide for the more effectually preventing the Illicit

Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	[20th July	1813*3

4 TXT HE REAS it is necessary, in order to restrain illegal Diftil-4 W lation in Ireland, that the Provifions contained in several 4 Afts of Parliament, for the imposing of Fines in respect of un-4 licensed Stills, or Parts of Stills, or Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines 4 or Singlings, being used or found in any Townland in Ireland,

4 should be revived and amended Be it therefore enacted by the 53 Gxo. III.	U	u	Koog*a

A.D-iti3*

<?5«

47	G. 3. Seff 2. c, 17.

48	G. 3. C. El.

49	3-	99.

rcj-ea^d by

5% G. 3. c.97.

revived

(Exception.)

Kb Information proceeded on,to impose Fines, till Notice by Excife.

Flue* on Town-lends, Ice.

C. 148.	530	GEO.	III.

King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coofeot of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this Ad, all and every the Claufec and Pro-vilions relating to the impoiing or levying all or auy such Fine or Fines which are contained in an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Forty Jixtb Tear of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the ColleBion of the Duties on Spirits dijitUed in Ireland ; and in an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the several Ads for the regulating and feeur* ing the ColleBion of the Duty on Spirits dijhlled in Ireland; and in aa Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the several ABsfor the regulating endfoenring the ColleBion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail; and which Claufes and Provifionsj by an Ad made in the Fifty ftcond Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend several ABs relating to the Revenue of Inland Encife and Taxes in Ireland, were repealed, shall be and the fame are hereby revived, and shall be in full force, from and after the palling of this Ad, except so far as the fame relate to the fining of any Parifh, Manor or Lordlhip, or any other Dillrid than aTownland ; and except so far as the said recited Ads are altered or amended by this Ad ; and that it shall from thenceforth be lawful for the Court or Judge at any Affizes or Prefenting Term for any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, or at any Prefenting Term in the County, or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Townland, for or in respect of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utenfil for distilling Spirits, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, Which at any time, after the passing of this Ad, shall be used or found within any Townland in Ireland, in such Sum or Sums of Money or Penalty, as is by this Ad directed to be inflicted for or in respect of the fame respectively ; under and subject nevertbeleis to the Regulations relating to such Fines in the said recited Ads, or any of them, and in this Ad mentioned and contained ; any Repeal, Clause, Matter or Thing, in the said recited Ad of the Fifty (Second Year aforesaid to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Information for any Offence, for the Purpofe of proceeding to impose any such Fine, shall be received or proceeded upon, by or before any Juftice of Peace, in any County, City, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, until Notice shall have been given under the Hands of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has betm deemed expedient by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, upon the Rep refen tat ion of the laid Commissioners of Inland Excife ana Taxes, that the Provifions of the said Ads, and this Ad, Ihould be put in force within such County, County of a City or County of a Town respectively, from such time and for such Period as shall be mentioned in such Notice.

III.	And be it further enacted, That when under and by vwtueof the said recited Ads of the Forty seventh. Forty eighth and Forty

ninth

AJXi8i3«	53°GEO.IIL	C.148.	659

ninth Years aforesaid, - and of this Aft, the Court at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, at any time after the passing of this Aft, shall be required to fine any Townland, on account of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within such Townland, such Court shall fine such Townland in the Sum of Twenty First Offence, five Pounds only, and no more; and in case, at any ensuing Affizes or Prefenting Term, the Court shall be required on any of the said Accounts to fine any Townland which shall have been so fined in the said Sum of Twenty five Pounds on any of the said Accounts, at any preceding Affizes or Prefenting Term, such Court shall find fuel*

Townland in such Second Indance, in the Sum of Forty Pounds; Second Offence.

and in case at any ensuing Affizes or Prefenting Term, the Court

shall be required on any of the said Accounts to fine any Townland

which shall have been so fined in the Sum of Forty Pounds on any of

the said Accounts, at any preceding Affizes or Prefenting Term, iuch

Court shall in every such Indance fine such Townland in the Sum of

Sixty Pounds ; and all such Fines of Twenty five Pounds, Forty Third Offeace.

Pounds and Sixty Pounds respectively, shall be levied and recovered,

and didributed, in such manner and Proportion, and by such ways

and means, and under all such Rules and Regulations, as by the faid

recited Afts of the Forty seventh, Forty eighth and Forty, ninth 47	3* SeAT. s.

Years, or any of them, is dirested, with repeft to any Fine to be ^g1?* c gx

levied on any Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordship, under the said 49 0.3! c! 99!

Afts or any of them ; except only so far ah the said Afts are altered

or amended by this Aft.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Whtre Offender Offender shall have been tried and convicted for any Offence, declared convicted of Mfc to be a Mifdemeanor by any Aft or Afts for the regulating or fe- demeanor, Fin# curing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits made m Ireland, by °° the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Excife) of Half payable to the Townland in which the Place shall be situate where such Offence Informer; and if was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant, be- he give* up hit fore any other Information for the said Offence shall have been given Right, no Fins to a Magistrate, the Court before whom any such Conviftion shall be ‘“P0**®* had at any Affizes or Prefenting Term shall fine such Townland on account of such Offence, in One Half of the Sums respectively hereinbefore mentioned; that is to fay, in the Sum of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in the first Instance, the Sum of Twenty Pounds in a Second Instance, and the Sum of Thirty Pounds in a Third or anj fubfoquent Inftance ; to be recovered and levied in like manner as is directed with respect to the other Fines hereinbefore mentioned ; and the Whole of such mitigated Fine or Sum shall be paid by the Trea-fiirer of th$ County, County of a City or County of a Town, to the Inhabitant who (ludl have so given such Information, and by whose ,

Evidence such Conviftion shall have been had; and in case iuch Inhabitant shall (late in such Information, that he is willing to give up all Right in such Fine, if imposed, it shall not be lawful for such Court in such case to fine any such Townland on account of such Offence, in any Sum of Money whatever; any thing in this Aft, or in any of the said recited Afts, or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithilanding.

U u 2	V.	And

66o

C. 148.

53» GEO. in.

AJX1813.

In Market

T owns,Fine* laid cn Dirttllery and adjoining Houf$$«

47 G. 3 Seffi a-

*17.

When illegal Still found on Borders of Two or more Town-lands, Fine im-pofed on each*

Officer colluding to fine . Townlandi.

Penalty. 490.3- c.99. 15.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, under the said recited Afts and this Aft, the Court at any Affixes or Prefenting Term shall fine any Townland being situated in Part or in the Whole within any Market Town or City in Ireland\ in any Sum of Money, on account of any unlicensed Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for distilling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings having been found orufed in any Place within such Town-land, situate within any such Market Town or City, such Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, within which fuch’ Townland shall be situate, to issue his Warrant for levying the Whole of such Fine or Sum of Money off the Diftillery House or Place in which such unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singi lings, were found orused, and off such Houles and Places as shall be adjoining to such Didillery House or Place 5 and such Fine or Sura shall in such case be applotted upon and raised off such Diftillery House or Place, and such Houfes or Places adjoining, exclusive of any other Part of such Townland ; in such manner ana according to such Rules and Regulations, as are contained in the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid: Provided always, that if no such Applotment or no sufficient Applotment shall be made on such Diftillery House or Place, and the Houfes or Places so adjoining, such Fine shall be levied off the whole Townland, as is directed by the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year, in cases where no Applotment is made under the said recited Aft.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear upon the Trial df any Information, that any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for the distilling of Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Loir Wines or Singlings, shall have been found or used in any House or Place on the Borders of any Two or more Townlands, so that it cannot be ascertained within what Townland such House or Place if wholly or in Part situate, it shall be lawful for the Court to fine each and every or any Townland on the Border or Borders of any of wdiich such House or Place or any Part thereof, shall be situate, in a Penalty ©r Fine of Twenty five Pounds, and to direct the Treasurer or Treafurers of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the said Townlands or any of them shall be situate, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pound* upon each and every such Townland, to be applotted upon and raised off each such Townland, in such manner and according to such Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Afts or any of them.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be an Officer appointed by or acting under the Commilfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or the Commilfioners of Cuftoms and Povt Duties in Ireland, shall be guilty of any Collufion or fraudulent Practice whatever, whereby any Townland shall become liable to the Payment of any Fine under the said recited Afts and this Aft, every Person so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, instead of the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for such Offence, mentioned and provided in the said recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to be recovered and applied in such manner as is dirtfted by

the

A.D.1813*	53° GEO. III.	C.148.

the said recited Ad, with respect to such Penalty or Sum of Fifty Pounds : Provided always, that it shall and iqay be lawful for any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cefs in such Townland, to appear at the Afiizes or Presenting Term at which the Fine on such Townland is to be imposed in consequence of such Collufion or fraudulent Pradice, or at any subsequent Afiizes, and there to prove the Fact of such Collufion or fraudulent Pradice ; and the Court at Inch Afiizes or Prefenting Term, shall try, and such Court is hereby required to try the Fad or Fads so offered to be proved, in the fame manner as the Traverfe to any Presentment of a Grand Jury it or ought to be tried; and if the Fad of such Collufion or fraudulent Pradice shall be proved, such Court shall give Judgment for the Recovery of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds againff the Person so found guilty of the'fame, and shall Sentence the Person so guilty to the Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Person so proceeding for the Recovery of the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to order and direct that the Person so found guilty shall be forthwith committed to the Common Goal or House of Corredion of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and there imprisoned for the Space of Twelve Months, unless such Fine or Penalty shall he sooner paid or satisfied ; and such Person so found guilty shall be, and he is hereby rendered and declared incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever, Civil or Military, under Hi6 Majessy, his Heirs and Succeffors, or any Authority derived under His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatever other than a Revenue Officer shall leave in, or bring into, or place in any House or Place whatever within any Townland, any unlicensed Still or any Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling of Spirits, or any Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, or shall be guilty of any other Collufion or fraudulent Pradice whatever, whereby any Townland, or any House or Houses, or any Person or Persons in such Townland, shall or may be or become liable to the Payment of any Fine or Penalty whatever, under the said recited Ads and this Ad, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to he recovered and applied in such manner as is directed by the said recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year with respect to any Penalty or Sum of Fifty Pounds under the said recited Ad : Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cefs in such Townland to appear at the Aifize or Prefenting Term at which the Fine or Penalty on such Townland, House or Person is to be imposed in consequence of such Collufion or fraudulent Pradice, or at any subsequent Afiizes, and there to prove the Fad of such Collufion or fraudulent Pradice, and the Couit at such Afiizes or Prefenting Term shall try, and such Court is hereby required to try the Fad or Fads so offered to be proved in the fame manner as the Traverfe to any Prefentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to he tried, and if the Fad of such Collufion or fraudulent Pradice shall he proved, such Court shall give Judgment for the Re~ covery of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds against the Person so found guilty of the fame, shall Sentence the Person so guilty to the Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Person so proceeding for the Recovery of the fame ; and it shall he lawful

Uu 3	'	for

66l

How Inhabitants may proceed to recover such Finn.

Imprifonment.

Placing unlicenf-ed Stills,*or guilty of any trauduient Practice, whereby Townlands, 5re. liable to Fines.

Penalty.

Affiaes to grant Relief on Proof of Collufion.

66t	C.	148,149.	f53°	GEO,	III.	A.D.1813,

for the said Court to order and drreft that the Person so found guilty shall be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol or Home of Correction of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, Imprifbmnent. and there imprisoned for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, un» less such Fine or Penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

Information for	IX. And be it further enacted, That all Informations for any

Finei how tried. Offence, on account whereof any Townland shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under the said recited Afts and this Ad, which shall be delivered to the Clerk of The Crown, according to the Dire&ions of the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year, by any Juftice or Juilices before whom such Informations shall hare been laid and given respectively, shall by such Clerk of The Crown be laid before the Court on the First Day of every A(fize6 or Prefent-ing Term ; and all such Informations, and all Iflues and Traverks concerning such Informations, and for the Recovery of such Penalties, or for the proving or controverting of any Matter or Thing relating to such Informations or Penalties, shall be proceeded upon, and (hail be fully tried and determined by the Court at such Aflizes, before any Iffue in any Civil Caufe or private Aftion shall be proceeded upon, tried or determined, at any such Affizes or Prefenting Term respectively.

1 a Ann. Seat. a. €. IS.

36G.J. C.83.

Canon, Jac. u it03.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Aft for the further Support and Maintenance ’’of Stipendiary Curates.	[20th	July	1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Queen Anne, intituled An Ad for the better * Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for 4 preventing any Ecclejiajlical Persons from buying the next Avoidance 4 of any Church Preferment: And whereas another Aft passed in the r Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled « An Ad for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within 4 the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respecting 4 the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admifjton of Persons to * Cures augmented by Queen Anne’/ Bounty, with rejped to the Avoid• 4 ance of other Benefices : And whereas by a Canon or Ecclefiaftical * Conftitution made in the Year of our Lord One thousand fix hun-4 dred and three, in the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, « it was provided, that no Curate should be permitted to ferre in 4 any Place without Examination and Admiffion of the Bi(hop of the 4 Diocefe, or Ordinary of the Place having Epifcopal Jurildiction, € in Writing under his Hand and Seal, having respect to the Groat-4 nefs of the Cure and Meetnefs of the Party; and that the (aid * Curates and Minifters, if they remove from one Diocefe to another, 4 should not by any means be admitted to serve without Teftimony 4 of the Bi(hop of the Diocefe, or Ordinary of the Places as afore-4 said whence they came, in Writing, of their Honefty, Ability and * Conformity to tne Ecclefiaftical Laws of the Church of England; 4 and that none should serve more than One Church or Chapel upon * One Day, except that Chapel be a Member of the Pari(h Church, 4 or united thereto, and unfefs the said Church or Chapel where * such Minifter should serve in Two Places be not able in the Judg-4 ment of the Bi(hop or Ordinary as aforesaid to maintain a Curate: 13	4	And

A.D.i8i3»

53° GEO. III.

C.149.	«j

*	And whereat the Provifions of the said AQtn and Canon, and of the

*	Laws in force with respect to Curates, have been found inefficient,

*	and it it necessary that more effectual Provifion should be made to

*	fecure a competent Maintenance to Curates; in order to insure the

*	due aod regular Performance of the Service of the Church of

*	England in Parifties where Incumbents do not reside Be it therefore enacted by the King*s Mod Excellent Majeftyt by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the hune, That every Incumbent of or Person holding any Non-refident Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who !ncu:Tl!'ems does not or shall not duly reside thereon (unlefs such Person shall do CuwtcfcWPp0,nt the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or

Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Parfortage House or Vicarage House, or other usual House of Refidence belonging to the fame), and who shall, for the Period of Six Months after the passing of this Ad, or after his lndudion or Appointment, or after the Death or Removal of a former Curate, ncgled to nominate a proper Curate, to be licensed by the Bifiiop of the Diocefc or Ordinary of the Place having Epifcopal Jurifdidions, to serve his Church or Chapel, or who shall, for the Period of Three Months after the Death or Refignation of any Curate who has served his Church or Chapel, neglect to notify to the Bifiiop of the Diocefe such Death or Refignation, shall forfeit and lose all the Benefit of anj Difpenfation or Exemption from Refidence, or Licence for Non-rendence, and be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties for Penalty Non-refidente as if he had no such Difpenfation, Exemption from Refidence, or Licenfe for Non-refidence ; and in every case in which no Curate shall be nominated to the Bi(hop or Ordinary for the Purpose of being licensed by him within such Period as aforesaid, the Bifiiop or Ordinary is hereby authorized	licenfe	a

proper Curate, with such Salary as is by this _ _. .	d	directed,

to ierve the Church or Chapel of the Parifii or Place in respect of which such Negled or Default shall have occurred *11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bitoopstosp-Bifhop or Ordinary, and he is hereby required, subject to the feveral	ta

Provifions hereinafter contained, to appoint to every Curate so ura licensed, such sufficient Salary as is allowed and specified in this Aft; and every Inilrument of Licence to be granted as aforesaid shall contain and specify the Amount of the Salary allowed by the Bifiiop or Ordinary to the Curate, and such Licence, or any Copy of the Regiftry thereof made according to the Provifions of this Ad, duly "proved to be a true Copy, shall be Evidence of the Amount of the Salary so appointed to any Curate in all Courts of Law or Equity; and in case any Difference shall arise between any Redor or Vicar, or Perion holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and his Curate, touching such Stipend or Allowance, . or the Payment thereof, or of the Arrears thereof, the Bifiiop or Ordinary, on Complaint to him made, may and shall summarily hear and determine the fame; and in case of wilful Ncgled or Refufal to pay such Stipend, Salary or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof,

shall be and is hereby empowered to sequester the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, for and until Payment of such Stipend or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof \

tJ u 4

and

v^.

66a

C. 149*

S3 GEO. in.

A.D.iti3*

Curate* may bt di reeled to reside in Parfonage House in case of

and no such Licence shall be valid, or exempt any Incumbent, or Per-Ton holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, from any of the Penalties of this Ad*, or of any other Aft or Ads of Parliament, unless it shall contain and specify the Amount of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance to be paid to the Curate.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bifhop or Ordinary who shall grant any Licence to any Curate to serve any Church or Chapel, where the Redor or Vicar, or Perfoa Non*refidence of holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, h Incumbents. aot resident for Four Months in each Year, to ailot, if he shall tnink fit, for the Refidence of such Curate, the Parfonage or Vicange House, or usual House of Refidence of the Person holding the Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, if there shall be any such House of Refidence in the Parifli or Place, and the Offices and Gardens thereto belonging, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the time of such Curate's serving the Cure, or during the Non-refidencc of such Redor or Vicar or Person 5 and the Licence shall specify whether the Curate is required to reside within the Pari(h or Place or not; and if the Curate is permitted by the Bi(hop or Ordinary granting the Licence to reside out of the Pari(h or Place, the Grounds upon which the Curate is so permitted to reside out of the Parifh or Place, shall be specified in the said Licence; and the Diftanee of the Refidence of such Curate from any Church or Chapel which he shall be licensed to serve shall not exceed Five Statute Miles, except in cases of Necefilty to be approved by the Bi(hop or Ordinary, and specified in the Licence.

Bifhop may	IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Biffiopor

direct Curate to Ordinary shall have Power at any time, upon Three Months Notice, o^Pariona e * ^7 Writing under his Hand and Seal, to direct the said Curate to ° 85 ' deliver up the said Parfonage or Vicarage House or usual House of Refidence, and the Offices and Gardens thereto belonging, or any of them ; and the said Curate shall peaceably deliver up the rofieflioo of the said Premifes allotted to him ; and in case he shall refuse to do so, he shall forfeit or lose to the Redor or Vicar, all such Parts of his Stipend as shall then be unpaid or shall thereafter become doe, and alio the Sum of Fifty Pounds to such Redor or Vicar, aod which shall be recoverable in an Adion of Debt.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Redor or Vicar, or other Person holding any Dona* 0£ti°°rCr > Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in any case in which Bilhop! who may ^e Parfonage or Vicarage or usual Houle of Refidence of the Per* sequester Profit* (on holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall have been assigned to the Curate as a Refidence, to dispossess such Curate, or take Pofleffion thereof, without and until the Per-million of the Bi(hop or Ordinary shall have been given in Writing for that Purpofe ; and it shall be lawful for the Bimop or Ordinary assigning any such House or Refidence to any Curate, to sequester the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry to which the House shall belong, in any case in which Pof» session mall not be given up to the Curate, pursuant to any such Afiignment of Refidence, and until such Poffeffion shall be riven: Provided also, that if any such Curate shall refuse to give ud Poffcf* fioa of any such House, upon the Order of the Bifliop or Ordinary for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the Redor, Vicar or Perfon

bolding

Penalty.

Reoior,$cc. not to dilptiflefs

of Living until Potfefliou given.

66s

'A.D.1813.	53”	GEO. III.	0.133,134.

holding the Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry,. to which any such House shall belong, to apply to any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Riding, Province, City or Place, for a Warrant, for the taking Pofleflion thereof; and the Juftice of the Peace to whom any such Order of the Bifhop or Ordinary for such Pofleflion is produced shall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a Warrant for such Pofleflion, and Pofleflion may thereupon fee taken of such House under such Warrant at any time in the Day time, by entering the fame by Force, if necessary, without any other Proceeding, by Eje&ment or otherwise 5 any thing in any Aft or A6ts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Bifhop or Ordinary Licence*mi who shall grant or revoke any Licence to any Curate under this Aft R«*ocatiomfiI«4 shall and he i6 hereby required to cause a Copy of such Licence or Revocation to be entered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe within which the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof any such Licence shall be granted or Revocation made shall be locally situate, and an Alphabetical Lift of such Licences and Revocations shall be made out by the Regiftrar of each Diocefe, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Inlpeftion of all Persons, except as hereinafter excepted 5 and a Copy of every such Licence and Revocation, with respect to any Benefice, Donative,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be transmitted by the said Regiftrar to the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parifh,

Townftim or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of such Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the Parifh Cheft, except as hereinafter excepted ; and every Regiftrar who shall or refuse or neglect or omit to make any such Entry, or to transmit any such Copy, shall forfeit for every such Offence or Negleft the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as any Pcn4lty* Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under the said recited Afts :

Provided always, that iuch Regiftrar shall for every such Copy to be transmitted to such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens as aforesaid be entitled to a Fee of Ten Shillings and no more, and that such Fee shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, and no other Fee shall be taken by such Regiftrar in respect of the Execution of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That in every case in which any Salaries piyabk Person shall be instituted or indufted to any Benefice, or nominated *° Cuntes to bo or appointed to any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Cha-pchy, after the pafling of this Aft, and shall not duly reside thereon, unless such Person (haul do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or a Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Parfonage or Vicarage or other usual House of Refidence belonging to the lame, the Bifhop or Ordinary shall appoint for the Curate licensed to serve such Benefice, Donative,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of such Non-refident Incumbent or Person as aforesaid in his Abfence, such Salary, according to the Grofs Annual Value of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as is hereinafter next mentioned; that is tojay, such Salaiy (nail in no case be less than Eighty Pounds jter Annum, or than the laid Annual Value of the Benefice, Donative,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, if the said Value shall not amount to Eighty Pounds Per Annum ; and such Salary shall not be

left

CjOOQ le

666	C»i49*	530 GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

lefa, than One hundred Pounds per Annum, or than die whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred Pounds per Annum, in any Parifh or Place where the Population, according to the Returns then last made in pursuance of any Ad or Adis of Parliament, shall amount to or exceed Three hundred Per-ions; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, or the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred and twenty Pounds fer Annum in any Parifh or Place where the Population shall appear it aforesaid to amount to or exceed Five hundred Persons; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds her Annum or than the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value fcall not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum in any Parifh or Place where the Population (hill appear as aforesaid to amount to Provifo.	or exceed One thousand Persons : Provided always, that the annual

Value of all Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, of which the said Value, estimated as is herein provided, does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, Dull be estimated from the Returns made by the Bifhops of the fevwd Diocefes to the Governors of Queen Anne9s Bounty, in purfnanceoi an Address of the House of Lords, or from any future Return which may be made by the said Bifhops to the said Governors, refped* ing Parifhes or Places omitted in the said Returns, or refpedrug Parifhes or Places in the actual Income of which it shall be male appear to the said Bifhops that any confiderable Variation has taken place, either by Augmentations made by the said Governors or otherwise.

Where Curate’* VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Value of Bene	Ca^e *n	Bifhop	or	Ordinary shall appoint for such Curate

ficVit shall be" a Salary equal to the whole annual Value of such Benefice, Donative, liable to Charge* Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, stich Salary shall be fubjeA affecting it. to all such and the like Charges and Outgoings as may legally affect the Value of such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and to any Lofs or Diminution which may lessen such Value without the wilful Default or Negledl of such Incumbent. How Salary ad- IX. Provided always, That in every case when the Bilhop or juOed where	Ordinary shall find it necefiary or expedient, for the obtaining any

Curate is per-	proper Performance of Duties Ecclefiailical, to licence the Incurn-

in an awning bent or PerP*tual Curate of any Parifh or Place to serve as Curate Parilh;	of any adjoining or other Parifh or Place, it shall be lawful for fuck

Bifhop or Ordinary to appoint for such Incumbent or Perpetual Curate so licensed, a Salary less by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which in the several cases heir-inbefore mentioned the Bi(hop or Ordinary is respectively required by this A& to appoint 5 and in every case where the Bifhop or Ordinary shall find it necefiary or expedient as aforesaid to licence one and the fame Person to serve as Curate for Two adjoining or other Parifhes or Places, it shall be lawful for such Bifnop or Ordinary to direH that during such time as such Curate shall serve such Two Churches or Chapels, the Salary to be received by him for serving each of the said Churches or Chapels shall be less by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which » the several cases hereinbefore mentioned the Bifhop or Ordinary is Provifo.	required	by this Aft to appoint: Provided always, that so fuch

Salary

667

A»D.i8ij.	53° GEO. III.	C. 149.

Salary shall in any case be lefa than Fifty Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value of the said Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, which such Incumbent, Perpetual Curate or Curate, ihail be licensed to serve if the said Value shall not nmount to Fifty Pounds per Annum : Provided always, that no Incumbent, Perpetual Curate or Curate shall be licenled to serve as Curate in any Church or Chapel which is distant more than Five Statute Miles from any Church or Chapel already served by such Incumbent, Perpetual Curate or Curate, except in cases of Neceffity to be approved by the Biihop or Ordinary, and specified in the Licence.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Smaller Salaries case in which it shall be made out to the Satisfadion of the Bi(hop allowed to

or Ordinary of any Diocefe, that any Incumbent or Person holding c?ra,e*in cer-any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, is ta,n ca or has become non-re(ident or incapable of performing the Duties thereof from Age, Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cause, and that from these or from any other special and peculiar circumstances of the case great Hardfhip and Inconvenience would arise if the full Amount of Salary specified in this Ad should be allowed to the Curate, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such Bi(hop or Ordinary to afiign to the Curate' any such Salary, less than the said full Amount, as shall, under all the circumstances, appear to him just and reasonable : Provided always, that in the Licence granted in cvety such case it shall be dated that for special Reafons the Bi(hop or Ordinary hath not thought proper to afiign to the Curate the full Amount of Salary allowed or required to be assigned by this Ad: Provided also, that such fpedal Reafons shall be entered fully and at large in a separate Book, to be kept for that Purpose, and to be deposited in the Regiftry of the Diocefe, which Book shall not be open to Infpedion unless with the Leave of the Bi(hop or Ordinary, or by other proper Authority.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Biftop to allow lawful for the Bifhop or Ordinary, upon the Application of any Re&or,&c.t* Redor, Vicar or Person holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy dedu& from or Parochial Chapelry, the whole Profit or Income of which shall Curates Saliry have been allotted to the Curate, to allow such Redor, Vicar or i^itcdPAraount other Person, to dedud and retain therefrom in any or each Year in ccrtam<cafes. so much Money, not exceeding in any case One fourth Part of fuch

Profits or Income or of the Salary assigned to the Curate, as shall have been actually laid out and expended during the Year, in the Repair of the Parfonage, Vicarage or other House of Refidence, in respect of which such Redor, Vicar or Person aforesaid, or his Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, would be liable for Dilapidations to the Succeffor; and it shall also be lawful for the fiifhop x>r Ordinary in like manner to allow any Redor, Vicar or other Person aforesaid, having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the Profits or Income of which shall not exceed One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to dedud and retain from the Salary allotted to the Curate, in each or any Year, so much Money as shall have been actually laid out and expended in such Repairs as aforesaid, over and above the Amount ot the Surplus remaining of such Profits or Income, after Payment of the Salary allotted to the Curate, so as that

the

(68

C.I49*	S30GEO. III. A.D. 1813.	'	aj>.j8

the Sum so dednsted, after laying out such Surplus shall not in any Year exceed One fourth Part of the Salary allotted to the Curate. Curate to pay XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Taxet of I’trfon- case where the Bifhop or Ordinary shall appoint, for the Curate age House m licensed to serve any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Paro-•trtsra **■ chial Chapelry, a Salary not less than the whole gross annual Value of the fame, and shall, in addition to such Salary, direct that such Curate shall reside in the Parfonage or Vicarage House, or usual House of Refidence of the Person holding such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, such Curate shall be liable, during his serving such Cure, to the fame Taxes and Parochial Taxes in respect of such House, and the Appendages thereof, of which he may so be in Occupation, as if he had been instituted or inducted to the said Benefice, or nominated or appointed to the said Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry.

Where Benefice	XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any

V!?*** 4°°L #n	or Place where it shall appear to the Satisfadion of the

he madeto”1^	t^le	*&ual	annual	Income of such Benefice, Dona*

Curate of iocl.	Perpetual	Curacy	or Parochial Chapelry, clear of all De-

per Annum, Sec. dudions, exceeds the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum* it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to assign to the Curate of such Parifh or Place, being resident within the fame, and serving no other Cure, a Salary or Allowance of One hundred Pounds per Annum, *notwith-flanding the Population of such Parilh or Place may not appear at aforesaid to amount to Three hundred Persons; and that in any Parifh or Place where the actual annual Income shall appear as afore-said, and where the Population shall also appear as afore said to amount to or exceed Five hundred Persons, it shall be lawful for the Bifhop to afijgn to the Curate of such Parifh or Place, being resident within the fame, and serving no other Cure, any larger Stipend or Allowance, so that the fame shall not exceed by more than Fifty Pounds per Annum the Amount of the Stipend or Allowance hereinbefore respectively required to be assigned to such Curate.

Not to empower XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Bifhop* to affign^ [n this Ad contained shall authorize or empower any Bifhop or p S,Urith,wr Ordinary, to assign to any Curate of any Person holding any Benefice, Benefices before Oonative or Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, before the palling of Ad palling of this Ad, upon any such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual or of certain Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, held by such Person before the other Persons, pafling of this Ad, and on which such Person is or shall be Non-refident by Licence or Exemption, or to the Curate of any Person n holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who shall duly reside thereupon, or who shall himself do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence or a Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Parfonage or Vicarage House, or other usual House of Refidence belonging to the fame, any greater Stipend or Allowance for the Curate who shall be licensed to serve such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, than is allowed by the Statutes in force before the paifiiig of this Ad, unless with the Confent of the Person holding such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry.

Agreements	XV.	And be it further enacted, That all Agreements and Coo*

contrary to tracts made or to be.made between Persons holdiog Benefices, Donatives,

sHives, ]

is Frau<

I fed a a

I ad all i , tike, or j tsj Stip 1 tBowed tad Pur pleaded I aotwithl I Inch Cot a the ]

qwttano

th

entitled

Stipend,

hjmenl

Cofts of

br Sequ fed Cu toaflial Donativ faing 1 dal q *wi ic

m.

H af fennaf CWcb

any

Mbe

P*5b»

* a fesatk

S

*wfc

**« to He P;

S

"Jefi

1

k-I>.i813.	53°	GEO. IIL	C. 149.	669

latives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, and their Curates, Aft and to n Fraud or Derogation of the Provifions of this Adi, or of the 3^G. 3. c.8j. kid Ad of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, md all Agreements and Contradls whereby any Curate shall under-alee, or in any manner bind himself to accept or be content with my Stipend or Salary less than that which shall be dated to be illowed in any Licence of such Curate, shall be void to all Intents md Purpofes in the Law whatsoever, and shall not be fet up, pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity ; and not with (landing the Payment and Acceptance, in pursuance of atiy such Contradl or Agreement, of any Sum less than the Sum specified in the Licence of such Curate, or any Receipt, Difcharge or Acquittance, that may be given in cases of such Payment ana Acceptance, the Curate or his personal Reprefentatives, shall be and remain entitled to the full Amount of what shall remain unpaid of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance specified in his Licence; and the Payment of what shall so remain unpaid shall, together with Treble Treble Cofts. Cods of recovering the fame, be enforced by the Bi(hop or Ordinary by Sequeftration of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry ; provided that no Sequeftration shall, by virtue of this Adi, affect the Profits of any Benefice,

Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, beyond the time during which the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be held by the Person liable to make the Payments in respect of which such Profits shall be sequestered.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Licence or Licences NoLictncs shall, after the passing of this Adi, be granted, except in the case framed to fcrve hereinafter mentioned, to any Curate, to serve more than Two more than Two Churches in One Day, or Two Chapels, or One Church and One Chapel, in One Day ; and every Licence granted to any Curate for any greater Number of Churches or Chapels shall be wholly ▼oid and of no Effedl, both as to the Curate to whom the fame shall be granted, and as to the Incumbent or Person to whom the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Chapelry f shall belong:	f	8k.

Provided always, that where it shall appear to the Bi(hop or Ordinary of any Diocefe, in any case in which a Curate shall before the passing of this Adi have served more than Two Churches or Chapels, or in which, from the nature of the circumstances or the focal Situation of the Churches or Chapels, and the Value of the Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries to which they belong, and in which the Provifion of this Adt cannot be enforced as to the afiigning Salaries of Curates until the Death or Removal of the Persons holding such Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, that the granting Licences to any Curate to serve Three Churches or Chapels not being distant from each other more than Four measured Miles, is necessary to the obtaining any proper Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties in any Pirilh or Place, it shall be lawful for the Bi(hop in such cases to grant Licences to any Curate to serve Three such Churches or Chapels: Provided always, that in every such case the Reafons for Provifo. granting such Licences shall be dated by the Bi(hop in each of such Licences, and such Licence shall not be valid or eftedlual unless the Reafons for granting the fame are inserted therein as

afore-

L,ooq le

<7®	C. 149.	53°	GEO.	IIL	AJ).i8i3.

aforesaid: And provided also, that the Refidence of such Cunt? , /hall be so placed, that it shall not be neceffaiy for him to travel more than Fifteen Miles in One Day for the Performance of the Duties to be performed at such Three Churches or Chapels.

Curate fervingin XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Incumbent of Two or more Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parc. Incumbent inter- Curacies f or Parochial Chapelries, residing bona jidt in the diffe-changeably.what rent Proportions of each and every Year, upon the fame refocfinely, Salary to receive, shall employ a Curate from time to time upon such of the lame from t Sit. which he shall be absent during his own actual Refidence upon the other thereof, the Stipend or Salary to be assigned to such Curate shall not exceed a due Proportion oi an Annual Salary calculated ac-cording to the Provifions of this Ad, the Bifhop having regard to the Greatnefs of the Cure, and to the Proportion of the Year during which such Curate shall have done or shall be engaged to do the Duty of such Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries respectively.

Incumbent apply-	XVIII. And be it further enacted. That every Perfou holding

fag for Licence any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who shall apply to the Bifiiop or Ordinary of the Diocefe for any Licence for Non-residence, shall date in his Application what Salary he proposes to give to his Curate, and whether the Curate propofcf to reside or not to reside in the Parifii, and if resident, whether in the Parfonage House, and if not resident in the Pariih at what Dif-tauce therefrom, and at what Place, and whether such Curate fern any other Parifii as Curate or Incumbent, or has any other EccWif-tical Preferment, or holds any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or officiates in any other Church or Chapel, and shall also date the gross Value of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in respect of which he applies for a Licesct not to reside, and it shall not be lawful for the Bifiiop or Ordinary to grant any such Licence, unless the Application shall contain a Statement of the several Particulars aforesaid ; and all such Applications and Specifications shall be kept and filed by the Regiftraroftbc Diocefe in a separate Book, and preserved from public Infpe&ioa, and disclosed only in like manner and in such cases as is before direct as to the Copies of Licences wherein the full Salary allowed or required by this Ad is not granted to Curates.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That every Bifiiop or Orduary to whom any Application shall be made for any Licence, for a Curate to serve for any Person exempt by Law from Refidence in his Beue-applying for a”11 ^ce» Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall,before Licence for Non- he shall grant such Licence, require of the Person for whom fuel) residence. Curate is to serve, a Statement of all the Particulars by this Ad required to be dated by any Person applying for a Licence for Nob-refidence as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for any Bi/hop or Ordinary to grant a Licence to any Curate to serve the Church or Chapel of any Person exempt from Refidence, until a Statement of all (neb Particulars as aforesaid shall have been delivered to him, and such Statement shall be kept and filed, and preserved from public Infpedion, and disclosed only in like manner and in such cases as is before directed, as to Statements of Persons applying for Liceocti for Non-refidence.

XX.	Aud

for Non-relide me to date what Salary he proposes to give to Curate.

Statement of Particular! ne-ceflary to he

A.D. 1813-	53*.GEO. III. C. 149.	671

XX.	And be it enacted, That this Aft and the several Provi- Aa ta extend to fions herein contained shall extend, and be deemed and construed to Benefice*exempt extend, to all Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies and Paro-

chial Chapelries, exempt as well as not exempt, and to all Peculiars;	^

and it shall moreover be lawful for the Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens of any Parifli or Chapelry which* shall be exempt or subject to any peculiar Jurifdiction, from time to time to make Complaint to the Bifhop in whose Diocefe such Pari(h or Chapelry shall be locally situate, of Non-refidence of the Incumbent and the Want of due Provifion for the Cure, and, Proof being made of the Faft in such manner as the Bifhop or Ordinary shall direct, to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop or Ordinary, who is hereby empowered to ad-rainifter an Oath, if he shall think fit to require Proof upon Oath (and which Oath any Juftice of the Peace (nail also have power to administer), it shall be lawful for the said Bifhop or Ordinary' to proceed to the Augmentation of the Curate’s Salary, or Appointment of a Curate, under the Provifions of this Aft

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That where any Benefice, Do- Ecclefiaftical native, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be locally Jurifdiftion af-fituate within the Limits of more than one Province or Diocefe, certained.

or between the Limits of Two or more Diocefes, or any of them, the Archbifhop or Bifhop to the Cathedral Church of whole Province or Diocefe the Parifh Church thereof shall be nearest in local Situ» ation, shall have, use and exercise all the Authorities and Powers which such Archbifhop or Bifhop could or would have used or exercised if the fame Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Paro* chial Chapelry had been locally situate within his Province or Diocefe ; provided that the Peculiars belonging to any Archbifhop or Bishop, though locally situate in another Diocefe, shall continue subject to such Archbifhop or Bifhop to whom they belong, as well for the Purpofes of this Aft as for all other Purpofes of Ecclefiaf-tical Jurifdiftion in the Law whatsoever.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That no Commiffion issued by Commiffion to any Bifhop or Ordinary to any CommifTary or CommifTaries appointed administer Oaths to adoriinifter the Oaths required to be taken by any Curate for the not fohjeft to Purpofe of any Licence, (nail be subject to any Stamp Duty; any StaroP Duty-ihing contained in any Aft or Ads of Parliament to the contrary

not with Handing.

XXIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Provifo for lawful for every Archbifhop and Bishop, summarily and without Power* of Arch-formal Procefs or Suit, to use and exercise all and every the Powers Whop*

and Authorities, and to do all and every the Afts, Matters and Bishops. Things which such Archbifhop or Bifhop can use, exercise or do, under or by virtue of the Provifions of this Aft.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft Provifo lor contained fhail be deemed or taken to vary, prejudice, alter or affect. Power* of otherwise than is expressly provided, any Power, Right or Authority already yelled in any Bishop, touching Curates or their Salaries,

under or by virtue of any Statute, Canon, Ufage or otherwise how-foever.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Provifo for Cc-Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter lebration of the Provifions contained in any Aft of Parliament, or any other Pro- ^irmt Servict. ▼ifion of Law for the due Celebration of Divine Service in any

Church

Ireland

Auditor General of Account! of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal appointed.

Oath.

Treasury to grant Salary.

C. 149, 150.	53* GEO. nr.	A.D.18I	j.

Church or Chapel; or for the Difcharge of any other Duty of any Reftor or Vicar, or Person holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, by himself or his Curate.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Inland.

CAP. CL.

An Aft for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Accounts of Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal 1 for removing Delays in passing the Public Accounts •, and for making New Arrangements for conduft-the Bufinefs of the Audit Office.	[20th	July	1813,3

‘ TT T HE REAS it is expedient that Provifion should be made 4 W for the more effectual Examination in Spain and Portugal 4 of the Accounts of Public Expenditure in those Kingdoms Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant or Com mi (lion under His Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint One of the Commiflioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to be Auditor General of Accounts of the Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal\ which already has been or may hereafter be incurred ; who shall, upon receiving such Appointment, proceed forthwith to such Place in either of those Countries, as be may think fit, and shall execute that Office there during the Plea-fure of His Majesty, under the Direftions and Controul of the Commiflioners ot the Treasury; and such Auditor General shall have Authority to require all such Persons in Spain and Portugal as shall have received any Sum or Sums of Public Money by way of Jmprest, or in any other manner, or any Public Stores for which they shall be accountable, to render an Account of the fame to him, attested upon Oath, within a time to be by him limited, and to exhibit to him all such Books, Certificates, Warrants, Documents, Receipts and other Papers whatsoever, in the PoflTeffioa or Power of such Persons, as mall appear to be necessary for the Examination of the Accounts of such rublic Expenditure as afore* said ; and the laid Auditor General so to be appointed shall have Authority to examine upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby an* thorized to administer) all Accountants and all other Persons whom he shall think fit to examine touching the Receipt and Expenditure of Public Money or Stores in Spain and Portugal'9 and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for the doe Execution of the Powers to be veiled in him by virtue of his Appointment, and of this Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiffionert of the Treasury may grant to the said Auditor General such Salary or Allowance as shall be deemed by them to be a reasonable Remuneration for the Service to be performed by him, so long as be shall continue to hold the said Office of Auditor General.

4 III. And whereas it may be necessary or expedient that the 4 Accounts which shall have been examined by such Auditor Ge*

< neraly

s

<573

A.D.i8*3*	j3°GEO.	III.	C.150.

4 neral, or that any Accounts of Public Expenditure which have 4 been or hereafter may be examined by any Commiflaries of Ac-

*	counts, Public Boards, Officers or other Persons duly authorized 4 to examine such Accounts, should in all cases be again examined 4 by the Commissioners for auditing the Public AccountsBe it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Audit, in making up and pafling Public Accounts which have pre-vioufly undergone such Examination as aforesaid, whether the fame Accounts, according to the Courfe of their Proceedings, are dated to the Commissioners of the Treasury for Confideration, or prepared for Declaration in the firtl Indance, to allow or disallow without further Inveftigation, if the said Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts- (hail think proper, all Articles which shall have been allowed or disallowed upon such previous Examination.

•	IV. And whereas great Delay and Inconvenience with respect 4 to the making up and pafling of the Public Accounts have been 4 experienced by reason of certain Provifions of the Law which re-4 Quire that the Cominiflioners for auditing the Public Accounts 4 mould not give Allowance of any Article without a written 4 Voucher or other Evidence of actual PaymentBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts,' not with datiding any Law or Ufage to the contrary, to allow One or more Articles of Difcharge in any Public Account without the Produ&ion of any written Voucher or other Evidence of Payment, provided that the Articles so allowed be pointed out to the Attention of the Commissioners of the Treasury by a Note or Memorandum on the State of the Account, or by a Reprefentation thereof in the case of Accounts prepared by the Commissioners of Audit for Declaration without being previously dated, to the end that the Commissioners of the Treasury may require such Explanation of the Articles so allowed as they shall deem to be neccfiary, and shall have full Opportunity of considering the Propriety;of all such Allowances, and of confirming or refeinding the lame at their Pleasure: Provided always, that in every case in which such Articles allowed in any One Account shall exceed in the whole the Sum of One thousand Pounds, the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall, in a Minute of the Treasury, and also in the Warrant for preparing the Account for Declaration in all cases in which the Account mall have been dated to them by the Commissioners of Audit, specifically direct the Allowance of the said Articles, and if they shall deem it necessary, date their Reafons for allowing the fame.

*	V. And whereas confiderable Delay and Inconvenience have 4 been experienced in the passing of divers Public Amounts from 4 the Want of a diferetionary Power in the Commissioners for auditing 4 the Public Accounts to dispense in certain cases with the Produ&ion 4 of Stamped ReceiptsBe it therefore ena&cd, That it shall be lawful for the fame Commissioners, in the Examination of any Public Accounts, to admit and allow, in cases where it shall appear to them to be reasonable and expedient for the Public Service, of Receipts and Vouchers for any Monies expressed therein, although such Re* ceipts and Vouchers should not have been damped according to Law.

4 VT. And whereas in consequence of the Changes which have

•	already taken place, or may hereafter take pla£e in the Number oF

53 G*o. III.	X	x	f	the

Acre unts examined hy Auditor General, fcc. need net Le examined by Commilfionersof Public Accounts.

Commissioners of Public Accounts may.il* low Article; of Difcharge without written Voucher, on noting fame to Treasury.

Accounts passed although Receipts have not proper Sumps.

, Audit Office tr-ran^ed as Tres-fury UwiU diuft.

Rejiftm to make Schedules of Monies, Exchequer Bills, See. belonging to Suitors, and deliver tliemimo Bank.

C.150,151.	53*GEO. III.

€ the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts by Doth 4 or by the Appointment of one of them to be such Auditor General 4 as atoresaid, by virtue of this A&, it is expedient that (ome new 4 Arrangements should be made for conducing the Bufineb of the 4 Audit Office ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time by Warrant under their Hindi to direct such new Arrangement# rcfpe&ing the Condud of the Bufmefs in the Audit Office, and to constitute and appoint such One br more Board or Boards of the said Commissioners of Audit, and to assign to fiich Board or Boards respectively the Exercife of such Duties with refpedk to the Condud of the Bufinefs of the Office, and the Superintendance and Controul to be exercised over the Officers, Clerics and other Persons employed there, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem to be expedient.

CAP. CLI.

An A£i for regulating the Office of Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and High Court of Appeals for Prizes.

[20th July 1813.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient to make Provi(ions for securing 4 VV the Monies of Suitors in Prize Caufes depending in the 4 High Court of Admiralty, and the High Court of Appeal* for 4 Prizes:* May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembkd, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty and of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, his Deputy or Deputies, do, within Three Months after the Commencement of this Ad, make out and deliver, duly certified, to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, and to the Lords Commissioners of Appeals for Prizes, true and perfect Schedules of all Monies, Exchequer Bills, Stocks and other Securities, belonging to any of the Suitors of the said Courts, in his or their Hands, Cuftody or Power, specifying the Name of the Cause, Proceeding or Matter, in or on account of which such Monies have been paid, or such Exchequer Bills, Stocks and other Securities, have been purchased or transfemd, and do, within One Month after the Delivery of such Schedule*, pay, deltveT and transfer the whole of such Monies, Exchequer Bills, Stocks and Securities, to the Governor and Company of the Bauk of England, to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor ond Company, and to be entitled u The Account of the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty and High Court of Appeals for Prizes," inferring the Name of such Regiftrar for the time being; and all such Monies, Exchequer Bilk, Stocks and Securities so to be paid, delivered and transferred as aforesaid, shall be placed to the like Account; and at the time of such Pay-ment, Delivery and Transfer, the said Regiftrar or his Deputy (hill receive from the Bank a Certificate of the Transfer of such Stock, and a Receipt for such Monies, Exchequer Bills and Securities, and forthwith file such Certificate and Receipt in the High Court of Admiralty, and High Court of Appeals for Prizes.

2	II.	And

C.i5**

A.D.i8*3*	GEO.	HI;

«75

II.	And be it further enacted, That when toy Money shall Monieihweafter

hereafter be paid into the High Court of Admiralty, ot High	**

Court of Appeals for Prizes, on account of any Prize Suit de- n°ty™&Cm uk^* pending therein, the Regiftrar of such Courts, or his Deputy, t0 p^it,

shall forthwith pay the fame into the Bank to such Account as aforesaid, and shall take a Certificate from one of the Cafhiers of the Bank of his paying the fame, which Certificate shall be filed in the High Court of Admiralty, or High Court of Appeals for Prizes, as the case may be.

III.	And be it further enacted. That if the total Amount of the Wow Moneyre-Sums so authorized to be retained by the Regiftrar shall at any t*’nc<l h3\R^ time exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, the said Regiftrar when™ «xc««ds or his Deputy shall, within One Week after such Excefs happening, xo/sooU report the fame to the Judge of the said High Court of Admiralty,

who shall thereupon order such Part of the Monies’fo retained, at to him shall seem expedient, to be lodged in the Bank so as to reduce the Amount in the Regiftry to the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That when any Money shall there- Order for hi-after, by the High Court of Admiralty, or the High Court of verting Money ia Appeals for Prizes, be ordered to be in veiled in Government Securities,

the Species of the particular Securities in which the fame shall be cU^Spsdes. ***" dire6ted to be in vetted, shall be mentioned in the Order ; and the said Regiftrar or his Deputy shall forthwith invest the fame accordingly ; and in case any Part thereof shall consist of East India Bonds,

Exchequer Bills, Tallies or Orders, the fame shall be delivered in at the Bank, and placed to such Account of the Regiftrar# as before mentioned j ana if any of such Securities shall consist of Government . Stocks or Annuities, the fame shall be transferred to the said Regiftrar or his Deputy, who shall make a Declaration of Truft in the Books of the Bank, that the fame is subject to the Orders of the said High Court of Admiralty, or High Court of Appeals for Prizes, and shall take a Certificate thereof from the proper Officer at the Bank, and likewise enter the fame in his Book at the Bank, that the Bank may receive the Dividends thereupon ; and the said Regiftrar shall from time to time make a Report of all such Securities to the (aid Court of Admiralty, or Court of Appeals for Prizes, specifying the Dates and Numbers of such Bonds, Tallies and Orders, ana Quantities of Stock, and of the time of the Transfer of such Stock to him, of which a clear and proper Entry shall he kept, in such manner as the Judge of the said Court of Admiralty shall diredfc.

V.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That J°

from and after such Payment, Delivery and Transfer, the Bank shall Ex^hequw^BiS receive all Intereft due upon such Exchequer Bills and other *c. ^ Securities, as likewise the Dividends of all such Stocks in the Company's Books transferred to the said Account; and the said Regiftrar shall, for that Purpose, by a proper Authority in Writing, empower one of the Cafhiers of the Bank to receive the fame, and from time to time such Intereft. of Money and Dividends on Stock shall to be placed the said Regiftrar's Credit in the (aid Account.

VI.	And be it further eoacted, That when any Securities depofitfd Whsn^curWss or to be depoiited at the Bank shall be directed by Order of t||e

Court to be delivered out, an Order or Decree shall be made, under ^ *sgned by • the Dire&ion of the Court, of the Securities to be delivered out, th« Repfcu.

X x 2	together

When Stock transferred to Suitors, Pro&or to certify to Re-fiftrar what Stock trao»-ferred, dec.

Certificate fuf-dkrient for Registrar to transfer.

How Money said to Suiters.

Judge of Admiralty Court to make further Orders and Regulations as neceffarr.

Prorifo for cea* uin Money

together with the Number*, Date* and Sum*, and the None of the Caufe or Matter wherein the fame are to be delivered out; which Order or Decree shall be signed by the said Regillrar or his Deputy, and pass under the usual Seal of tne Court in which the Caufe is de-pending, and the fame shall be a proper Authority to the Bank to deliver over such Securities, and enter the Delivery thereof in the Regillrar’s Account.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Stock in any of the Company's Books shall be ordered ts be transferred to any of the Suitors of the said Court of Admiralty, or Court of Appeals for Prizes, the Pro&or shall certify onder hit Hand to the Regillrar or his Deputy, what Stock he is by such Order to transfer, and to whom; which Certificate the said f rofior concerned shall carry to the Regillrar, who shall by himself or Deputy, within One Week, or at the next opening of the respective Company’s Books, attend and deliver such Certificate to the proper Officer of such Company, and transfer such &tock, or give fuffiaeot Authority to tome other Person so to do.

VIII.	And it is hereby enacted, That such Certificate IhaD be an Authority to the respective Companies to permit the laid Re-giftrar, or other Persons by him lawfully authorized, to transfer such Stocks; of which Transfer the said Regillrar or his Deputy is to make his Report, and file the fame in the proper Court; and the Transfer of such. Stock shall be certified by the Regillrar or his Deputy, to the Bank, in order that such Stock may be dif charged out of the Account of the said Regillrar in his Book there.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That when any Money beloogur to the Suitors of either of the said Courts, received bv the Bank pursuant to the Dire&ions of this A&, shall be dire&ea to be paid by Order of either of the said Courts, the Pro&or concerned shall certify under his Hand to the said Regillrar or his Deputy, whit Sum he is by such Order to pay* and to whom ; and on the feme being filed, the said Regillrar or his Deputy shall, by Note under his Hand, draw on the Bank for so much Money as shall be directed to be paid, upon Checque Paper, fairly written and signed by the Regillrar or his Deputy, which Note shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Note, or to such Person as he, (he or they, by Indorfement, shall order to receive the fame, as likewise to write off the lame from such Regifbar’s Account: And, for the better and more effe&oally carrying this A& into Execution, the Judge for the time being of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Lords Comraiflbnen of Appeals for Prizes, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to make all such further Orders and Regulations in Writing, to be signed by them, as they shall deem necessary and proper for effe&uating all or any of the Purpofes hereinbefore exprefied: Provided always, that when any such Orders shall be made, fuck Regillrar shall cause a true Copy thereof, signed by him, to be transmitted to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, who, after receiving fuen Orders, shall cause the liuae to be observed in the feme manner as if such Orders had origiully formed a Part of or been contained in this A&.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in tbii A & contained shall extend or be conilrued to extend to any Moans

or

A*D«i9i

530 GEO. m.

C 151, 15a.

*77

or Securitiefc for Monies, paid or to be paid into'the High Court of Admiralty of England\ in the Inftance Jurifdi&ioo thereof.

XI* Provided also, That the Regulations of this A& shall not extend nor be construed to extend to any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, paid or to be paid into either of the afofefaid Courts of Admiralty or Appeals in any Prize Suit; but all such Sums shall be allowed to remain in the Hands of the fald Regiltrar or his Deputy, to answer the current Bufinefs of the (aid Office; provided the whole Amount of such Sum do not exceed Ten thoufand1 Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons /hall, from and after the Period of Three Months after the Com* mencement of this Ad, forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand of the said Regiftrar for the time being of the High Court of Admiralty or High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or nis Deputy, or any of the Cafhlers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to any Certificate, Entry, Indorfement, Declaration of Trust, Note, Direction, Authority, Inftrument or Writing whatever, for or in order to the receiving or qbtaining any of the Money or EfFeds of any of the Suitors of the fjiid Courts, or either of them, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be foiged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Certificate, Entry, Indorfement, Declaration of Trust, Note, Diredlion, Authority, Inftrument or Writing, made by such Regiftraj or his Deputy, or any of the Cafhiersof the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Person whatfoevet, then every such Person and Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted ) shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Provifions or Regulations of this Ad shall commence at or take Effed until after the Expiration of the Intereft now veiled in the present Regiflrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and the High Court of Appeal for Prizes 5 any thing hereiu contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

paid into Court of Admiralty :

And forSumt not exceeding 200L paid into Courts of Admiralty ur Appeak.

Forging Nam* ofRegiftrar,**.

Felony.

CovnmencMBeif

of Ad.

CAP. CLII.

An Aft to continue until the First Day of January One thonfand eight hundred and nineteen, an Aft made in the Fifty first Tear of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting theExpences of Hufting3 and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of IVeJImwJbr.

[20th July 1813.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned bath by Ex-4 VV perience been, found useful and beneficial, and is near ex-4 piring ; and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be con-4 tinued Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft ’Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords C0Btimi#* Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament

X x 3	affembled.

^^3‘C.ua

Additional Annuities grant*! to Judges on Re-Agnation of O&cm.

C. 15^1153.	530 GEO. III.	A.D.i8i$.

assembled, and by the Authority of the feme. That an Ad made in the Fifty first Year of His prefeot Majefty’* Reign, intituled An AA to extend an AS made in the Eighteenth Tear of Hie late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the E US tons of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, receding the Extences of Hufings and Poll Clerks, so for as regardi tf>e City of Westminster 5 shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred an4 nineteen.	'	•	*

GAP. CUD.

An A & to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, on their Refignation of their Offices.	[aoth	July	1813.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Adpafied in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An AS for the 4 Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Weft-I minder Hall, and also of the Lords of Se/fion* Lords Commiftoncri 4 of Jujliciary and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and for «• * ailing His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices is * the said Courts of West minder Hall on their Refignation of their € respective Offices : And whereas it is expedient that further Prorifiod • should be made for such Persons as have held the Offices of Chief 4 Juftice of the Court of King's Bench, of Mafter of the Rolls, of • Chief Juftice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron * of the Exchequer, and the Juftices'of the Court of King's Bench * and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer rvfpe&ively, 4 iu the Event of their quitting the said OfficesWe, your "Majefty's' mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament afTembled, do mod humbly beseech You:1 Majesty that it may He enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament. afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thaf it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Juftice of the Court of King's Bench, Mafter of the Rolls, Chief Juftice &f the Common pleas, or Chief Baron of th* Exchequer respectively, and who shall respectively have resigned the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds ; and to any Perfdn who may or ftiall hare executed the Office of Puifne Judge of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or of Baron of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, and:who shall have resigned the fame, an Annuity or

Pimy ^ Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred ouqds*. which said feveraj and respective Annuities shall be in Addition to and in Augmentation o{ the respective, Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to be given and granted to such Persons re* fpedively, under the ProvSons of the said recited Ad of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, and in like manner to commence from •ad after the Period twheq the Person tq whom any such Annuity

.........................................	,	•	n

A«D*1813*

530 GEO. III.	C.	1	S3,154.	679

or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall hare resigned his said Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the fame shall be granted as aforesaid ; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be ifTued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund, next in order of Payment to and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former A6t or A&s of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with like Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Several Annuities and Annuitit* free

yearly Sums of Money shall from time to time from the granting J**w^e*-thereof be payable and paid Quarterly free and clear from all Taxes t**.	*

and Dedu&ions whatsoever, except the Duty charged by an A£t

palled in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 46 0.3. c.65, intituled An A8 for granting to His Majesty during the present War% and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace% further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property , Prosessions, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing an A8 paffied in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an A8 made in the Forty third Tear of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property9 Profeffions^ Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effiedual the Provifions for colliding the said Dutiesx by even and equal Portions at the like Periods, and together with and in the fame manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the said recited A& and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions (as far as the fame are applicable), as are contained and prescribed in the said recited Adi ir^ relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted.

III.	And be it further enadfced* That the said recited Adi, and all PrwHknw of Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein, contained (fo far as the fame are applicable and are not hereby *** altered), mall be in force and be applied to <;arry into Effeft the furpoles of this AdU

#	TT7KERENS since the Eftablifhment of the Militia of Ireland*

•	YV certain yearly Penfions have from time to time been paid

•	under the Dire&ion of the Governors of the Royal Hofpital at

*	Ktlmainham to Non Commiffioned Officers and Privates who had 4 served in the said Militia and had been discharged therefrom, but

*	who, according to the Term* ofahe. several Adtg of Parliament

*	made in that Behalf refpcdtivcly, were.not by Law entitled to re-4 ceive the fame : And whereas tbfc laid Payments have been made 4.bona fide under an Opinion that, the fame were, warranted and

CAP. CLIV.

An Aft to render valid, and to authorize the Payment and granting of certain Penfions at Ktlmainham Hofpital, and to. empower the Commissioners of the said Hofpital tq com* mute Penfions fox a Sum of Money in certain Cafes.

[2Qth July 1813.}'

4 required.

68o	C. 154.	'	53”	GEO.	HI.	JLD.U13

4 required by Law, and the several Persons who haw so veoeM

•	fuch yearly Penfions having been led thereby to expect and rdf 4 on the Continuance thereof respectively at a Provifiou for Life,

*	have become chiefly, if not entirely dependent thereon for their I 4 future Support $ it is therefore expedient that the Payment of the

4 said Penfions should be confirmed and continued ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ad Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Payment and Payments which fkm ^med h an or may have he*n made at any time before the passing of this Afi, by otwonior v«)id. or u°der the Dhrcdion or Authority of the said oovernors, orrf any Committee or Committees thereof, or of any One or more of the said Governors authorized, empowered or appointed to ad for or 00 behalf of the whole, to any Person or Persons who had terved in the Irtfb Militia, as or for a Penfion or Provifion for or in refpedoffacb Service, shall be and be deemed and taken to be good, valid mi lawful, and shall be allowed and credited as such to the Person or Persons making the fame ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Pirfe-ment in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwkh* Handing.

p«nfjonito	ii.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of

iwnfornttL*11 this Ad, every Person who shall have served in and been dtfeharged on	from the Irifb Militia, and to whom any such Penfion shall have beet

ordered or awarded at any time before the paifing of this Ad, for or in respect of such Service, by the said Governors, and who ha not in any manner forfeited the fame, shall continue to receive and shall be entitled to receive the fame from time to time, for such Tern and in such manner and under and subject to such and the fine Terms, Conditions, Limitations and Reftri&ions as if the Order, Refolution or Ad of the said Governors, or of any Committee or Committees thereof, or of any One or more of the said Gomom authorized, empowered or appointed to ad for or on behalf of the whole, whereby any such Penfion was ordered or awarded to ha respectively, had at the time of making such Order, Refoludoa or Ad been fully warranted by Law; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

51	&5.C.X18.	« HI. And whereas by an Ad pa (Ted in the Fifty first Year of

$	4 His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AQ to permit the Inter*

4 change of the Englifh and Irifh Militiai reJbeSivefy, it is, amoogft 4 other things, provided that all Non Commiffioned Officer!,

4 Drummers and Private Men, of the (aid Militias, whose Semes 4 should become extended to all Parts of the United Kingdom by 4 virtue of the said Ad, who fhouid be disabled in actual Service, Infte&d of Chel- 4 should be entitled to the Benefit of Cbelfea Hofpital; but the ^ofP*t4,»	4 Royal Hofpital of Kilmainbam is not mentioned therein ;* For

Remedy whereof, be it enacted. That all Non Commiffioned Officer* land enthledVo ^dimmers and Private Men of such Force who shall be so difahkd is Kilmainbam.	Ireland,	(hall be entitled to the Benefit of the Royal Hofpital st

S a G. 3. c.109. Kilmainbam instead of Cbelfea HofpitaL

4 IV. And whereas an Ad was palled in the Fifty second Year of 4 Hit present Majefty's Reign, to empower the Commiffioeers of 4 Cbelfea Hofpital to commute Penfions for a Sum of Money is 4 certain cates therein mentioned % and it is expedient that a fimilar

4 Power

t^-ooQie

€8t

A.D.iS)J.	53°GEO.ilI.»	C. 154,155.

L Fow should be granted to the Commissioners of the Royal Hof* * pital at Ki/mainbam Be it therefore enacted, That it (halt and may fc»e lawful for the Commissioners of the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainbam to give to any Soldier not a Native of the United Kingdom who may tsave been or may be discharged, and may be entitled to any Out Pen* Cion or Allowance from the Royal Hofpital a Kilmainbam by reason of Service, or having become invalid or disabled, and who shall be desirous of redding out of Ireland$ and who may be recommended for that Purpose, by any Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be signified to the said Commissioners by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in his Abfence by the Under Secretary for the Military Department, such Sum of Money in gross, in lieu of and for the Purchafe of such Annual Penfion or Allowance as may be directed by such Order in that Behalf; any thing contained in any former Adi or Ads of Parliament to the contrary not with (landing.

V. And be it further, enacted, That the Money to be paid as aforesaid to any such Person as an Equivalent for the Pen(ion or Allowance to which he is entitled, shall be paid out of any Money voted for or applicable to the Payment of Penfions or Allowances to discharged Soldiers under the Management of the Commissioners of the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainbam ; and the Receipt of the Person receiving such Equivalent shall be a full Difcharge for the laid Commissioners for the said Sum or Sums of Money so paid by them as aforesaid, and shall also be a Difcharge by the Person giving focb Receipt of all Claims to any future Payment of the said Pen* £on or Allowance : Provided always, that no such Receipt shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

CAP. CLV.

An Aft for continuing in the East India Company, for 4 further Term, the Poffeffion of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for efla-blifhing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Adminiftration of Juftice within the lame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter.

[21ft July 1813.]

•	TXT HE REAS by an Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain%

•	W passed in the .Thirtv third Year of His present Majcfty’s

•	Reign, for continuing in the Eqfi India Company, for a further

•	Term, the Poffeffion of the British Territories in India, together

•	with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations, and for

•	other Purpofes 5 the Poffeffion and Government of the British 4 Territories in India, together with an exclusive Trade in, to and

•	from the East Indiet, and other the Limits described in an A ft

•	made in die Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, or 1 ins certain Charter of the Fifth Dayof September, in the Tenth Year

•	of the fame King, were continued in the United Company of Mer-4 chants of England trading to the East Indies, for a Term thereby « limited, tinder certain Regulations and Conditions: And whereat < by an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, palled in the lame Thirty

4 third

Persons entitled to BeneSt of ' Kilraainham Hofpital desirous of refidinr out of Ireland may receive a Commutation for Penfions.

Equivalent for Penfion paid out t.f Money voted for Soldiers Penfions.

Stamp Duty.

33 0-3-

9	St 10 W. 3. c-44- §61.

Charter, 5 Sept.

10	W. 3.

33 C. 3 (!•)

*•3*.

«8a

C.155.	53°GE0.1IL	A.D.1813.

*	third Year of His present Majesty*® Reign, for regulating the Trade 4 of Ireland, to and from the Eafi Indies, under certain Conditions

*	and Provisions, for a time therein mentioned, the exclusive Privilege

*	granted to the said United Company by the said Ad of the Par.

*	liament of Great Britain were confirmed, subject to certain Condi-

33 G-3» «• 5»*	4 tions and Reftriftions: And whereas it is expedient that the Ter-

4 ritoriai Acquifitions mentioned in the said Aft of the Parliament

*	of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty,

*	together with such other Territorial Acquifitions on the Condom

*	of Afia, or in any I Hands situate to the North of the Equator, as ‘ are now in the Pofleflion and under the Government of the said 4 United Company, with the Revenues thereof, should, without Pre-4 judice to the undoubted Sovereignty of The Crown of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in and over the fame, or to 4 any Claim of the said United Company to any Rights, Franchifes

*	or Immunities, remain in the Pofleflion and under the Gorernment r of the said United Company for a further Term ; subject to such 4 Powers and Authorities for the Superin tendance, Dire&ion and

*	Controul over all Afts, Operations and Concerns, which relate to 4 the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Ter-4 ritories, and to such further or other Powers, Authorities, Rules, 4 Regulations and Reftriftions, as have been already made or prodded 4 by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in that Behalf, or are made and

’	4 provided by this Aft s And whereas it is expedient that, from and

4 after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 4 fourteen, the Right of tracting, trafficking and adventuring, ia, to 4 and from all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Uoited 4 Company’j present Charter, save and except the Dominions of the 4 Emperor of China, should be open to all His Majefty’s Subjoin 4 common with the said United Company, subject to certain ReguU-4 tions and Provisions; but that the existing Reftraints refpe&ingthe 4 Commercial Intercourse with China should be continued, and the 4 exclusive Trade in Tea preferred to the said Company, during the

*	further' Term hereby limitedMay it therefore gleafc Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eoafted by tne King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parfa-

Fonner territo- ihent assembled, Sind by the Authority of the fame, That the Terri-rial Acquifitions torial Acquifitions mentioned ip the said Aft of the Parliament of l^e Acquifition* Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, on Continent of together whh such of the Tem to rial Acquifitions fipet obtaiped upon Afia. or in any	the Continent of Afia% or in any Iflands fitupte to {he No^th of the

fl^nd North of	Equator, as are now in the Ppfleffion of and uqder the Government

he Equator, to cf thc said United Company, with the Revenues thereof refpeftirely, continue in	an(j continue in the Pofleflion and upder the Go^nnnpit

EalUndii Com- of the kid United Company, subject to such Powers ^nd Authorities pjny.for further for the Superintendance, Direftion and Controul oyer all Ads, Ope-Term.	rations and Concerns which relate to the Civil or Military Gptefy«

ment or Revenues of the said Territories, and to such further other Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reflridioni, at have been already-made or provided by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in that Behalf, or are made and provided by this Aft, for a further 'ferm, to be computed from the said Tenth Day of April One;

\

kJ).i8i3*	53*GEO. HI.	C.155.	683

hern land eight hundred and fourteen, until the fame shall be deter* oined by virtue of the Provifo hereinafter contained.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the foie and exdufive Right Exdufive Trad# >f tracting, trafficking and using the Bufinefs of Merchandize in, to China, and ind from the Dominions of the Emperor of China, and the whole, Trade '"JL*"’ 'ole and exdufive Right of trading and trafficking in Tea, in, to and n^^eajed# by from all Istands, Ports, Havens, Coafts, Cities; Towns and Places, w repugnant to between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, in Ad; continued Tuch manner as the fame Rights now are or lawfully may be exercised during further or enjoyed by the said United Company, by virtue of any Ad or Term. Charter now in force, but not further or otherwise; and all and singular the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges, Franchises,

Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies,

Methods of Suit, Penalties, Forfeitures, Difabilities, Provisions,

Matters and Things whatsoever, granted to or vetted in the faid

Company by the said Ads of the Thirty third Year of Hi3 present 33 C.3. 0.5a.

Majesty or either of them, for and during the Term limited by the 33 ^.3.(1.)

said Ad of the Parliament of Great Britain, and all other the Enad- c* 3*-

xnents, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in the said Ads of

the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, or in any other Ad

or Ads whatsoever, which are limited, or may be construed to be

limited, to continue for and during the Term granted to the faid

Company by the said Ad of the Parliament of Great Britain of

the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame or.

any of them are in force, and not repealed by or repugnant to this Ad,

shall continue and be in force during the further Term hereby granted to the said Company; subject to such Alterations therein as may be made by any of the Enadments, Provisions, Matters and Things in this Ad contained.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That at any time On Expiration upon Three' Years* Notice to be given by Parliament after the f hre5 Xfar*' Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, and u.mcntany " upon Payment made to the laid United Company, of any Sum or ,jme ^er Sums cf Money, which according to the Provifions of a certain Ad April 1831, and of the Thirty third of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled lament of jin A8 for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the J™. is due from Management of the Goisernor and Company of the Bank of England, MnyjVerm^imd and ingrafting the fame on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced exdufive Trade" Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four millions two hundred to craft. thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company ; and 33 G-3* c-47-for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further 8 7*

Inertafe of their Capital Stock, to he applied in Difcharge of certain

Debts of the said Company, shall, or may, upon the Expiration of the laid Three Years, become payable to the said Company, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Ad, then and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, the said Term hereby granted to the laid United Company, and all Right, Title and Iutereft of the said United Company, to or in any exdufive Trade continued to the said Company under the Provifions of this Ad, shall cease and determine.

IV.	Provided also. That nothing in the said Provifo lad herein-’ Not ro determine before contained, or in any Provifo in the said Ad of the Ninth Year Corporation ot of King William the Third, or in'the said Charter of the Fifth Day C«n»pjny,°r of September in the Tenth Year of His Reign, or in any other Ad in*cwu«oii pr Charter, contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to de- with other*.

K J	^	...	termine

<84 C.

g3* GEO. IIL	AJD.1813.

9*10. W.j c.44.

Notice hy Speaker deemed • due Notice by Parliament,

Any of Hit

Majesty** Subject after 10th April 1814 may trade to and from the United Kmpdnm, from and to Ports aud Places within Company’s pre-fcnt Limits, except China ; in Ships navigated according to Law.

1* Car.*, c x?.

§4.

IXS*

Not to prevent Importation of Goods, tba Pro* duct of any

termine the Corporation of the said United Company, or to hinder, prevent or preclude the said Company or their SuccefTors, from carrying on at all times after such Determination of their exclusive Trade as aforesaid, a Free Trade, in, to and from the Eajt Indies* and Limits in the said last mentioned Ad or Charter contained, with all or any Part of their Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchandizes, Eftatcs and Effe&e, in common with other the Subjeds of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, trading to, in and from the said Parts or Limits.

V.	And be it further enacted, That any Notice in Writing, fignifled by the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, by order of the said House, shall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all the Ends, la-tents and Purposes, for which any Notice is by this Ad directed to be given to the said United Company.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subjeds, in Common with the said United Company, to export in Ships navigated according to Law, from any Port or Ports within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to all Ports and Places within the Limits hereinbefore referred to ; save and except the Dominions of the Em* peror of China; any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which can now, or may at any time or times hereafter be legally exported ; and also, in common with the said Company, to import in Ships navigated as aforesaid, from any Port or Ports within the Limits aforesaid, save and except as aforesaid, into the said United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produd or Manufadure of any of the Countries within the said Limits, which can now or may at any time or times hereafter, be legally imported; subject nevertheless to the several Reftridions, Conditions and Limitations, in this Ad contained.

4 VII. And whereas by a certain Ad passed in the Twelfth Year

*	of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for

*	couraging and increajtng of Shipping and Navigation, it is eoadri,

4 That no Goods or Commodities, that are of Foreign Growth, Pro-4 dudion or Manufacture, and which are to be brought into England 4 Ireland, Wales, the Iflands of Guernsey ar.d Jerfey9 or Town of 4 Berwick vpon Tweed, in Englijh built Snipping or other Shipping 4 belonging to some of the aforesaid Places, and navigated by EnA§

4 Mariners, as in the said Ad mentioned, shall be shipped or brought 4 from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from 4 those ot the said Growth, Produdion or Manufacture, er from thole 4 Ports where the said Goods and Commodities can only be or are or 4 usually have been first shipped for Tranfportation, and from none ‘ other Places or Countries; Provided that the said Ad or any thing 4 therein contained Ihould not extend or be meant to restrain tbs 4 importing of any Eqft India Commodities, loaden in EurRfih-built 4 Shipping, and whereof the Mafter and Three fourths of the Ma-4 riners at least are English, from the usual Place or Places of lading 4 of them in any Part of those Seas to the Southward and Eaftwazd 4 of Cabo Bona Speranza9 although the said Porta be not the very 4 Places of their Growth5’ Be it cnaded. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Subjeds, in Ships navigated according to Law, to import, under the Authority of tbia Ad, into the laid

United

•A.D.iSij.	530GEO.	III.	C.i55.	685

Ignited Kingdom, from all Ports and Placet within the Limits of Placet trMihi

the said Company's Charter; save and except the Dominions of the ^«ter, except

Emperor of China ; any Goods, Wares or Merchandize the Produft Places**

or Manufafture of any Country within the Limits of the said Com- wicharter

pany's Charter, except Tea, although such Goods, Wares or Mer- except China. *

chandize may not be of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the

Place or Country from which the fame shall have been shipped or

brought, or have been shipped or brought from the Port where fuch

Goods or Commodities can only be, or are, or usually have been, firft

shipped for Tranfportation, nor the usual Place for lading the fame; the

said Aft or any other Matter or Thing to the contraiw not with (landing.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (hall

not be lawful for any Person or Persons, save only the said United None but Com-Company or such as shall obtain their special Leave and Licence in licence to trade Writing, or a special Leave and Licence in Writing under their \aTej 1 Authority, for that Purpose, to ship, carry or put on board any ship in the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits aforesaid, or to import into the said United Kingdom from any Port or Place whatsoever, any Tea 5 any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithflandibg.

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall not Nor export be lawful for any Person or Persons to carry any Military Stores to Military Stores any Place upon the Continent of AJia, between the River Indus and to cwtainPlace. the Town of Malacca on the Peninfula of Malacca inclusive, or in

any Ifland under the Government of the said Company situate to the North of the Equator, or to the said Company's Faftory of Bencoolcn in the Ifland of Sumatra or its Dependencies; save only the said United Company, or such as shall obtain their special Leave and Licence in Writing, or a Special Leave and Licence in Writing under their Authority, for that Purpofe.

X.	Provided also, That it shall not be lawful for any private Ship* in private

Person or Persons to export any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to Tnde to clear any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, out	1

except in some Ship or Ships to be cleared out from some Port or S‘>rt !n U.nile7 Ports of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to a)l Goods im-import any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any Port or Place |>orted in private within the Limits aforesaid, except only into such Ports of the said Trjde brought United Kingdom as shall be provided with Warehouses, together xo f?mf£ortJn with Wet Docks or Bafins, or such other Securities as shall m the k-mi nhlw Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Lords Commif- been declared fit fioners of the Treasury foi* the time being, or any Three or more of by Order in them in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, be fit1 and proper Council.

for the Depofit and safe Cuflody of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as well as for the Colleftion of all Duties payable thereon, and shall have been duly declared so to be by the Order of His Majesty in Council in Great Britain, or by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council in Ireland: Provided always, that Copies of all such Orders in Council to be ifiued as aforesaid, shall have been published Three times at least in the London or Dublin Gazette, as the case may be ; and Copies of all such Orders shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, in the Seflion next after the tffuing of the fame respectively.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Ships in prints Veffel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this Aft, Trade noc tog*

13	(hall	within c#rt,i*

686

C.tss-

53° GEO. HI;

AJD.1813.

Limits, without Licence from Dire&ors;

Nor to sny Places except principal Settle* ments without Special Licence. Dire&ors to give Licences for principal Settlements.

Special Licences for Continent of Alia, between the Indus and Malacca, or liUnds North of the Equator or Bemoolen, to be at Difcretion of Dire&ors, fuh-je& to Controul of Board of Com-mitlioners, who •re to record their Keaions.

1.1icences for other Places more North than 11 Deg. South Lut. and between 64 and 150 Deg. East Long, granted by Board ot\ ontroul, who are to frame Rules for fame ; and in Cafes not falling within Rules, Special cuxumftinces

shall proceed to any Place within the Limits of the (aid Company’s Charter situate on the Continent of	from	the	River Indus

to the said Town of Malacca indufive, or in any Ifland under the Government of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, or to the (aid Company’s Fa&ory of Bencoolcn or its Dependencies, without a Licence to be granted for that Purpofe from the Court of Dire&ors of the said United Company ; and that no such Ship or Veflel, uolefa fpecialJy authorized as hereinafter mentioned, shall proceed to any Port or Place within the Limits la ft mentioned, except to some or one of the principal Settlements of Fort WUBam9 Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wales Ifland : And when and as often as any Application shall be made to the said Court of Dire&ors for a Licence on Behalf of any such Ship or Veflel about to proceed from the said United Kingdom to any of the (aid Company's principal Settlements, the said Company shall and they are hereby required forthwith to issue their Licence for that Purpose, according to such Form as shall hereafter be fettled by the (aid Court of Dire&ors, with the Approbation of the Board of Com-mifiioners for the Affairs of India : And when and as often as any Application shall be made to the said Court of Dire&ors for a Licence specially authorizing any such Ship or Veflel to proceed to any Place or Places upon the Continent of djiay from the River Indus to the said Town of Malacca incluflve, or in any Ifland under the Government of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, except the (aid Company’s principal Settlements, or to the said Company’s Fa&ory of Bencoolcn or its Dependencies, the said Court of Dire&ors shall, within Fourteen Days from the Receipt thereof, unless they shall think (it to comply therewith, transmit the fame to the said Board of Commiflioners for the Affairs of India, together with any Representation which the said Court may think proper to make upon the Subjc& of such Application ; and in case the said Board of Commiflioners shall think fit to direct the said Court of Dire&ors to issue any such Licence or Licences, the said Court of Dire&ors shall and they are hereby required forthwith to issue the fame, upon such Terras and Conditions as the said Court of Dire&ors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Com* miflioners, shall from time to time think fit: Provided always, that in all cases in which the said Board of Commiflioners shall direct the said Court of Dire&ors to issue any such Licence which they shall have declined to issue without such Direction, the Special circum-fiances inducing them to give such Dire&ion shall be recorded in the Books of the said Board.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Ship or Veflel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this A&, clearing out from any Port or Ports within the United Kingdom, shall proceed to any Place or Places situate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London (faveand except Ports and Places upon the Continent of S\fiay from the River Indus to the said Town of Malacca inclusive, or in any Ifland under the Government of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, and also save and except the said Company’s Fa&ory at Bencoolcn and its Dependencies) without a Licence from the (aid Board of Comjmflioaers for the

Affairs

A.D.1813*	J3°‘GE0.IIL	C.i	55*

Affairs of India ; and the said Cotmniffioners shall and they are hereby required from time to time to frame and publish such Rules and Regulations for the granting of Licences in that Behalf, as they fhsdl think fit; and in all cases in which any Licence shall be granted by the said Board of Commiffioncrs, other wife than according to such Rules and Regulations, the Special circumstances under which such Licence shall have been granted, shall be recorded in the Books of the said Board, and communicated to the Court of Di-reftors.

XIII.	Provided also, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or VefTel, the registered Meafurement whereof shall be less than .Three hundred and fifty Tons, other than such Ships or Veffels as may be employed by the said Company as Packets, to clear out from any Port in tne United Kingdom, for any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, or be admitted to Entry at any Port of the United Kingdom, from any Place within thole Limits.

XIV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or VefTel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this Aft -(hall be permitted to clear out from or be admitted to Entry at any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or Limits of the said Company’s Charter, until the Mafler or other Person having the Command of such Ship or VefTel fhalbhave made out and exhibited a true and perfect Manifeft of the Cargo of such Ship or VefTel, to such Person or Persons, according to such Form, and subject to such .Regulations as now are or hereafter may be prescribed by any Aft •r Afts pa(Ted or to be passed for that Pufpofe.

XV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Ship or Veffel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this Aft shall be permitted, to clear out from any Port of the said United Kingdom, or any Place or Places under the Government of His Majesty or of the said Company, situate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from l*nrdon, until the Mafter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or VefTel shall have made out, and exhibited to the principal .Officer of the Cufloms, or other Person thereto authorized by such Government as aforesaid, at such Port of Clearance, upon Oath (which Oath such Officer or other Person is hereby authorized to adminifler) a true and perfect Lift in such Form as shall from time to time be fettled by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commiffi oners, specifying and setting forth the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Persons embarked or intended to be embarked on board iuch Ship or VefTel, and all Arms on board, or intended to be put on board the fame, or be admitted to entry at any Port in the said United Kingdom, or any such Port within the Limits last mentioned, until the Mailer or other Person having the Command of such Ship or VefTel shall in the like manner have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Cufloms, or other Person thereunto authorized, as aforesaid, upon Oath (which Oath such Officer or other Person is hereby authorized to adminifler) a true and perfect Lift, in form to be fettled as aforesaid, specifying the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Persons on board, or who shall have been on board such Ship or Veffel, from the

time

6$7

recorded, and' communicated to Dire&ort.

No Ship under 350 Tons, to clear out for or admitted to Entry within limits of .Company's Charter.

No Ship in private Trade to clear out or enter without a Manifelt.

No Ship in private Trade to clear out or enter without giving an atteftetf Lift of Persons and Arms, and accounting for them.

t&8	c.155.	530	geo.	nr.	A.D.1813.

time of the failing thereof, to the time of ArriTal j and all Arm on board, or which shall during such time have been on board such Ship or Veffel; and the several Timet and Places at which such of the said Persons at may have died or left the said Ship or Veffel, shall have so died, or left such Ship or Veffel, or such of the laid Anns as may have been disposed of, have been so disposed of.

Copies of Lifts XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every case received in En?- wfoere any such Lift shall be received in any Port of the said United toSwetary of K,llg^om, ff0m *nY Matter or other Person having the Command Court of Direc- anY Ship or Veffel, the Officer or other Person receiving tors and re- the fame shall, and he is hereby required, with all reasonable Deceived in India, patch, to transmit a Copy of such Lift to the Secretary of the Court to Secretary of Gf Diredors of the said United Company ; and in case such Lift 'overnmeat.	fhal] recejve(j \n any port jn the Eafi Indies, or other Place within

the Limits last mentioned, such Officer or other Person receiving the fame shall, and he is hereby required, in like manner to transmit t Copy of such Lift to the Chief Secretary of the Government to which the Port or Place in which such Lift shall be received shall be subject.	j

Articles of Silk,	XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Articles manufadured

Hair and Cotton of Silk, Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof, imported •d or ^takenc^t* un<^er Authority of this Ad, from any Port or Place within the ofWtrehouses, Limits of the said Company’s Charter, shall be entered or taken out except for Ex- of any Warehouse, except for Exportation, unless the fame (hill portation, unless have been brought into the Port of London, and deposited in the brought to Port Warehoufes of the said United Company ; and that for the Purpofe of London, and Qf afcertajnjng the Duties payable upon all such Articles which dull pany’s^Ware^"" be dejpofited in the Warehoufes of the said United Company, the houses; which fame (nail be fold openly and publicly by Inch of Candle, or by way Articles shall be of Public Auction, and in no other manner, under the Order and publicly fold to Authority of the Court of Directors of the said Company, on the afeertain Dunes. Account of the proper Owners thereof; and that when any of such Goods shall be bought in by the Owners, the whole Confignmenti so bought in shall and may be delivered out to them with all convenient •	Speed after the Sales thereof, upon Payment of the Duties and other

Charges to which the fame shall be liable, without the actual Payment of the gross Prices or Sale Amount of the said Goods; and that all such Articles imported on board any such Ship, and deposited in the Warehoufes of the said Company, and the Sales thereof shall be in all respects subject to the Bye-Laws of the (aid Company, and the several Provifions of the said Ad of the Parliament of Great

23 G.3. c.5a.

Treasury may authorize fuel) Articles, when brought to Out Pons, to be removed to Port of London to be sold for Home Con-fumption.

50 G, 3. c. 64

Si.

Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’a Reign, made and provided for the Management of Private Trade ; save only and except as is otherwise directed, provided or authorized by this Ad.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Trcafurer or Lords Commit-fioners of the Treasury for the time being, to permit any Article! manufadured of Silk, Hair, Cotton Wool or any Mixture thereof, which may have been imported under the Authority of this Ad into any Part of the United Kingdom other than the Port of London, to be removed from such Port of Importation to the said Port of London, for the Purpofe of Sale for Home Confumption, under such and the like Regulations as any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may be removed from the Port in Great Britain where first Warehoused, to

any

A.D.i8i3>

53° GEO. m.

G. is?.

699

any other Warehoufing Port by virtue of an Aft passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to permit the Removal of Goods, IVares and Merchandize from the Port in Great Britain where frjl Warchoufedto any other IVarchoufing Port9 for the Purpofe of Exportation : And all such Articles so removed, shall be deposited in the Warehouses of the said United Company, and fold in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations and Provisions, as if the fame had been originally imported into the Port of London, and deposited in the Warehoufes of the said United Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That" as well in the Port of London as in all other* Ports, all Articles manufactured of Silk, Hair, Cotton Wool or any Mixture thereof, which shall be imported under the Authority of this Aft from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, and shall be entered and taken out of any Warehoufe for Exporation, shall be charged according to their Value, under all such Rules and Regulations, and subject to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are pre-feribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to Value, by an Aft pafTed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for repealing the several Duties of Cujlotns and Extife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with others compofng the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Import a* tion of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Ma-ntsfaSure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, or by any other subsequent Aft or Afts now in force.

XX* Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the making, during the further Term hereby granted to the said Company, fnch further Provifions by Authority of Parliament as may from time to time be deemed ne-ceffary, for enabling His Majefty's Subjefts to carry on Trade and Traffic directly or circuitoqfly as well between all Ports and Places situate without the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, and all Ports and Places (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) situate within those Limits, as between the said United Kingdom, and all the last mentioned Ports and Places except a» aforesaid; but without Prejudice to any of the Reftriftions or Provifions herein contained, a« to the Refort to and Refidence of any Persons in the East Indies and Parts aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Aft palled in the Thirty first Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution a certain Order of Council refpeS-ing the Importation of a limited Quantity of Saltpetre ; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Saltpetre; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof as requires the said Company, at their public Sales to put up certain Quantities of Saltpetre at cer-tain Rates ; or to reserve and deliver into the Stores of His Majesty, bis Heirs and SucceiTors, certain Quantities of Saltpetre at certain Rates, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

53 Gao. III.	Y	y	XXII.	And

Such articles, when entered and taken out of Warehoufe* for Exportation, to be charged ad valorem.

27 O.3. C.XJ*

Provifions for authorizing private Trade as well between Places without as within Company's Limits, as between United Kingdom and those Limits, except Chino*

31 G.3. €.49* repealed*

<%*

9 & io W.3. c- 44* §6y. repealed.

C.15S.

53° geo. m.

A.D.1813.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the laid Ad of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, or of any other Ad or Ads, as requires that all Goods and Merchandize belonging to any Private Trader to the Eafl India, which shall be imported into England or Wales, shall be fold openly and publicly by Inch of Candle, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Ads of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, or either of them, as requires the Court of Diredors of the said Company to lay yearly before the Board of Commiflioners for the Affairs of India, an Invoice of the Quantities and Sorts of Cordage, Pitch and Tar, and the Number and Sizes of Mads and Spars, and the Number and Weight of Anchors exported, or intended to be exported by the said Company; or as relates to the Admiffion of Individuals, by Authority of the said Board of Commiflioners, to export or import any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board the said Company’s Ships; or to the providing or appropriating by the said Company of Tonnage for the Private Trade; or to the Rate of Freight to be charged thereon; or to the Notices to be given to the Chief Secretary of the said Company; or to the Chiet Secretary of the Per-Udency in India9 by Persons intending to export or import Goods; or to the registering of Private Trade Goods, or to the granting Orders or Licences for (hipping such Goods in the Ships of the said Company ; or as requires One or more of the Outward bound Ships of the laid Company to touch at the Port of Cork between the Month of 0Sober and the Month of February in every Year ; shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of or belonging to the said Company, exported or imported from or into any Ports or Places under the Government of the said Company in the East Indies, or other Places within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, shall be subject to the Payment of the like Rates, Cuftoms and Duties of Import and Export, as the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes of the fame Kinds or Sorts, exported or imported in Private Trade, under the Authority of this Ad,, are or shall be subject or liable to be charged with.

No Duties im- XXV. And be it further enacted. That no new or additional Im-pofetl in India	pofition of any Duty or Tax upon the Export, Import or Traufit

valid till fane-	of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, made or to be

tioned by Direc- made by Authority of the Governor General or Governor in Couneil, ovecHby*5oard	Company’s Prefidencies or Settlements in the

of Ctntroul.	Indies	or Parts aforesaid, shall be valid or effectual, until the

fame shall have been fandioned by the Court of Diredors of the (aid United Company, with the Approbation of the said Board of Com-miffioners; which Saudion and Approbation shall be iignihed to the said Governments respectively by iome Public Difpatch from the said Court of Diredors, deferibing each Regulation for the Purpoies aforesaid, which shall be so fandioned and approved by its Tide at full Length, and expressing that the fame is so fandioned and approved ; and all such Regulations, when promulgated in the Indies by the said Governments, shall contain express Mention that the fame are made with the Sandion of the (aid Court of Dire&ore, and with the Approbation of the said Board of Commiffio&er* for

the

33 G. 3* e-J*

§83.

1*3-

$85.

187.89. $	93-

§103.

33 0.3. (L)

e.31. §8.

repealed.

Goods exported J or imported by Company fub-je& to fame Duties as those exported or imported in private Trade.

S

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.IJ5*

69 I

the Affairs of India ; and such Mention shall be taken as conclu-five Evidence of such Sanftion and Approbation in all Courts of Juftice.

4 XXVI. And whereas, by virtue of the said Aft made in the 9&I0^r;3«

4 Ninth Year of King William the Third, the said Company were c'44’ $ 7U*

4 authorized to receive a Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred 4 Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares and Mer-4 chandizes, of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the East 4 Indies, or other Parts within the Limits aforesaid, imported or • brought into the Kingdom of England in Private Trade, towards 4 defraying certain Charges in the said Aft mentioned and specified :

4 And whereas the said Company, before the palling of the said 4	Aft made in	the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent	33G-3-c«5*.

4	Majefty/ had,	over and betides the said Duty of Five Pounds per

m Centum, been accustomed to charge and receive, for their own Ufe,

4 after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum on the Grofs Sale 4 Amount of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into the 9 Kingdom of Great Britain from the East Indies in Private Trade,

4 in Recompence and Satisfaction of the Charges and Expences of € unfhipping and felling the fame, and otherwise in the Care and 4 Management thereof: And wherea3 by the firll mentioned Aft,

4	made in the	Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, it was	33 G, 3.	c.ja.

4	enacted, that,	from and after the First Day of March One thoufand	§ 99*

4 seven hundred and ninety four, the said Duty of Five Pounds per 4 Centum should be repealed, and the said Charge of Two Pounds 4 per Centum dilcontinued, and that in lieu thereof respectively, there 4 should be rendered and paid to the said Company, during the 4 further Term by the fame Aft granted to them in their exclutive 4 Trade, a Duty or Allowance alter the Rate of Three Pounds ter 4 Centum on the Grofa Sale Amount of all Goods, Wares and Mer-4 chandizes, imported or brought into this Kingdom from the Eafi 4 Indies in Private Trade, including in such Value or Account, all 4 Duties and Charges payable in respect thereofBe it further enacted, That the said Duty or Allowance in respect of Goods, Duty to Corn-Wares or Merchandize, imported in Private Trade, shall be, and pany repealed, the fame is hereby wholly repealed.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That neither the 9&10W.3. said Repeal of the said Duty contained in the said Aft of the Ninth Year of King William the Third, nor any thing in this Aft contained, irap0rted tfhall extend to release the Payment of the Duty or Allowance of into Port of Three Pounds per Centum in respect of any Articles of Silk, Hair, ‘London and de-Cotton Wool or any Mixture thereof, which being brought into the posited in Coin-Port of Lendon by Private Merchants, Traders or other Persons, Pany*War«-snay be deposited in the Warehoufes of the said United Company, nor of the said Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, or the said Charge china; not to of Two Pounds per Centum, on any Goods, Wares or Merchandize affect Engage-which shall be brought Home and imported in any of the Ships of ments Cotn-the said Company or in their Service from China ; nor to affect any Covenants or Engagements now subsisting, or hereafter to be made officer*, by or between tne said Company, or on their Behalf, with the Matters or Commanders of the Company’s Ships, or with any other of the Officers or Servants of the said Company, in whatever Employment or Capacity they may happen to be; but that all and every filch Covenants and Agreements shall be and be held* deemed ana

Yy 2

taken

<?9*

C. 155.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

43 G. 3. c cxxvi. § 9X*

46 G. 3. c. exiii.

*3*.

Rates to E. T. Dock Company paid before Goods delivered to Owners or Confignees.

If Rates on Goods not paid to E. I. Dock Company before unloacting, they may be sent to the E. I. Company's Warehouses to be fold, and Rates deduced from Purchafe Money.

43 0.3* c cxxvi,

35 G. 3. c. 1x5.

I I.

taken to be of the fame Force and Effedl as if the said Repeal had not been enacted, or this Adi been made; the said Repeal or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII,	And, for more effedlually securing to the East India Dock Company the Rates and Duties granted and made payable to them by Two several Adis, one passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port; and the other passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for altering and enlarging the Powers of an AS made in the Forty third Tear of tha Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port9 be it further enacted, That all the Rates and Duties by the said Adis granted and made payable to the East India Dock Company, for or iu respect of any Goods, Wares ur Merchandize, shall be fully adjuiled, fettled and paid to the said East India Dock Company, or their Colledlors or Receivers, before such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be delivered to the Ovner or Owners, or Confignee or Confignees thereof,

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be cleared or discharged from any Ship or Veffel before the Rates and Duties payable to the said East India D*ck Company in respect of the fame shall have been fully discharged, then it shall be lawful for the (aid East India Dock Company to cause such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to be sent to and deposited in the Warehoufes of the said United Company, and to be fold under the Order and Authority of the Court of Diredlors of the said Company, on the Account of the proper Owners thereof; and the Rates and Duties payable to the said East India Dock Company in respect of the fame, and the reafon-able Expences of fending and depoliting the fame as aforesaid, shall be dedudled and paid to the said East India Dock Company, their Receivers or Colledlors, in such manner as is directed by the said A ft of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, with respect to the Rates or Duties thereby made payable ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

1 XXX. And whereas by *n Adi passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for allowing for a limited time the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclujive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of Britifti-^w/7/ nor registered as such ; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain, by the fame Ships under certain ReJlriSions9 it was enacted, that if, during the Continuance of the then present War, and for Eighteen Months after the Conclufion thereof, any Ship freighted by the said United Company with the Approbation of the said Board of Commiflioners, with Home Inveftment of Goods from India or China or other Port* within the Limits of the said Company’s Trade, should arrive in the Ports of Great Britain, it should and might be lawful upon Reprefentation made by or on Behalf of the said Company to His Majesty in Couneil, for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of Hit Privy Couneil, to authorize the Importation and Entry of fuch

4 Goods,

*	Goods, subject to the like Duties and no other, as if they were im-

*	ported in Britifb’huWt Ships, though such Goods should be brought

*	in Ships which might not be 2?r/7//2>-built, nor have been registered 4 as Britj/b-buAt Ships, nor navigated as required by the Laws then

*	in force; provided the said Ships should have been built within the

*	Territories belonging to the said United Company, or in the Ports

*	under the immediate Protedlion of the British Flag in the EaJl 4 Indies ; and also to permit such Ships to export from Great Britain 4 to the British Settlements in the EaJl Indies, or to any of the Places c within the Limits before mentioned, with the Licence and Confent

*	of the said Company, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatfo-

*	ever, Ordnance and Military Stores excepted ; and it was thereby 4 further enacted, that such Ships should not be liable to Forfei-4 ture, nor should any Persons whatever be liable to any Penalty or 4 Forfeiture on account of any Importation of Goods, Wares or 4 Merchandize, in pursuance of the said Adi, or of any Order or 4 Orders of His Majesty in Couneil, which might be issued in virtue

*	thereof: And whereas by an Adi passed in the Forty second 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for making 4 perpetual so much of an A3 made in the Nineteenth Tear of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Draw-4 back of the Duties of Rum Jhipped as Stores to be consumed on board 4 Merchant Ships on their Vioyages ; and to continue several Laws 4 relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from 4 Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the Well Indies; until 4 the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and 4 eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of 4 Naval Stores from the British Colonies in Amerifca, until the Twenty 4 ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve ; 4 to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, 4 Nutmegs and Mace ; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fi/b 4 from Newfoundland and the Coajl of Labrador, until the Twenty 4 fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight ; and to 4 the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to 4 India and China, in Ships not of British built, during the Continuance 4 of the exclujive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the 4 Fall India Company by an A3 of the Thirty third Tear of His 4 present Majesty*s Reignf the said Adi of the Thirty fifth Year of 4 His Majefty's Reign was further continued during the Term 4 granted to the said United Company, by the said Adi of the 4 Parliament of Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His 4 Majefty’s Reign;’ Be it enacted, That the fame shall continue and be in force until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, unless any Provifion shall be made refpedt-ing the fame in the next Sefiion of Parliament; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty during such time, by any Order or Orders in Council to be made for that Purpose, to authorize any of His Majefty’s Subjcdts to import into the said United Kingdom from the EaJl Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China ; paying the like Duties only as if such Importation were made in British Ships ; and to export from the said United Kingdom to the EaJl Indies, and Places atoresaid, save and except as aforesaid, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, except Tea, in all fuch

Y y 3	Ships

Si-

42 G. 3. c. 20.

§6.

His Majesty in Council may authorize private Traders to use India-built Shipi, for like Term.

Provifo.

Ships so authorized not liable to Forfeiture.

Ships engaged in Southern Whale Fifhery may fail between Cape of Good Hope, and Streitfhts of Magellan:

35 G. 3. c. 92. But to have Licences for certain Limits, from Board of Controul.

No such Ship under 350 Tons, to fail without Licence from Board.

South Sea Whalers not to go to certain Places without Licence from Directors.

,C. 1530 GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Ships as above mentioned, subject to such Regulations and CondL tions as His Majesty shall think fit; any A&, Matter or Thine to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that all Ships which may have commenced their Voyage from India at any time before the Expiration of One Year from the palling of this A6f shall be deemed and taken to be equally entitled to the Benefit of the Pro-vifions hereinbefore contained as if such Ships had arrived in any Port of the United Kingdom during the said Twelve Months.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That such Ships shall not be liable to Forfeiture, nor shall any Persons whatever be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture on account of any Importation or Expor-tation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in pursuance of this Adi, or of any Order or Orders of His Majetly in Council which may be issued in virtue thereof.

‘ XXXII. And whereas it is necelfary to encourage the Fifltcry * carried on to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis'* Streightsy by extending the Limits now prelcribed for the fame*/ Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Veflel fitted and clearing out conformably to an Adi passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An Alt for the further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fi/heries, to fail and pass for the Purpofe aforesaid, in all the Seas to the Eaftward of the Cafe of Good Hope, and in all the Seas to the Weftward of the Streights of Magellan : Provided always, that no such Ship or Veflel shall fail or pass in any Seas further to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and .fiftieth Degrees of Ea(l Longitude from Londony without a Licence from the said Board of Commiflionm for the Affairs of India9 specially authorizing such Ship or Veffel so to proceed: Provided also, that no such Ship or Veffel, the rt-giftered Meafurement whereof shall be less than Three hundred and fifty Tons, shall fail or pass in any of the Seas to the Eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the Well ward of the Streights of Mo* gellany without a Licence from the said Board of Commifuoners, specially authorizing the fame: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for any such Ship or Veffel to go to, touch or (tay at any Port or Place upon the Continent of Afia. from the River Indus to the said Town of Malacca inclusive, or any Kland under the Government of the said Company to the North of the Equator, nor the said Company's Faftory at Bencoolen or its Dependencies, nor the Dominions of the Emperor of Chinay without a Licence in Writing from the said Court of Directors of the said United Company specially authorizing the fame.

4 XXXIII. And whereas it is the Duty of this Country to 4 promote the Interefl and Happinefs of the Native Inhabitants of 4 the British Dominions in India; and such Meafines ought to 4 be adopted as may tend to the Iutrodu&ion among them of nfeful 4 Knowledge, and of religious and moral Improvement; and in fur-4 therance of the above Obje&s, sufficient Facilities ought to be 4 afforded by Law to Persons desirous of going to and remaining 4 in India, for the Purpofe of accomplifliing those benevolent De-4 signs so as the Authority of the Local Governments respecting 4 the Intercourfe of Europeans with the Interior of the Country 4 be preserved, and the Principles of the British Government, on

12	4	which

t^ooQie

A.D.1813.	53®	GEO, III.	C. 155.	(fyg

4 which the Natives of India have hitherto relied for the free Exer-4 cife of their Religion, be inviolably maintained: And whereas it is

*	expedient to make Provifion for grantiog Permiflion to Persons 4 defi/ous of going to and remaining in India for the above Purposes,

4 and also to Persons defirouis of going to and remaining there for

•	other lawful Purpofes Be it therefore enacted, That when and Court of as often as any Application shall be made to the said Court of Diredors refuse Dire&ors, for or on Behalf of any Person or Persons desirous of Pe^foos'to pro, proceeding to the East Indies for Permiflion so to do, the said Court Ceed to East shall, unless they fhafi think (it to comply therewith, transmit every Indies, Appika-fuch Application within One Month from the Receipt thereof to tioos traufmitted the said Board of Commiffloners for the Affairs of India; and in toB®^d; who case the said Commiffloners shall not fee any sufficient Objection ^^testobe**" thereto, it shall and may be lawful for the laid Commiffloners to granted by direct that such Person or Persons shall, at his or their own special Directors au-Cbarge, be permitted to proceed to any of the said Principal Settle- thorixing such ment6 of the said Company, and that such Person or Persons shall Pel^ons to P*®" be fumifhed by the said Court of Dirc&ors with a Certificate or Mndpal Certificates, according to such Form as the said Commiffloners shall Settlements, prescribe, signifying that such Person or Persons hath or have so proceeded with the Cognizance and under the San&ion of the faid

Court of Dire&ors; and that all such Certificates shall entitle the Persons obtaining the fame so long as they shall properly conduct themselves, to the Countenance and Prote&ion of the several Governments of the said Company in the East Indies and Parts afore-said, in their respective Pursuits, subject to all such Provifions and Reflri&ions as are now in force, or may hereafter be judged necessary, with regard to Persons redding in India.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Dire&orsmay extend or be construed to extend to reftri& or prohibit the said Court raake Reprefen-of Directors from offering such Reprcfentations to the said Board of tatj^^j£ercon Commiffloners, respecting Persons so applying for Permiflion to pro- t0 **

ceed to the East Indies, as the said Court of Dire&orsmay at any time think tit.

XXXV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons All Persons fub-

who shall proceed to the East Indies shall upon their Arrival at any jf& t® Reguli. Place within the Limits of the said United Company’s Government,	Bocal

be subject to all such Rules and Regulations, as now are or hereafter ovcrmnents* may be in force within those Limits.

rXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Government#in Person having obtained a Certificate or Licence from the said Court India maydeclant of Directors, authorizing such Person to proceed to the East Indies, Certificates and shall at any time so conduct himself as in the Judgment of the jt ap^xr to Governor General or Governor of the Prefidency within which such them that the Person shall be found, to have forfeited his Claim to the Counte- Persons, to nance and Protedlion of the Government of such Presidency, it shall whom granted, and may be lawful for such Governor General or Governor, by Order, h*v.e pf*jeilc^ to declare that the Certificate or Licence so obtained by such Perfon	r°

shall be void from a Day to be named in such Order; and from and Limitation of after such Day so to be named in such Order, such Person shall be Profecutionsfor deemed and taken to be a Person residing and being in the East *efiding without Indies without Licence or Authority for that Purpole, and may be a Licence, sent forthwith to the United Kingdom; any matter or thing what-foever to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that no

Y y 4	Perfoa

696

Cl ss-

53s GEO. IIL

AiD«iSt]<

Governments in India not to fane* tion Refidence without Authority of Directors, except under Special Circum-ftances.

Person whose Certificate or Licence shall have been so vacated by Order of any of the Governments of the said Company as aforesaid, shall be subject or liable to any Profecution for redding or beiog found in the East Indies without Licence or Authority for that Purpose, until Two Months after Notice of such Order shall have been given to such Person, by Delivery to such Person of a Copy thereof, or by leaving the fame at the last Place of Abode of such Person, or by Publication of such Order in the Gazette of the Prefidency where such Order shall be made.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any of the Governments of the said Company at their several Prefidencies to licence or otherwise authorise the Refidence at any Place or Places within the Limits of the said Company’s Governments, of any Subject of His Majesty, who shall go thereto after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, unless such Person shall have been previously furnished with a Licence or Certificate from the Court of Dire6fors of the said Company or have otherwise been autborifed by Law to reside within the said Limits : Provided nevertheless, that any Governor General or Governor of any of the said Prefidencies, for extraordinary Reafooi to be entered upon the Minutes of Couneil, may authorise by Special Licence the Refidence of any Subjeft of His Majesty in any Place or Places under the Government of such Presidency, until the Pleafure of the said Court of Directors shall be known in that Behalf; and that such Special Licence shall be deemed and taken to be of the fame Force and EfFe& as a Licence of and from the {aid Court of Dircftors, until Notice of the Pleafure of the said Court to the contrary {ball haye been given to such Person, by Delivery thereof to such Person, or by leaving the fame at his last Place of Abode, or by Publication thereof in the Gazette of the Prefidency by which such Special Licence fiiall have been granted: Provided that a Copy of such Licence, and of the Reafons for granting the fame, accompanied with an Application for a Licence from the said Court of Dire&ors, shall be transmitted to the said Court of Direfton forthwith after the granting thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena6fed, That it shall and may be

ri*e a^VeTfors	^or	the Board Commissioners for the Affairs of India,

to proseed To°I,S ^7 Licence in Writing for that Purpose, upon such Terms and Con-andrefido except ditiona as they may think fit, to authorize any Person or Perfoiis to

proceed to and reside at any Place or Places situate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Longitude from London, and not being upon the Continent of AJia, between the River Indus and the Town of Malacca inclusive; nor in any Ifiand under the Government of the said Company lying to the Northward of the Equator j nor at the said Company’s Fa&oryit Bencooleny nor its Dependencies; nor within the Dominions of the Emperor of China ; any A&, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Subje£U of His Majesty to proceed to and reside at any Place or Places situate more to the Southward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, or more to the Weftward than Sixty four Degrees, or more to the Eaftward than One hundred and fifty

Degrees

Provifo,

Board cf Con-

within certain Limits of Chatter.

His Majesty** bubje&s authorised to go to and reside at Places within certain Limits without Licence.

k^ooQie

*97

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.ni.	C. 155.

Degree* of East Longitude from London, for any lawful Purpofe# without any Licence whatsoever; any thing in this or any other Ad, or in* any Charter contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Subjeds of Unlicenfed Per* His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors, of or belonging to any of His Majelly’s Dominions situate without the East Indies and Limits of Liraia 0^0111-the said Company’s Charter, other than such as shall be liccnfed pany’s Gharter, by the said United Company, or otherwise thereunto lawfully otherwise than at authorized, shall at any time before the Determination of the further allowed by A&, Term hereby granted to the said Company, directly or indirectly, fail	^lecfou*

to, visit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffick or adventure to, in or from the East Indies or Parts aforesaid, or go, fail or repair thereto, or be found therein, in any other manner than is prescribed or allowed by the Provifions of this Ad, and the Terms and Conditions of any Licence or Certificate to be granted by virtue thereof, all and every such Person and Persons shall be deemed and taken to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there; and all such Persons, and all Ships and Velfels found in the Cuftody of any such Perfort or Persons, or engaged or concerned in such unlawful Trade or Trafsick, and the Owners, Mafters and Crews thereof, and all Goods,

Merchandize, Treafure and Effeds {hipped or laden thereon, or taken out of the fame, or found in the Cuftody of any such Person or Persons, shall be subject and liable to all such and the like Pains,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Difabilities and Methods of Suit, as are contained in the said Ads of the Thirty third Year of His present 33G-3*C»5** Majesty, or either of them, or in any Ad or Ads now in force, * 1 and which Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Difabilities and Methods c'31. §25, 26. of Suit, were enacted for the Purpofe of securing to the said Company the foie and exclusive Right of trading to the East Indies, and other Parts within the Limits of their Charter, during the Continuance of such foie and exclusive Right, and of restraining clandestine and illicit Trade, in, to and from the East Indies and Parts aforesaid ; and all such and the like Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things as are contained in the said Ads of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, or either of them, or in any Ad or Ads now in force, and which were enacted for the Purpofe aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be in force, and to apply to all such unlawful Trade and Traffick as aforesaid, contrary to the Provifions of this Ad, or of the Terms and Conditions of any Licence or Certificate to be granted by virtue thereof, and shall be put in Execution during the further Term hereby granted to the said Company, for the Purpofe of preventing any such unlawful Trade or Trafsick, as fully and effectually as if the fame Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were severally repeated at large, and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad, and applied to and for the Purpofe last aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Ships driven by Veffels shall happen by Strefs of Weather or other inevitable Accident Strefs of Wea-to be driven or forced more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees ther°jj °!^c* South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and Jj™* wirhit^pre-fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London, and being driven or feibed Limits, so forced shall return within the said Limits with as much convenient not liable to Speed as the Safety of such Ship or Veffel or other circumstances Forfeiture, will admit, such Ship or Vefiels shall not, nor shall any of the Goods,

Merchandize, Trealure or Effeds shipped or laden on board the

fame,

*9S

C. 155.

53' GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Onui Proband i.

Colleges and

Seminaries Abroad lubjeft to Controul of Board.

Provifion for Schools, Public Ledhnes or other I .iterary lnftitutions for Benefit of Natives; regulated by Governor General in Couneil, fubjo^l to Controul of Board ; but Appointments to Offices therein made by Local Governments.

fame, be subject to Forfeiture, nor shall the Owners, Mailer or Crew

thereof, or any other Person on board the fame, be liable to aoy of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures or Difabilities hereinbefore men* tioned, on account of being or having been within the said Limits: Provided nevertheless, that the Proof of such Ship or Veffels having been driven or forced beyond the said Limits by Strefs of Weather or other inevitable Accident, and of having returned within the said Limits with as much convenient Speed as the Safety of the said Ship or Veflel or other circumstances would admit, shall lie on the Party claiming the Benefit of such Exemption; any thing in this or any other A61 contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further ena6led. That the said Board of Com-miflioners for the Affairs of Indian by force and virtue of this A shall have and be invested with full Power and Authority to taper-intend, dire6l and controul all Orders and In(lru6tions whatsoever, which in any wife relate to or concern any Rules, Regulations or Eilabli(hment8 whatsoever of the several Colleges established by the said Company at Calcutta or Fort Saint George, or of any Seminaries which may be established under the Authority of any of the Governments of the said Company, in the fame manner, to all Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to all such and the like Regulations and Provisions, as if such Orders and Inllru&ions immediately related to and concerned the Government and Revenues of the said Territorial Acquifitions in the East Indies.

XLII I. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfut for the Governor General in Council to dire6l, that out of any Surplus which may remain of the Rents, Revenues and Profits, arising from the said Territorial Acquifitions, after defraying the Expences of the Military, Civil and Commercial Eftablifhments, and paying the Interefl of the Debt, in manner hereinafter provided, a Sum of not less than One Lack of Rupees in each Year shall be fet apart and applied to the Revival and Improvement of Literature and the Encouragement of the learned Natives of India* and for the Introduction and Promotion of a Knowledge of the Sciences among the Inhabitants of the Briiijh Territories in India; and that any Schools, Public Ledtures or other lnflitutions, for the Purpofes aforesaid, which shall be founded at the Prefidencies of Fort JVilliam* Fort Saint George or Bombay* or in any other Parts of the Britifb Territories in India* in virtue of this A61, shall be governed by such Regulations as may from time to time be made by the said Governor General in Council $ fubje6l nevertheless to such Powers as are herein veiled in the said Board of Commiflioners for the AfFairs of India* refpe6ling Colleges and Seminaries: Provided always, that all Appointments to Offices in such Schools, Lc6turcfhips and other In-flitutions, shall be made by or under the Authority of the Governments within which the fame shall be situated.

* XLIV. And whereas the said United Company have lately 4 eflablished, in England, a Coliege, for the appropriate Education 4 of young Men designed for their Civil Service in India* and alio a 4 Military Seminary for the appropriate Education of youQg Men 4 designed for their Military Service in India : And whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the said College and Military Seminary should be 4 further continued and maintained, and that proper Rules and 4 Regulations should be cpnftituted and eftablilhed by Authority

4 of

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.III.	C.	155-

€ ef Law, for the good Government of the said College and Military * Seminary respectively Be it therefore enacted, That the said College and Military Seminary shall be continued and maintained by the said United Company during the further Term hereby granted to the said Company ; and that it shall and may be lawful for the laid Court of Directors, and they are hereby required, forthwith, after the paling of this Aft, to frame such Rules and Regulations for the good Government of the said College and Military Seminary respectively, as in their Judgment shall appear best adapted to the Purpofes aforesaid; and to lay the fame before the Board of Com-millioners for the Affairs of Indiay for their Revifal and Approbation, who shall thereupon proceed to consider the fame, and shall and may make such Alterations therein and Additions thereto as they shall think fit; nevertheless, all such Rules and Regulations shall and may be fttbjeft to such future Revifion and Alteration by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board, as cir-cumftances may from time to time require in that behalf; and all such Rules and Regulations so framed, approved, revised or altered, shall be deemed and taken to be good and valid in Law, and shall be binding and effectual upon all Persons and in all Matters belonging %>r relating to the said College and Military Seminary respectively ; any Law, Charter or other Matter or Thing to the contrary not-withfiaacting: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said Court of Direftors from making such Representation, with respect to any Alterations in or Additions to such Rules and Regulations which may be made by the said Board of Commissioners, as the said Court of Direftors shall at any time think fit.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Bifhop of London for the time being, to have and exercise, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to have and exercise such Vifitatorial Power and Jurifdiftion over all such Persons, Matters and Things, belonging or relating to the said Coliege, and in such manner, as shall be appointed and established by the said Rules and Regulations of the said College in that behalf; any matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Court of Direftors to nominate, appoint or fend to the Pre-(idencic8 of Fort William, Fort Saint George or Bombay, any Person in the Capacity of a Writer, unless such Person shall have been duly entered at such Coliege, and have resided there Four Terras, according to the Rules and Regulations thereof; and shall also produce to the said Court of Direftors a Certificate under the Hand of the Principal of the said Coliege, testifying that he has, for the Space of Four Terms, been a Member of and duly conformed himself to the Rules and Regulations of the said College.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order for the Eftablifhment of any Office, or the Appointment of any Person to (ill the Situation of Principal at the said Coliege, or Head Mafter of the Military Seminary, shall be valid or effectual until the fame shall have been approved by the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India.

4 XLVIII. And whereas for the due Performance of the public 4 Duties of Religion at the said Coliege, as well as for the Main-

4 tenance

$99

College and Military Seminary in England, continued ; and Directors, with Approbation of Board, to make Rules and Regulations for fame.

Direftors may make Reprefeo* tations, refpeft-iug Alterations or Additions by Board.

Bifhop of Lon- J don to exercise Vifitatorial Ju-rifdiftion.

Person appointed Writer, to have kept Four Terms at Coliege, and produce Certificate of Confor-.mity.

Eftablilhments in College See. subject to Board.

Principal, and ProfelTors, exempted from Parochial Refidence.

43 G. 3. c.84. *

If a Bilhop and Three Archdeacons shall be eftabliihed in India by His Majefly's Letters Patent: their Salaries to W paid by Com-Fany.

Salaries to com -mence on taking Office, and to •eafe when I un&ions cease.

* tenance of found Learning and religious Education, it is expedient 4 that the Principal and some of the Profeffors of the said College 4 Ihould be Clergymen of the Eftabliihed Church: And whereas 4 it may be expected, that among Clergymen best qualified for such 4 Situations, from their Charafter and Attainments, some may be 4 possessed of Benefices in the Church ;* Be it enacted, That every Spiritual Person holding the Situation of Principal or Profeflor in the said Coliege, and actually performing the Duties of the fame, shall be and he is hereby exempted from Refidence on any Benefice of which he may be possessed, in the fame manner as the Spiritual Persons fpe-cified in an Aft palled in the Forty third Year of His prefect Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms ; and for enforcing the Rejidence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England, are by the said Aft exempted from Refidence on their respective Benefices ; any Aft, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XLIX. And whereas no sufficient Provifion hath hitherto bee* 4 made for the Maintenance and Support of a Church Eftablifhmeot 4 in the British Territories in the East Indies and other Parts within 4 the Limits of the said Company’s Charter 5’ Be it therefore enacted. That in case it shall please His Majesty, by his Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, to erect, found and constitute, One Bifhoprick for the whole of the said Brdsfk Territories in the Eafi Indies, and Parts aforesaid; One Archdeaconry for the Prefidency of Fort William in Bengal; One Archdeaconry for the Prefidency of Fort Saint George on the Coaft of Coromandel; and One Archdeaconry for the Prefidency and Ifland of Bombay, on the Coaft of Malahar; and from time to time to nominate and appoint a Biftiop and Archdeacons to such Bifhoprick and Archdeaconries respectively ; the Court of Direftors of the said Company, during such time as the said Territorial Acquifitions shall remain in the Poftefiion of the said Company, shall, and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid, certain eftabliihed Salaries to such Bilhop and Archdeacons respectively; that is to fay, from and out of the Revenues of the said Prefidency of Fort William in Bengal to the said Biftiop, Five thousand Pounds by the Year, at an Exchange of Two Shillings for the Bengal Current Rupee 5 and to the said Archdeacon of the said Prefidency of Fort William, Two thousand Pounds by the Year, at the like Exchange; and from and out of the Revenues of the Prefidency of Fort Sa'mt George, on the Coaft of Coromandel, to the Archdeacon of the said Prefidency of Fort Saint George, Two thousand Pounds by the Year, at an Exchange of Eight Shillings for the Pagoda at Madras; and from and out of the Revenues oi the Prefidency and Illand of Bombay, on the Coaft of Malahar, to the Archdeacon of the said Prefidency and Illand of Bombay, Two thousand Pounds by the Year, at an Exchange of Two Shillings and Three pence for the Bombay Rupee.

L. And be it further enacted. That the said Salaries shall take place and commence from and after the time at which such Persons as shall be appointed to the said Offices respectively, shall take upon them the Execution of their respective Offices; and that all such Salaries shall be in lieu of all Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments and Advantages whatsoever; and that no Fees of Office, Perquifitet,

Emolu-

A.D.i8i3»	53*GEO. III.

Emoluments or Advantages whatsoever, shall be accepted, received or taken, in any manner or on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, other than the Salaries aforesaid ; and that such Biihop and Archdeacons rcfpedively shall be entitled to such Salaries so long as they shall respectively exercise the Fundions of their several Offices in the JEaJl Indies, or Parts aforesaid, and no longer.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Biihop Biflmp to hare shall not have or use any Jurifdidion, or exercise any Epifcopal no Jur fdittion Fundions whatsoever, either in the East Indies or eHewhere, but or Functions, ex-only such Jiirifdidion and Fundions as shall or may from time to ^limited”*™** time be limited to him by His Majesty by Letters Patent under the Letters Patent. Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful His Majesty for His Majesty, from time to time, if he shall think fit, by his may grant to Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, ^^tent1 fuch' to grant to such Biihop so to be nominated and appointed as afore- Ecc)efiaftical said, such Eccleftaftical Jurifdidion, and the Exercife of such Epif- Jurifdi&ion at copal F undions, within the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, as His he may think Majesty shall think necessary for the administering Holy Ceremonies, necessary. and for the Su perintendence and good Government of the Miniilers of the Church Eftabiifhment within the East Indies and Parts aforesaid ; any Law, Charter or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithliauding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it Warrant for shall pteafe His Majesty to issue any Letters Patent respecting any Letters Patent such Bifhoprick or Archdeaconry as aforesaid, or for the Nomination	bjr

or Appointment of any Person thereto, the Warrant for the Bill in	n

every such case shall be countersigned by the PreWent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful His Majesty for His Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, coun-terfigned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, to ^J^Arch- °** grant to any such Biihop and Archdeacons respectively, who shall have deacons who exercised in the Eq/l Indies or Parts aforesaid, for Fifteen Years, the have diicharged Office or Offices of Biihop or Archdeacon, or either of them, the Fun&ior.s in following Penfions; that is to fay, to any such Biihop, a Penfion	Fifteea

not exceeding Fifteen Hundred Pounds per Annum, and to any such car*’ Archdeacon, a Penfion not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds per Annum ; which said Penfion shall be paid and defrayed quarterly by the said Company, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Political Charges of the said Company.

LV. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the Con- Application of tinuance of the Poffeffion and Government of the said Territorial Revenues arising Acquifitiona and Revenues in the said United Company, the Rents, from territorial Revenues and Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquifitions,	**

after defraying the Charges and Expences of collecting the fame, shall n W* be applied and disposed of to and for the Ufes and Purpofes hereinafter expressed, in the following Order of Preference, and to or for no other Ufe or Purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force to the contrary notwith-ftandiog ; that is to fay, in the first place, in defraying all the Charges jn maintaining and Expences of raising and maintaining the Foroes, as well European Foroes; as Native, Military, Artillery and Marine, on the Eftablifhments in \kktEaJl Indies and Parts aforesaid, and of maintaining the Forts and

Garrifons

C.155.	7»i

7o*

C. 155.

S3" GEO. m.

AD.1813.

In Payment of Intereft of Indian Debt;

In defraying Expence* of Efta-bltfhment*; Towards Liquidation of Territorial or Bond Debt, &c.

A Sum equal to Payments from Commercial Funds at Home on account of T erritorial Charges annually applied in India to Inveftment or Remittance, &c.

Application of Profits of Company in Great Britain:

In paying Bills of Exchange;

In paying Debts; except Principal of*Bond Debt;

In Payment of Dividend of Ten per Cent, till separate Fund exhausted,and then 10J per Cent.

Garrifons there, and providing Warlike and Naval Stores: Secondly, in Payment of the Intereft accruing on the Debts owing, or which may be hereafter incurred by the said Company in the East Indie*, or Parts aforesaid, including that Portion thereof, for which Bills shall be demanded, payable in England, and for which Provifion shall at all times be made by Confignments or Remittances to England, as the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Com-miflioners for the Affairs of India, shall from time to time direffc: Thirdly, in defraying the Civil and Commercial Eftablifhments of the (aid Company, at their several Settlements there: Fourthly, towards the Liquidation of the Territorial Debt of the said Company, or of the Bond Debt at Home, or to such other Purposes, subject to the Provifion hereinafter made, as the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, shall from time to time direct 5 any A6t or A£U of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1 LVI. And whereas it is not reasonable that the Commercial * Funds of the said Company should be expo fed to EmbarrafTment by ‘ Payments made in Europe on account of Territorial Charges ;* Be it therefore enacted. That a Sum equal to the actual Payments which shall have been made from the Commercial Funds at Home 00 account of Territorial Charges in the Year preceding, after deducing therefrom the Charges of the Commercial Eftablifhments, and all the Commercial Charges in India, which may have been paid from the Territorial Revenues in the fame Year, shall in each and every Year be issued in India, for the Purpofe of the said Company's China or India Inveftment ; or of Remittance to England on account of the said Company, at the Option of the said Court of Directors: Provided always, that any Excefs which may happen to be so issued io any Year, for the Purpofes of Investment, beyond the actual Payment which shall have been made in the fame Year by the said Company in Europe, on account of Territorial Charges, shall be taken into account in Diminution of the Sum to be applied to the Purpofes of Inveftment for the Year following.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the Continuance of the Poffeflion and Government of the said Territorial Acquiiitions and Revenues in the said United4Company, the net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods at Home, with the Duties and Allowances arising by Private Trade, and all the Commercial Profits and other Receipts of the said Company in Great Britain, shall be applied and disposed of in manner following; that is to fay, First, in providing for the Payment of Bills of Exchange already accepted and hereafter to be accepted by the (aid Company, as the fame shall become due ; Secondly, in providing for the Current Payment of other Debts (the Principal of the Bond Debt in England always excepted) as well as Interect, and the Commercial Outgoings, Charges and Expences of the said Company; Thirdly, in Payment oF a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the present or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company for and during fnch time as a certain Fund of the said Company hereinafter mentioned, called * The Company's Separate Fund,' shall be fuffident to pay a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Pounds per Annum on the present or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and when

and

A.D.i8i3>

53' GEO. HL

C.155.

7a3

and so soon as the said last mentioned Fund shall be exhausted,

then in Payment of a Dividend at the Rate of Ten Pounds Ten

Shillings per Centum per Annum on the then existing or future Capital

Stock of the said Company; provided that no greater Dividend shall be

paid in the Whole, in any One Year, than at the said Rate of Ten

Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upon the present or

future Capital Stock of the said Company : Fourthly, in Reduction of jn Reduction of

the Principal of the Debt in the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, or Indian Debt, or

of the Bond Debt at Home, as the said Court of Dire&ors, with the Bond Debt at

Approbation of the said Board of Commifiioners, shall from time to tlome*

time direct ; any A6t or A6U of Parliament to the contrary not-

withftanding.

4 LVIII. And whereas it is not reasonable that the Company's Home Profit*

* Commercial Profits should be liable annually to the Payment in °ot 4 Europe of Territorial Charges, till the said Dividend, after the charge,till *f-€ Rate of Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum ter Dividend € shall have been paid and discharged Be it therefore provided provided for; and enacted. That the net Proceeds of the Sales of Goods, and except to Bills other Commercial Profits of the Company in Great Britain as afore- Value re” said, shall not be liable to the Liquidation of any Charge on account ceive<i \n India, of the Territorial or Political Government of India payable in and to Intereft England, or of any Bills of Exchange or Certificates drawn on and Sinking account of the Territorial or Political Charge in India9 till after Fund on Loan the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the said Company shall first puyfc*'0 Com-have been provided for; excepting always such Bills and Certificates pany. for the Amount of which Value shall have been previously paid in India from the Territorial or Political Funds, and Confignments or Remittances made thereof to England, for the Liquidation of the said Bills and Certificates; excepting likewise the Amount of the Intereft and Sinking Fund on the Loan advanced by the Public to the said Company, as provided in an A& patted in the Fifty second 0.3. c.135* Year of His pretent Majesty, intituled An A8 for advancing Two § 7,8. millions Jive hundred thousand Pounds to the East India Company 9 to enable them to d\J'charge Part of the East Indian Debt (a) j which said Intereft and Sinking Fund shall nevertheless continue to be deemed a Territorial Qharge, and shall be accounted for as such out of the Produce of the Revenues of India : Provided also, that if Home Fund in case sufficient Funds shall not remain in the Hands of the said insufficient after Company after Payment of the Dividend, to discharge all such Bills Dividend to dif-as shall be drawn for the Intereft of any Loan in India9 under Con- ^awnforfote ditions now subsisting, or which may be contracted at any time before rc^ Df exiiimg* the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Indian Debt, entitling the Holders of such Loan to receive Bills on the said Deficiency paid Company for the Payment of the Intereft thereof, the Refidue of as Foment such Bills, so long as such Intereft may be demandable in England9 Monic?rcccived shall be discharged in such manner as Parliament shall from time to at Home^n time direct: Provided also, that if any Monies shall be received into Credit of Bills the Treasury of the Company at Home upon the Credit of Bills to drawn on Ter-be drawn upon the Company's Territorial or Political Funds Abroad, htorul Funds or or in Liquidation of Bills of Exchange remitted, or of any other Security for Advances made in India from the laid Territorial or Payment of Political Funds, or of any Advances made from such Funds on liable Territorial

(a) [The Words in the Title of ^a G. 3. c. 135. are 44 Indian

Account

Debt

Deficiency of Commercial Profits at Home in any Year for Dividend, made good out of Surplus Territorial Revenues*

Application of Surplus of Territorial Revenues, and Home Profits.

In Repayment of Capital of Public Funds created for Company; further Surplus paid into Exchequer, to be a GuaranteeFund, not exceeding Twelve Millions ; for Capital Stock and Dividends, 8c c. One Sixth of Excefs to be Company’s and remaining Five Sixths to the Public.

If Debts after Reduction be again increased beyond certain Suras, Reduction again to take place.

C. 15$.	53®	GEO.	III.	A'JD.1813.

Account of His Majefty’s Government or on any other Account, the said Monies shall be fet apart and applied to defray the Territorial or Political Charges to which the said Company is liable in Europe ; and the Excefs of such Funds shall be subject to such further Appropriations as the Territorial Revenues are liable to by virtue of this Aft: Provided also, that in the Event of the Commercial Profits of the said Company at Home being insufficient in any Year fully to defray the said Dividend, it shall and may be lawful to make good any such Deficiency out of any Surplus Revenue that may have arisen in the preceding Year of Account out of the Territorial Revenues, after the Payment of all Charges, Intereft of Debt included.

L1X. And be k further enacted, That when the Principal Debt of the said United Company, bearing Intereft in India, shall have been reduced to the Sum of Ten Millions of Pounds Sterling, calculated at the Exchange of Two Shillings for the Bengal Current Rupee, Eight Shillings for the Madras Pagoda, and Two Shillings and Three pence for the Bombay Rupee, and the Bonded Debt in Great Britain shall have been reduced to the Sum of Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, then, and thereafter the Surplus Proceeds, which shall be found to arise from the said Rents, Revenues and Profits of the said Territorial Acquifitions, and from Sales of the Goods, and the Profits of the Trade of the said Company, or in any other manner, after providing for the Payments aforesaid, shall be applied to the more speedy Repayment of the Capital of any Public Funds or Securities, which have been pr may be created for the Ufe of the said Company, the Charges of which have been or may be direftni to be borne by the said Company, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament; and that any further Surplus that may arise shall be fet apart, and from time to time paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament shall direct, without Intereft to be paid to the Company in respect or for the Ufe thereof 5 but nevertheless it is hereby declared that all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer as aforesaid, not exceeding Twelve Millions of Pounds Sterling, shall be deemed and taken to be a Fund for feauring to the said United Company the Capital Stock of the said United Company, and aHo a Dividend at the Rate of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings "per Cewtwn fer jlnnum in respect thereof; and of the Excefs of such Payments, if any, beyond the said Amount of Twelve Millions of Pounds Sterling, One sixth Part shall from time to time be referred and retained by the said United Company for their own Ufe and Benefit, and the remaining Five sixth Parts shall be deemed and shall be the Property of the Public, and at the Difpofal of Parliament.

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Debts of the said Company in fndia, after the fame shall have been reduced to Ten Millions of Pounds Sterling, calculated as aforesaid, shall be again increased beyond that Amount, or if their Bond Debt in Great Britain, after the fame shall have been reduced to Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, shall be again increased beyond that Sum, then and so often as either of thole cases shall happen, such Surplus Proceeds shall be appropriated to the Reduftion of the said new Debts respectively, until the whole of the Debts of the said Company in India shall be again reduced to Ten Millions of Pounds

Sterling,

7°5

A.D. 1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C. 155.

Sterling, calculated as aforesaid, and their Bond Debt in Great Britain, to Three Millions of Pounds Sterling; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it farther enacted, That so much of the faid	Aft	33	G. 3.	c.	52.

of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of	His	$ ln*	1,1	V**1

present Majesty, as relates to the Payment of a Sum, not exceeding rePe,ie rive hundred thousand Pounds in every Year, into the Receipt of His Maiefty's Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament shall direct, or to the Recovery from the said United Company, or their Suc-ceffors, by Aftion or otherwise, of such Money, in case of Failure of the said United Company or their Succeflors, in any Payment thereof, or to the Payment into the Bank of England, of Money to be placed to the Account of the Commiffiotiers appointed by the Aft passed in the Twenty sixth Year pf His Majefty’s Reign, *6G.3. cjt. intituled An Ad for vesting certain Sums in Commiftioners at the	End

of every Quarter of a Tear, to he hy them applied in ReduQion of the National Debt, or to an Account to be raised and kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be intituled

*	The Account of the Guarantee Fund of the United Company of

*	Merchants of England trading to the East Indiesor to the faid

*	Guarantee Fund, or to an Account to be made by the said Governor and Company of the Bank'of England, of or relating thereto,

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

* LXII. And whereas by the said Aft of the Parliament of 33^-3-ci*-€ Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, * I24*

*	taking Notice of a certain Fund, therein called ‘ The Company's

* Separate Fund,' it was enacted, that after Payment should be

* made by the said Company into His Majefty’s Exchequer, of

*	certain Inftalments (which said Payments were duly made), it

*	fhould be lawful for the said Company, out of the said Separate M Fund, and the Intereft or growing Income thereof, to make

*	and declare a Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum per Anhufn 4 on the then present or any future Amount of their Capital Stock,

*	which said Dividend or Dividends should be paid and payable by 4 the said Company, over and above any other Dividends which

*	fhould become due in respect thereof; and that after the Expira-4 tion of the further Term by the said Aft granted in their exclu-4 five Trade, it should be lawful for the said Company to retain 4 and dispose of what should then remain of the said Company’s 4 Separate Fund, or of the Monies constituting the fame, and the ‘ Interell or other annual Proceeds thereof, in uich manner as they 4 should then think fit: And whereas by a certain other Aft mams

4 in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An 37 G.j.c. 31.

*	Ad to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further 4 increasing their Capital Stocky and to extend the Provisions now 4 exijling, respecting the present Stock of the said Company, to the said 4 inertafed Stock ; after reciting, that the Payment of their said 4 Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum to the Proprietors of the iri-4 creased Stock, to be raised by virtue of the said last mentioned 4 Aft, out of the said Separate Fund, as in the said recited Aft 4 of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’S Reign is mentioned,

4 would exhaust the fame long before the Expiration of the then 4 existing Term in the said exclusive Trade, it was ehacted, for

4 the Reafons therein mentioned, that the laid Dividend of Ten 1 9.

53 Gbo. III.	Z	z	4 Shillings

C^

70(5

C.I5S-

53* GEO. III.

A.D. rtt$.

A Dividend of Ten Shillings per Cent, paid out of Serrate Fund \ill ex-luufted.

*	Shillings ter Centum* which under the Authority of the (aid

*	Adi of the Thirty third Year of Hi3 present Majesty would 4 be payable to the Proprietors of the said increased Stock out of

*	the said Separate Fund, Ihould be paid to them out of the annual 4 Profits of the said Company, in the fame manner and at the fame 4 times as the Dividend of Ten Pounds per Centum* in the (aid

*	Ad mentioned, was to be paid to the Proprietors of the Stock 4 of the said Company, and for that Purpofe a Sum equal to the 4 Amount of such Dividends should From time to time be debited to 4 the annual Account, as a Charge on the said Trade, and carried

*	to the Account of the said Separate Fund: And whereas the 4 said Company have not increased their Capital Stock purfuart 4 to the Authority and Power given to them by the said Ad ot 4 the Thirty seventh Year of His said Majelly’s Reign: And

*	whereas the said Separate Fund is ft ill sufficient to pay the laid 4 Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum* upon the prefent

*	Capital Stock of the said Company for a certain time, but not 4 sufficient to pay such Dividend upon the said present Capital 4 Stock during the whole of the further Term by this Ad granted

to the said United Company, in the said Territorial PofTeflions and

*	Revenues Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this A6l, there shall be paid out of the said Separate Fund a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Shillings ter Centum ftr Annum, on the present or any future Amount of the said Capita] Stock of the said Company, for and during such time as the laid Separate Fund shall be sufficient for that Purpofe ; and when the said Separate Fund shall become inefficient for the Payment of the whole of the said Dividend, so much as shall remain of the said Separate Fund shall be paid and applied towards the Payment of such Dividend of Ten Shillings, and the Refiduc of such Dividend shall be paid out of the Net Proceeds of the said Company’s Profit* fin the manner hereinbefore mentioned; any thing ir\ the said Ad of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, or any Aft, .Matter or Thing to the contrary not with (landing.

LXIII. And be it further enabled, That so much of the said Ad of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as direct* that the said Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upoi the increased Stock, to be railed by virtue of the said lad mentioned Ad, shall be paid out of the annual Profits of the said Company, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed*

. LX1V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this A61, the said Court of Diredors of the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to direct and order that kept of Territo- the Books of Account of the said Company at their several Prcfr-r:al, Political and dencies and Settlements in India, at their Fadtory in China* at the * Ifland of Saint Helena, and in all other Places, as well Abroad as in England* be so kept and arranged, as that the fame shall contain and exhibit the Receipts, Dilburfement6, Debts and AfTets appertaining to or connedcd with the Territorial, Political and Commercial Branches of their Affairs rcfpe&ively; and that the fame shall be made up in such manner, that the said Books shall contain and exhibit the Accounts of the Territorial and Political Departments separately and diflindly from such as appertain to or arc conned ed with the Commercial Branch of their Affairs; and jhe a	fcd

37 G. 3. c. 31 § 9. in part repealed.

Directors to or der did in 61 Ac counts to be

fubmit a Plan for such an Arrangement of their Accounts, to Board, for Approbation.

L^OOQLe

A.D.1813.

53eG£O.III.

C 155.

said Court of Dire&ors arc hereby required, forthwith, after the pafling of this A61, to prepare a Plan for an Arrangement of the Accounts of the said Company in the manner aforesaid, and to submit the fame to the said Board of Commifiioners for the Affairs of India, for their Approbation ; and it shall be lawful for the said Board of Commifiioners from time to time to make such Alterations and Amendments therein, and such Additions thereto, as they shall think fit; which said Plan, so approved, altered, amended or added to, by the said Board of Commifiioners, the said Court of Directors shall direct and order to be carried into Execution.

LXV. And be it further enabled. That the several Accounts required by the said A6t of the Parliament of Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His present Majessy, to be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament, shall be henceforth prepared and arranged in conformity to the Principles of Separation hereinbefore directed, of the Territorial and Political Branch from the Commercial Branch of the Affairs of the said United Company.

LXVI. And be' it further enafled. That, from and after the palling of this A&, the said Court of Directors shall annually lay before both Houfes of Parliament, together with the Accounts directed by the said A61 of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and by this A£t, to be laid before the said Houfes by the said Court, One Copy of all the Regulations made by their several Governments in India% and transmitted to them under and in purfuar.ee of an A& made in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An Act for the better Adminijlration of Juflicc at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay ; and for preventing British Suljefts from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India; and also of a certain other A61, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His said Majessy, "intituled An Aft for ejlablijhing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better A dminijl ration of Jujiice within the fame ; and also of a certain other Adi, made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majelly’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay; for the Regulation of Public B links.; and for amending so much of an Aft, passed in the Thirty third Tear of His present Majesty, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of the Fall India Company may be employed in their Service abroad.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Cuftom9 and Duties of Export and Import, which shall be charged in tl>e East Indies or other Places under the Government of the said Company, upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of or belonging to the said Company, shall be charged in the Books of Account of the said Company to the Debit of the Commercial Branch of their Affairs; and all such Rates, Cuftoms and Duties*which shall be so charged upon any Goods, Waves or Merchandize of or belonging to the laid Company, or which shall be received by the said Company in the East Indies or Parts aforesaid, upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of any Private Mereliant, Trader or other Person, shall be placed in the Books of Account of the said Company, to the Credit of the Territorial Revenues of the said Company; and all such Rates, Cuftoms and Duti?st so placed to she CvMit of the Territorial Revenues of the said. Company, shall be deemed

Z z 2	~	and

Principle attended to in Accounts laid before Parliament.

33 0.3.052.

§ 126.

Copies of Regulations abroad, made under 33 O.3. c.52.

§ 126.

laid annually with Accounts before Parliament.

37 O.3. c. 142*

§8.

39 *c 40 G. 3. c. 79. § 23.

47 G 3- SefT.l. c. 68. k t.

Duties in India 0:1 Goods of Company debited to Commerce ; and 10-gether with Dunes 011 Privates . Trade Goods considered as 'Territorial Re-venue, nrd lub-je<H to Conti oul of BoarJ.

7o»

C.i

53“ GEO. IH.

A.D.1S13.

Board to have Controul over

vcnuet, except Sum* issued in India to make good Home Payments on account of Territorial Charges, or of Loans in India, dec.

53 O.j. c.ja.

Court of Direc-

and taken to be Part of fuck Territorial Revenues, and shall be subject to the Controul of the said Board of Commiffionere, in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Part of such Territorial Revenues.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Board of Com-miffioners for the Affairs of Inch* shall, by force and virtue of this ^Appropriation of Ad, have and be invested with full Power and Authority to fuper-ermortal e- jntend, direct and controul all Orders and Initru&ions whatsoever, which in any wife relate to or concern the Amount of Appropriation to any Investment, or other Commercial Purposes, of any Part of the Revenues of the said Territories or Acquifitions in the Ea/l Indus or Parts aforesaid, other than and except such Sum as by this Ad is directed to be issued in India for the Purpofe of making good from the Indian Revenues, Payments to be made at Home on account of Territorial Charges; or of any Monies arising from apy Loan raised or to be raised in the East Indies, or of any Securities issued or to be issued by any of the Governments of the said Company, in the fame manner to all Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to all such and the like Regulations and Provisions, as if the said Orders or Itiftrudions immediately related to and concerned the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Territories or Acquifitions ; any thing in the said first mentioned Aft of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, or of any other Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

__________________ LXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Court of Dire&on

tars to deliver to of the said Company shall, and they are hereby required from time Board Copies of to time to deliver to the said Board, Copies of all Minutes, Orders, Resolutions and Proceedings of all Courts of Proprietors, General received, relating or Special, and of all Courts of Diredors, within Eight Days to Appropriation after the holding of such Courts respectively ; and also Copies of of Revenue and all Letters, Advices and Difpatches, which shall at any time or times be received by the said Court of Diredors, or any Committee of Diredors, from the East Indies, or from any other of their Settlements or Fadories within the Limits of their Charter, or from soy of the Servants of the said United Company stationed at Saint Helena Buffora, Sne%, Aleppo, or other Parts beyond the Seas, in any wife relating to or concerning the Appropriation to any Investment, or other Commercial Purposes, of any Part of the Revenues of the (aid Territories or Acquifitions, or of any Monies arising from any Loan raised or to be raised in the East Indies, or of any Securities issued or to be issued by any of the Governments of the said Company, immediately after the Arrival and Receipt thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Orders or Inftru&ont whatever relating to the Appropriation to any Inveftment or other Commercial Purpofe whatsoever, of any Part of the Revenues of the (aid Territories or Acquifitions in the Ea/l Indies, or of any Monies arising from any Loan raised or to De raised in the East Indies, or of any Securities issued or to ;he-«ffued by any of the Governments of die said Company, shall be at any time, feot or given to any of the Governments or Settlements in the Eqfi Indies by the Court of Diredors of the said United Company, or by any Committee of the said Diredors, until the fame shall have been fub-mitted to the Confideration of, and approved by the laid Board; and for that Purpose, that Copies of all Orders and Inftrudions which

Loons to Inveft-

No Difpatches relative thereto, font to India, till approved by Board.

'N

A.D. 1813.

530 GEO. III.

C.ij*	709

the said Court of Dire&ors, or any Committee of the (aid DireSora shall propose to be sent to the Eafi India, shall be by them pre-vioufly laid before the said Board ; and that after the Receipt of such proposed Difpatches, the said Board shall, with all reasonable Difpatch, not exceeding Two Months, return the fame to the said Court of Dire&ors, or Committee of Directors, either with their Approbation thereof, certified under the Hand of the Chief or Alfiflant Secretary to the said Board by the Order of the said Board, or if the said Board shall disapprove, alter or vary in Subftance any of such proposed Orders or Inftrudions,in every such case the said Board shall give to the said Directors in Writing under the Hand of the Chief or Afiiflant Secretary of the said Board, by Order of the said Board, their Reafons at large in rcfpedl thereof, together with their Inftruc-tions to the said Directors in relation thereto ; and that the said Dire&ors shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to dispatch and fend the Letters, Orders and Inflrudlions, in the Form approved by the said Board, to the proper Government or Officers m the Eafi Indus, without further Oclay, unless, on any Representation made to them by the said Directors, the said Board shall order any Alterations to be made therein ; and that the said Dire&ors shall and they are hereby required to pay Obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by such Orders and Inftru&ions as they shall from time to time receive from the said Board of Commiflioners, touching or concerning such Appropriation, according to the Tenor and true Intent of this A&.

* LXXI. And whereas it is provided by the said Adi of the Par- 33 G. 3. c. 52^

*	liament of Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His Maiefty'S Iia*

*	Reign, that Copies of all Orders and Inftrudtions which th*

1 Court of Diredtors, or any Committee of the Court of Dire&or*

‘ of the said Company shall propose to be sent to India, shall be by

*	them previously laid before the said Board, and that within the 4 Space of Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such proposed Dif-

*	patches, the said Board shall return the fame to the said Court of

*	Diredlors, or Committee of Diredtors, in the manner directed by r the said Adi: And whereas the said Limitation of Fourteen Days

*	for the Return of such proposed Difpatches may be found incon-

4 venient ;* Be it therefore enadfed. That so much of the said Adi Initeid of being of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as requires such hinued to 14 proposed Dilpatches to be returned by the said Board within Four-teen Days, mall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, Difpatchet with* from and after the palling of this Adi, it shall be sufficient for the in Two Months, said Board to return all (uch proposed Difpatches to the said Court of Diredlors, or Committee of the said Court of Diredlors, and the laid Board is hereby required to return the fame, with all reasonable Difpatch, not exceeding Two Months.

4 LXXI I. And whereas it is required by the said Adi of the 33	3*	c*5*»

*	Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Ma- $ xa*

*	jelly’s Reign, that various Proceedings of the said Board of Com-

*	miflioners should be signed by the Chief Secretary to the faid

*	BoardBe it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Proceedings of Afi, all Proceedings of the said Board, to which the Signature of

the said Chief Secretary is now by Law required, may be signed STfcSwjT cither by such Chief Secretary or by the Aifiitaut Secretary to the said Board ; any Aft, Matter or Thing to the eontrary notwithstanding.

Z * 3

LXXIIl. And

,71 o

Secret Comr it-tee nor to dil-rfofe l);,pntc! es lent fi t m Prefi-deucies »tin;ive to War, Sec. tmtil authorized F'v Board of Commiffioneis.

Secret Committee to tnkc following Oath; in*)cad of Oath

** 33 {'-3- c.52.

§ 30.

Oath.

New Oath of Secrecy tiken by Persons cm-ployed in preparing or rtan-Icribing SeCiet O il patches.

33 O.3. c. 52.

CV 15$.	.53	GEO. III.	A.D.1S13.

LXXIII.V And be it further enacted, That, from and after tlit .palling of this Adl» where any of the Governments or Prefidencies in the East Indies or Parts aforesaid shall, under the Provilions of the said iirft mentioned Adi of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, address any Difpatches to the Secret Committee of Diredlors of the said United Company, for the Infpedlion of such Committee the said Secret Committee of Directors shall not disclose or make known the Contents of any such Difpatches which relate lo the levying of War or the making of Peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the Native Princes or States of the Etijl Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, until they shall be authorized by the Board of Cornmiflioners for the Affairs of India so to do.

LXXIV. And be it further enaclcd, That instead of the Oath by the said Ad of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, required to be taken by the fevenl Directors who shall from time to time be appointed a Secret Committee, they shall take an Oath of the Tenor following j that is to fay,

4 t A. B. do swear, That I will, according to the best of my 4 * Skill and Judgment, faithfully execute the several Truth ar.d 4 Powers reposed in me as a Member of the Secret Comra:it:e,

4 appointed by the Court of Diredlors of the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies; I will not 4 disclose or make known any of the Secret Orders or Inftruttionj 4 which shall be given, communicated or transmitted to the said 4 Committee by the Cornmiflioners for the Affairs of Indian nor any 4 Difpatches communicated or transmitted to the said Committee 4 by any of the Governments or Prefidencies in India9 which relate 4 to the levying of War or the making of Peace, or treating or 4 ncgociating with any of the Native Piincis or States of the Ecf 4 Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the said Company’*

4 Charter, save only to the other Members of the said Secret Com-4 mittec, or to the Person or Persons who shall be duly nominated * and employed in tranferibing or preparing the fame refpedlivcly,

4 unless I shall be authorized by the said Cornmiflioners to disclose 4 and make known the fame.	So help me GOD.*

LXXV. And be it further enabled, That the Secretary of the said Court of Directors, or the Examiner of Indian Correspondence, or any other Person employed by the Secret Committee, in preparing or tranferibing any Secret Difpatches, Orders or lull ructions, required to be transmitted by them to /ndia9 under the Direction of the said Adi of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or any Secret Difpatches received from the Governments or Prefidencies in the Ea/l Indies or Parte . aforesaid, shall, before they respectively enter upon that Duty, take and subscribe, before any of the Members of the said Secret Committee, an Oath of Secrecy, as near unto the Tenor and Form of the Oath hereinbefore provided and directed to be taken by the Members of the said Secret Committee, as the case will admit, in such manner as by the fame Adi of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty is required, in regard to the Oath thereby directed to be taken by Persons employed in preparing and tranferibing Secret Difpatches intended to be sent to India.

^	LXXVI.	And

A.D.i8i3-	53°	GEO.	III.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in the Oath prescribed Title of Aft into be taken by the Directors of the said Company, after their Eleftion ’ferttdin D«rec-by the said Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty lor*Path’as by third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, the Year and Title of this Aft	C*’52*	.

/hall be inserted, in dead of the Year and Title of the said Aft of the 5 Thirty third of His Majelty’s Reign.

* LXXVI I. And whereas by the Charter of Incorporation of the 9 & 10 W. 3.

4 said United Company, granted under the Authority of an A A c-44*

4 pa fled in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of His late

*	Majefty King William the Third, intituled An AS for raising a 4 Sum not exceeding Tavo Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of An-

*	nuities after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and 4 for fatting the Trade to the East Indies, it is ordered and appointed,

*	that in alt cases where there shall be an Equality or equal Number 4 of Votes in any General Court, or in any Court of Directors 4 to be holden as aforesaid, the Matter shall be determined by 4 Lets, which the Treasurer for the said Company /hall cause to 4 be prepared and drawn for that Purpofe : And whereas it is 4 expedient that such mode of Decifion should be no longer con-

4 tinued Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing In cases of Eqtis-©f this Aft, no Queftion in any such General Court, or Court of l>ty of Votes in Directors, shall be carried otherwise than by a Majority of Votes ;	of^*

and in all cases of an Equality of Votes upon any Queftion put in any D*,rt^ors, Quef- -fuch General Court or Court of Directors, such Equality shall be tj0ns considered deemed and taken to operate as a Rejeftion of the Motion or Propofi- as rejected,e«-tion on which such Queftion shall have been so put: Provided always, cePl in cases that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend JandWatesfor to cases of Eleftion of any Person to any Office or Place where there Qffice which are shall be more than One Candidate for such Office or Place, but that ft,11 to be deter-in all such cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes in favour rained by Lcl of any Two or more Candictates, such Eleftion may be determined by Lot, in manner directed by the said Charter; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI 11. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Board may re-pafiing of this Aft, the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, or <lu,'c Accounts, any of the Officers of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of statements'^ India, by the Order and Authority of the said Board, shall not only prepared by have free Accefs to the Books, Papers, Letters of Correspondence, Director Cvidences and other Records of the said Company, and be assisted in their Searches for the fame, and furnished with Copies or Extracts, in tHe manner prescribed by the said Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, but shall 33 G. 3. c.52. and may call for, and direct to be prepared, all such Accounts, State- § 10-ments and Abftracts, relating to the Affairs of the said Company as the said Board shall think fit; and the said Court of Direftors /hall, with all reasonable Difpatch, cause to be prepared and tranf-mitted to the said Board, all such Accounts, Statements and Ab-(bafts, as the said Board shall so direct to be prepared.

4 LXXIX. And whereas by the said Aft of the Parliament of 33 0-3* c*5*

4 Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

4 it is enacted, that the several Orders and Proceedings qf the Pre-4 fidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay, fhonld 4 4 previously to their being published and put in ExeCutiou, be signed 4 by the Chief Secretary to the Council of the Presidency, by the

.	Z	z	4	4	Authority

C.155.	711

proceedings *t Vrefidenries ffgned by Principal Secretary of Department in Abfencc of Chief Secretary.

Vacancies of Governors, and Commanders in Chies, filled up by Court of Directors, lu!>-je£t ta His Majetfy’s Approbation. Provifo for Right of Directors to recal.

Vacancies in India (with Exceptions) not tiipphed hv Dir rectors without Approbation of Board.

35^3 c 5?. §57.

C. 15 j.	S30 GEO. in.	A.D.1813.

*	Authority of the Governor General in Couneil, or Governors m

*	Couneil, as the case may be: And whereas Inconvenience mar 4 arise to the Public Service, unless some other Person, besides fuch

*	Chief Secretary, be authorized to sign such Orders and Proceedings;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That all such Orders and Proceedings of the several Governments and Prefidencies in the Eafl Indies, aad Parts aforesaid, shall or may, previously to their being published or pot in Execution, be signed in manner aforesaid, either by the Chief Secretary to the Government of the said Presidency, or in the Abfence of such Chief Secretary, by the Principal Secretary of the Department of such Prefidency to which such Orders and Proceedings relate ; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXa. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, all Vacancies which shall happen in the Office of Governor General of Fort William, or of Governor of either of the Company’s Prefidencies or Settlements of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of Governor of the Forts and Garrifons of Fort Wilium, Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, or of any Provincial Commander in Chief of the Forces there, shall be filled up and supplied by the Court of Directors of the said United Company; subject nevertheless to the Approbation of His Majessy, to be fignihed in Writing under his Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the President of the Board of Com-raiffioners for the Affairs of India : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exteud, or be construed to extend, to takeaway or affect the Power of the said Court of Directors, to remove or rtcal any such Governor General, Governor or Commander in Chies; hot the said Court shall and may at all times have full Liberty to remow, recal aud dismiss any such Governor General, Governor or Commander in Chies, at their Will aud Pleasure, in like manner as if this Ad had not been made.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall not be lawful for the said Court of Directors, either provisionally or otherwise, to nominate or appoint any Person to succeed to any Office or Employment in the Civil or Military Effablifhments of the said Company in the Eafi Indies, or Parts aforesaid, without the Approbation of the said Board of Com* miffioners, other than and except as aforesaid : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder the said Court of Direftors from nominating or appointing absolutely or provifiooaUy such Persons as they may think fit to the Offices of Member of Couneil, General Officer on the Stass, Advocate and Attorney General, Attorney at Law of the said Company, or Chaplain at the several Prefidencies or Settlements, or to any Offices or Employments in the Civil or Marine Eflablifhments of tne said Company, which may be and usually have been supplied by Persons not having been covenanted Servants of the said Company previously to their Nominations or Appointments, nor to prevent the said Court of Direftors from nominating or appointing Writers, Cadets or Affiflant Surgeon, in such manner as they have heretofore been used or accustomed to, do.

4 LXXXIL And whereas a strict Adherence to the Prorifions 4 fontained in the said Aft made in the Thirty third Year of His 1 prefeat Majeitj’e Reign, in respect to the filling up and fupptying

* Vacancies

7^3

A,D'i8i3~

530 GEO. UI.

4 Vacancies in the Civil Service of the (aid Company has been found 4 impracticable, without Detriment to the Public Service, or Injury

•	to the just Claims and meritorious Exertions of Individuals : And 4 whereas a Modification of the laid Aft has been in part adopted

•	in the Aft of the Forty seventh of His present Majesty, relative

•	to the Scholars educated at Hertford Coliege;* Be it therefore Periods of Serenacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, any Office, vice neceflkry for Place or Employment, the Salary and Perquifites whereof (hall

exceed the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, may be granted to and modified . a$to conferred upon the said Servants who shall have been actually resident Places of more in India in the said Company’s Service for the Space of Four Years than 1*500!. at the least in the whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the l*r Ami. Salary, Perquifites and Emoluments of any Office, Place or Employ- c?6? § 7^ ** raent, #(hall exceed the Sum of Three thousand Pounds per Annum9 piaCe, Qf more such Office may he conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall than 3,cooL per have been actually resident in India Seven Years at least in the whole ; Ann. and if the Salary, Perquifites and Emoluments of any Office, Place Maces of more or Employment, shall exceed Four thousand Pounds per Annum, such 1 cfn Office, including that of the Couneil, may be granted to or conferred [including the upon any of the said Servants who shall have been actually resident in Council)

India in the Company’s Service for the Space of ten Years at the least in the whole.

4 LXXXIII. And whereas by a certain Aft, made in the Fifty S1 G. 3. c*75*

4. first Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for making S*

4 further Provifion for the Payment of Salaries, and other Charges in 4 the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and for en-4 ahling the East India Company to refloreto the Service of the said Com-4 pany9 Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts 4 Martial; and to authorize the said Company, in cases of unforeseen 4 Emergency, to take up Ships bp private ContraS; it was declared and

•	enacted, that it was lawful for the Court of Direftors of the 4 said United Company, to restore to the Service of the said Com-

•	pany, any Military Officer who should have been or should be dif-4 miffed or suspended therefrom by the Sentence of a Court Martial,

4 provided that no such Reftoration should be in any ways valid or 4 effectual, without the Approbation and Confent of the Board of 4 Commissioners for the Affairs of India9 for that Purpofe had and 4 obtained: And whereas it is expedient that the Reftoration by 4 the said Court of Direftors to the Service of the said Company, of 4 such of the (aid Company’s Servants, Civil and Military, as shall be 4 suspended by the Authority of any of the Governments or Prefi*

4 dencies of the said Compaoy in India9 and also that the Reftoration 4 to their former Stations of Officers Civil and Military, removed by 4 the like Authority, should be subject to the like Approbation and 4 Confent of the (aid Board of CommiffionersBe it therefore

further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, no Reftoration of Reftoration by the said Court of Directors, to the Service of the said Servant*, Cirff Company, of any Servant of the said Company, Civil or Military, and Military, who shall have been suspended by the Authority of any of the	***

said Company’s Governments or Prtfidencies in the East Indies, or Government! Parts aforesaid; and no Reftoration by the said Court of Direftors abroad, not val:d to his Station, Office or Employment in the Service of the said without Confent Company of any Officer of the said Company, Civil or Military, who shall have been removed therefrom by the like Authority, shall be valid

or

7U

.13 0.3. c .51. i 70-

Certain Officers may return to India, after Five Year* Abfence, with Content of Dire&ors and Board, though Abfence not occaHoned by Sicknels, ficc.

Reftored Civil {servants to take Precedence according to Seniority at time of Depaiturc from India,

33 G.3. C.KZ.

U6.

C. 155.	53"	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

or effectual, without the Approbation and Confent of the laid Board of Commifiioners, for that Purpofe first had and obtained.

4 LXXXIV. And whereas by the said Aft of the Parliament of

*	Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, 4 it is enacted, that no Person who shall hold a Military Station in

*	the Service of the said Company, being under the Rank of Com-

*	mander in Chief of the Foroes, and who having departed from

*	India by Leave of the Governor General in Couneil, or Governor

*	in Couucil, shall not return to India within Five Years next after

*	fuch Departure, shall be entitled to any Rank, or be capable of 4 again serving in India, either in the European or Native Corps

*	of Troops, nnlefs it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the

*	faid Court of Directors, and the Board of Commifiioners for the

*	Affairs of India, that such Abfence was occasioned by Sifknefi 4 or Infirmity, or some inevitable Accident: And whereas Incon-4 veniencc to the Military Service of the said Company has been 4 found lo arise, in certain cases, from the said ProviiionBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners, to permit any Military Officer, being of the Rank of a General Officer or Colonel commanding a Regiment, or being a Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of a Regiment, who, having departed from India with such Leave as aforesaid, shall not hare returned to India within Five Years from the time of such Departure, to have his Rank and to be capable of again serving in India, although such Abfence may not have been occasioned by Sicknefs or Infirmity, or any inevitable Accident 5 any thing io the said Aft contained to the contrary not with Handing.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Person having held any Civil Station- in India, in the Service of the said Company, and having departed from India by Leave of the Governor General in Couneil, or Governor in Couneil, shall be restored to the said Company’s Service, after an Abfence of Five Years from the time of such Departure, such Person from and after such Reftoration, shall take Rank and Precedence only according to the time he shall have passed in the Service of the said Company at the Period of his Departure from India; and on his Return to India, if any other Civil Servant or Servants at the Settlement to which he shall belong, shall have then passed a greater or the like Length of time in the Service of the said Company, as the Person so reltored had passed when he left India9 the Person so restored shall be placed and take Rank immediately below such other Civil Servant or Servants ; any Matter or Thing to the contrary not with Handing.

4 LXXXVI. And whereas by the said Aft of the Parliament of 4 Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His present Majefty’s 4 Reign, it is enacted, that all the Civil Servants of the said United 4 Company in India, under the Rank or Degree of Member of 4 Couneil, fhaU have and be entitled to Precedence in the Service 4 of the said Company at their respective Stations according to the 4 Seniority of their Appointment: And whereas the several Govem-4 ments of the said Company arc often prevented from appointing 4 meritorious Servants of the said Company to be Members of Courts, 1 Boards and other official Eftablifhments, where Offices or Employ-4 ments are ejtercifed by several Servants of the said Company col-,	4	ledivcly

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.ij5.

ilS

4 leftively, left by such Appointment One or more Members of fucli 4 Court, Board or other Eftablifhment should be superseded Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Governor Servants General or Governor in Council of the said Company, if he shall think proper, upon Application in Writing for that Purpofe by any B^^Courts Civil Servant of the said Company desirous of being appointed a or other official Member of any such Court, Board or other Eftablifhraent, by special Eftablithments, Order to direct that such Servant of the said Company, on being thoiuh they do appointed to any Office or Employment in any such Court, Board or "ot talce Pr*cc' other Eftablifhment, shall take Precedence at or in such Court, Board to Seniority of5 or other Eftablifhment, according to the Seniority of hi6 Appointment Services, as a Member of such Court, Board or other Eftablifhment, although such Civil Servant in respect of whom such Order shall be made may thereby not take Precedence at or in such Court, Board or other Eftablifhment, according to the Seniority of his Appointment to the Service of the said Company; and such Civil Servant shall thereupon take Precedence at such Court, Board or other Eftablifhment accordingly 5 the said Aft or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithftanding

4 LXXXVII. And whereas it is expedient, in the present circum-4 (lances, that the Number of His Majefty’s Foroes, for which 4 Payment should be made out of the Revenues arising jxoin the 4 British Territories and PofTeflions in the East Indies should be afeer-4 tained and fixed ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be law- Payment for ful for the Commifiioners for the Affairs of India to give or approve	Proofs

Orders or Directions, that there shall be paid, defrayed and allowed,	to'cxcced

out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and PofTeflions, 20,000 Men, in respect of His Majefty’s Forces sent or to be sent to the East unl«ft greater * Indies or Parts aforesaid, for the Security of the said Territories and Number lent on PofTeflions, any Sum or Sums of Money, in respect of any greater ^eir Requifition. Number of His Majefty’s Foroes, than shall amount in the whole to Twenty thousand Men, including the Commifiioned and Non Com* miflioned Officers; unless any greater Number of His Majefty’a Forces shall be sent to the East Indies or Parts aforesaid, on the Requifition of the said Court of Direftors ; in which lafl case it (hail and may be lawful for the said Commifiioners to give and approve such Orders and Direftions, for paying, allowing and defraying such Sums as aforesaid, in respect to such additional Forces of His Majesty so to be sent on the Requifition of the said Company.

4 LXXXVIII. And whereas by the said Aft of the Parliament 33 G. 3. c.ja. of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, 5 1 *5-it was enacted, that no Grant or Refolution of the said Company, or their Court of Directors, to be made after the palling of that Aft, and during the Continuance of their Right in the exclusive Trade thereby granted, whereby the Funds of the said Company might become chargeable with any new Salary, or Increaie of Salary, or any new or additional Eftablifhment of Officers or Servants, or any new Pcnfion or Increafe of Penfion, to any one Pcrfon, exceeding Two hundred Pounds per Annum, should be available in Law, unless such Grant or Refolution should be approved and confirmed by the Board of Commifiioners for the Affairs of India, attested under the Hand of the Preiidcnt of the said Board : And whereas, for further protefting the Funds of the said Company, during the Coutiiiuauce of the further Term hereby

‘ granted

7i 6

No Gr.ituity above 6ool. tjoxi uniel's confirmed by Board.

Copies of Grants of Annuities Lid before Parliament.

t$ G. 3. c. 63.

f **•

39 & 40 G. 3. «• 79- § 7*

37 G-3- c. 14*. § zo.

repealed. Salaries of Officers.

G.15J.	53*GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

*	granted to the laid Company, it is expedient that the laid Company 4 should be put under reasonable Limitations, in respect to the graat-4 ing of Gratuities ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this A&, it shall not be lawful for the (aid Court of Dirc&ors to charge the Funds of the said Company with the Payment of any Gratuity, to any Officer, Civil or Military, or other Per-fon, exceeding die Sum of Six hundred Pounds, unless the Grant or Refolution for that Purpofe shall have been sanctioned by the Court of Proprietors, and approved and confirmed by the Board of Commif-fioners for the Affairs of India ; and that Copies of all Warrants or Inftruments granting any Salary, Penfion or Gratuity, shall be fub-mitted to both Houfes of Parliament, within One Month after fuck Grant, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if not, within One Month after their then next Meeting.

* LXXXIX. And whereas by a certain A& passed in the Thir-4 teenth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 ftr 4 eflablijhing certain Regulations for the better Management of the 4 Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as ia Europe, it

*	is enacted, that the Salaries of the Governor General and Consol

*	of Fort William, and of the Chief Jufticeand Judges of the Supreme 4 Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, mall take plaoe tad 4 commeuce, in respect to all such Persons who shall be resident ia 4 Great Britain at the time of their Appointment, upon and from 4 the Day on which such Person shall embark from Great Britain; 4 and that the Salaries of all such Persons who shall at the time 0$ 4 their Appointment be resident in India, shall commence from and

*	after their respectively taking upon them the Execution of their 4 Offices: And whereas by an A & passed in the Fortieth Year of 4 His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for efiabli/bingfurther Rego* 4 lations for the Government of the Britifii Territories in India, nmJ 4 the better Adminiftration of Jujlice within the fame, a similar Pro-4. vision ib made in respect to the Salaries of the Chief Juftice aad 4 Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras : Ami 4 whereas by an A& passed in the Thirty seventh Year of Hi»

4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the better Adminifiration of 4 Juj Vice at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, and for preventing Brian 4 Subjeds from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India,

4 a similar Provifion is made in respect to the Salary of the Recorder 4 of the Court of Judicature at Bombay : And whereas no fneb Prori-4 fion has been made respecting the Commencement of the Salaries 4 of the Governor or Council of Fort Saint Georget or of the Gover-4 nor or Council of the Town and Ifiand of Bombay, or of the 4 Governor of Prince of Wales IJlandy or of the Recorder there:

4 And whereas it is expedient that a general and moderate Provtfion 4 should be made in respect of all the said Offices and of otbert who 4 may happen to be in the United Kingdom at the time of their Ap-

*	pointments Be it therefore further enacted. That so much of the said A&s of the Thirteenth, Thirty seventh and Fortieth Years of Hk Majefty’s Reign, as relates to the Commencement of Salaries, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed : And that, from and after the passing of this A&, the Salaries of the several Officers hereinbefore mentioned shall commence from and after their respectively taking upon them the Execution of their Offices ; and the said Court of Dire&ors shall and they are hereby retired to pay and advance to all and Angular

the

7*7

<A.D.i8i3«	53°GEO.	m.	C.iyj.

the Officers and Persons hereinafter mentioned, who shall be resident in the United Kingdom at the time of their respective Appointments, for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of their Equipments and Voyage, such Sums of Money as are fet against the Names of such Officers and Persons respectively ; that is to fay,

TV*2rS^0,.*rt}	•	Five	thoufand	Pounds:

TofCounciltlthere!,nber#} 0ne thousand tw0 hundred Pound3 5 To the Commander in Chief ] m .1 rjc v. j in j of all the Forces in India,} Two thousand five hundredPounds:

To the Chief Juftice of thel

Supreme Court at Fort > One thousand five hundred Pounds:

William, -	J

To each of the Puifne Judges there, - One thousand Pounds :

To the Governor of Fort Saint George, Three thousand Pounds t

To each of the Members of Council there, One thousand Pounds:

To the Commander in Chief there, - Two thousand Pounds :

To the Chief Juftice of the! r\ r j t ,	,	,	0 j

Supreme Court there, j 0ne thousand tw0 hundred PoUnds !

To each of the Puifne Judges there, - One thousand Pounds :

To the Governor of Bombay, Two thousand five hundred Pounds:

To each of the Members of Council there, One thousand Pounds:

To the Commander io Chief] ^	f	c u » r> a

there	l	thoufand	five hundred Pounds 1

To the Recorder there, -	- One thousand Pounds:

^°WafalflandV	thoufand	two hundred Pounds:

To the Recorder there,	-	-	One thousand Pounds :

To the Bishop,	-	One	thoufand	two hundred Pounds:

To each of the Archdeaeons, -	-	Five hundred Pounds.

* XC. And whereas by an Ad passed in the Fifty first Year of 51 ^-3* c> 7S*

*	His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for making further Provifton t for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the 4 Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and for enabling the Ealt

*	India Company to refiore to the Service of the said Company Military 4 Officers removed therefrom by Sentence of Courts Martial, and to au-

*	thorize the said Company in cases of unforeseen Emergency, to take up

4 Ships by Private ContraS, it is enacted, that the whole of the $ **

4 Salaries to be paid to thejMembers of the said Board of Com-4 miffioners for the Affairs of India, and to the Secretaries and 4 Officers of the fame, together with all other contingent Charges 4 and Expences of the said Board to be defrayed by the said United

*	Company, should not exceed the Sum of Twenty two thoufand

4 Pounds in any one Year: And whereas it is necessary, that an 4 Addition should be made to the said Sum, for the Purpofe of 4 further remunerating the Services of the Secretaries and Officers 4 of the said Board Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said A (ft as limits the Sum to be defrayed by the said Company on account of the said Board, to the Sum of Twenty cwo thousand , . Pounds in any one Year, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ;	..

and that, from and after the passing of this Ad, the Sum to be ^g^7orsSa°-" defrayed by the said Company on account of the said Board, fhall	charges

aot exceed the Sum of Twenty fix thousand Pounds in any one of RoudofCgo* 1*	Y ear; trouL

7«*

C 155:

53* GEO. III.

A.D.18I3*

His Majesty empowered to crant Superannuations to Officers of Board of Con-troul.

5c G. 3. c.117.

§ ».

Previous Service taken into Account for Officers of Board.

Court of Directors empowered to grant Superannuations to Com pane’s Servants in England,

Year; and that the fame shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Political Charges of the said Company.

4 XCI. And whereas it is reasonable that His Majeity, his Heirs * or SuccefTor3, ffiould have Power to grant Allowances, Comper?-4 fations, Remunerations or Superannuations, to the Secretaries ami 4 other Officers of the said Board, under the Conditions hereinafter 4 provided Be it therefore enacted. That it (hail and may hula wful to and for His Majeity, his Heirs or Succeffors; by any Warrant or Warrant* under his or their Sign Manual, countcrfigncd by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, to gTant or allow to any of the Secretaries or Officers for the time being belonging to the laid Burd, such Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations as His Majeity, his Heirs or SucccfTor>, fhnll think proper ; under and fubiedl neverthelels to such or th* like Conditions, and in such or the like Proportions, as Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations, may now be made to Public Officers, by virtue of an Adt palled in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to dire3 that Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pcnfions and Allowances,shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regal::' and ccntroul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Penfions and Slllowances ; and that the fame ffiall be paid and defrayed Quarterly by the said Company, and be deemed and taken as Part of their Political Charges.

XCIL Provided always, That where any Officer or Servant of the said Board ffiall have been in the Service of the said Company previously to his Employment under the Authority of the said Board, the time of such Service under the said Company ffiall be taken into Account, in computing the Number of Years' Service under the U:d Board.

4 XCI 11. And whereas it is reasonable that the said Court of 4 Dire&ors ffiould have Power to grant Allowances, in the Nature 4 of Superannuations, to such of their Officers and Servants i»i 4 England, as from Age or Infirmity may no longer be qualified for 1 the Execution of their several Offices or Employments :* Be it therefore enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors to make Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations, to the Officers and Servants of the said Company in England; fubje<ft to the Reflridtions and accord-, ing to the Conditions and Proportions following; that is to fay, where it ffiall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the said Court 01 Directors, that any such Officer or Servant, being under Sixty Years of Age, ffiall be incapable, from Infirmity of Mird or Body, to discharge the Duties of his Office, in such case, if he ffiall have served with Diligence and Fidelity iu the Service of the said Cotr.par.v for Ten Years, it ffiall and may be lawfql to grant him, by way i-t Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding One third of the Salary and allowed Emoluments of his Office: If above Ten Yeara and less than Twenty, any such Sum not exceeding One half of such Salary and allowed Emoluments: If above Twenty Years, any such Sum not exceeding Two thirds of such Salary and allowed Emoluments: If such Officer cr Servant ffiall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he ffiall have served Fifteen Years or upwards, it shall and may be lawful, without Proof of Infirmity of Mind or Body, to

grant

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C.15J.	71}

p^rant him, by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding Two thirds of the Salary and allowed Emoluments of hia Office :

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Forty Years or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding Three fourths of such Salary and allowed Emoluments: If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he shall have served Fifty Years or upwards, any such Sum not exceeding the whole of such Salary and allowed Emoluments : All which Allowances so to be made, shall be charged in the Books of Account of the said Company to the Debit of that Branch of the Company’s Affairs to which the said Officers or Servants may respectively belong ; any thing in the said Aft of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign to the contrary not- 33 G-3-vvithftanding.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an Account cfSu-Account of all Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations and Su- Hj*jJ!2,atwns perannuations, which shall be granted, either to the Officers or parliaa^nt. Servants of the said Board of Commissioners, or to the Officers or Servants of the said Company as aforesaid, during the preceding Year,

shall be laid before Parliament within Fifteen Days after the next Meeting thereof.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ^ nc* t0 Pre-in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to preju-	m5	*or

dice or affect the undoubted Sovereignty of The Crown of the United affeet Right! of Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in and over the said Terri- Company, torial A equations 5 nor to preclude the said United Company, after the Determination of the Term hereby granted, from the Enjoyment of or claim to any Rights, Franchifes or Immunities which they now have, or to which they may hereafter be entitled.

4 XCVI. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether -4 the several Governments of the said Company have sufficient Power 4 in all cases to make Laws and Regulations and Articles of War,

* for the Order and Difcipline of Officers and Soidlers, being Natives 4 of the East Indies, or other Places within the Limits of the said 4 Company’s Charter, in the Service of the said Company, and for 4 the Adrainifl ration of Juflice by Courts Martial to be holden 4 upon such Officers and Soldiers ; and it is expedient that such 4 Doubts should be removed ;’ Be it therefore enabled and declared,

That the several Governments of Fort William, Fort Saint George Oovernments in and Bombay, have and shall, during the Continuance of the Term Iiul,a empowered hereby granted to the said Company, be deemed and taken to have make Laws, full Power and Authority to make all such Laws and Regulations Articlesof5\Var, and Articles of War, as they may think fit, for the Order and Dif- for Native '' cipline of all Officers and Soidlers, Natives of the East Indies, or Troops; and to other Places within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, in 1101(1 9ouru their respective Services, and for the Adminiftration of Juflice by Mmial* Courts Martial to be holden on such Native Officers and Soidlers, and for the Conllitution and manner of Proceeding of such Courts Martial, and for all other Purpofes relating to or in any manner concerning such Native Officers and Soidlers, in as full and ample a .manner as the said Governments respectively may make any other Laws or Regulations for the Government of the Natives of the several Territories subject to the laid Prefidencies respectively ; any Aft of Parliament, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary not-withstanding: Provided always, that all Laws, Regulations and Prcvifo.

Articles ’

720

Ci SS-

5 3

GEO. III.

A-D.iSt 3.

37 G.3. c. 141.

§8.

Former Laws, Articles of War and established Ufage* refpett-ing Native Troopi confirmed.

Governor General and Governors in Council at Fort William Madras, Bombay aud Prince of Wales lstand, may impose Cuftomt and other Taxes, on Places aud Per-fa» within Ju-riidi&on of Courts Itablifiled by King's Charter; in

Articles of War, hereafter to be made respecting any of the Mitten aforesaid, whereby the Rights, Persons or Property of any such Native Officers or Soldiers may be aife&ed, shall be made and promulgated in every respect in the fame manner as other Regulations affecting the Rights, Persons or Property of Natives or other Individuals amenable to the Provincial Courts of the Prefideccy of Fort William in Bengal, are directed to be made by virtue of an Ad pafied in the’Thirty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the better Adminijlration of Juftiee at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay ; and for preventing British SubjeQs from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India.

XCVII. And be it further enacted and declared. That all Laws, Regulations and Articles of War heretofore made by any of the hud Governments, respecting the said Native Officers and Soidlers, or tl e Adminiftration of Juftiee by Courts Martial to be holden upon tbctn, or the Conftitution or Proceeding of such Courts Martial, or in any manner respecting the Government, Order or Difcipline of such Name Officers or Soidlers, and also all established Ufages acted upon by such Governments, respecting any of the Matters aforesaid, although the fame may not have originated in any written Law or Regulation thereof, were and that fuen of the said Laws, Regulations, Articles of War and established Ufages as are now subsisting, are, and until altered or repealed by the said Governments respectively shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, valid ; and that all Courts Martial bolder according to such Laws, Regulations or Articles of War, or established Usages, and all Proceedings of the fame respectively, and all other Ads or Proceedings done or had under such Laws, Regulations, Articles of War or established Usages, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and declared to be valid, and to have been legally had and done; so far as the feme respectively were and are conformable to such Laws, Regulations, Articles of War and established Ufagei.

‘ XCVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Govermnettt 4 of the said Company established at Fort William, Fort Saint Georg:,

4 Bombay and Prince of Wales island respectively, should have Au-4 thority to impose Duties and Taxes to be levied within the fcvenl 4 Towns of Calcutta and Madras, the Town and island of Bombay 4 and Prince of Wales lstand, and also Duties and Taxes to be paid 4 by Persons subject to the Jurifdidions of the Supreme Court of Ju-4 dicature at Fort William in Bengal, the Supreme Court of Judicature 4 at Madras, the Court of the Recorder of Bombay, and the Court 4 of Judicature at Prince of Wales island respectively 5* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and tor the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and to said for the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and to and for the ’ Governor in Council of Bombay, and to and for the Governor ia Council of Prince of Wales lstand, within the refpedhre Prefidesoei of Fort William, Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wain lstand, to impose all such Duties of Cuftoms and other Taxes, to be levied, raised and paid within the said Towns of Calcutta and Madras, the said Town and island of Bombay, and Prince of Wales lstand, and upon and by all Persons whomsoever, resident or being theneia respectively, and in respect of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatsoever also being therein respectively ; and also upon and by all Persons whomfpeverf whether Briti/b born or

Foreigner!

(^.

33

Foreigners, resident or being in any Country or Place within the Authority of the said Governments respectively ; and in respect of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatsoever being in any such Country or Place, in as full, large and ample manner as such Governor General in Couneil, or Governors in Council respectively may now lawfully impose any Duties or Taxes to be levied, raised or paid, upon or by any Persons whomsoever, or in any Place whatsoever, within the Authority of the said Governments re-fpedively ; Provided always, that no Impofition of any such Duty or Tax, or any Increafe of any such Duty or Tax, within the said Towns of Calcutta or Madras, the said Town and Ifland of Bombay, or Prince of Wales Istand, shall be valid or effectual, until the fame shall have been sanctioned by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commiflioners, in manner herein* before prescribed respecting Duties and Taxes of Export, Import and Tranfit on Goods, Warefc or Merchandize.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Governor General in Couneil, and Governors in Council respectively, to make Laws and Regulations respecting such Duties and Taxes, and to impose Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for the Non-payment of such Duties or Taxes, or for the Breach of such Laws or Regulations, in as full and ample manner as such Governor General in Couneil, or Governors in Council respectively, may now lawfully make any other Laws or Regulations, or impose any other Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures whatsoever; and all such Laws and Regulations shall be taken Notice of without being specially pleacted, at well in the said Supreme Courts and Recorder’s Court and Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales Ifland respectively, as in all other Courts whatsoever, within the said Britifb Territories : And that it fhaH and may be lawful for all Persons whomsoever, to prefer, pro-fecute and maintain in the fame Supreme Courts and Recorder’s Court and Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales Ifland respectively, all manner of Indidlments, Informations and Suits whatsoever, for enforcing such Laws and Regulations, or for any Matter or Thing whatsoever arising out of the fame ; any A&, Charter, Ufage or Other Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

C. And be it further enacted, TJiat it shall and may be lawful fof the Advocate General, or other principal Law Officer of the said Company, at the several Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint Ceorgey Bombay and Prince of Wales' IJlatid, to exhibit in Behalf of the laid Company to the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Madrasy Recorder’s Court at Bombay, and Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales Istand, as Occafion shall require, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, subject to the Jurifdiction of the faia several Courts respectively, any Information or Informations for any Breach or Breaches of the Revenue Laws or Regulations of any of the said Governments, or for any Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, Debt or Debts, or Sum or Sums of Money, committed, incurred, or due by any such Peifon or Persons, in respect of any such Law or Regulations ; and such Proceedings shall be had and taken upon every such Information as may lawfully be had or taken, in case of an Information filed by His Majefty’s Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer in England, for any Offence committed again ft the Revenue Laws of 53 Geo. III.	3 A	Englandy

fame manners* in Places without such Jurifdidtion. No such Tax in Calcutta, Madras, Bombay or Piince of Wale* Istand, valid till fandtinned by Directors, with Approbation of Board.

Governor General and Governors in ( o mcil mav mike Law* arid Regulation* rel'prdVm* such Duties and Taxes an I impose Fines and Forfeitures for Non-payment thereof.

Advocate General may exhibit Informations to the Kind’s C-Hirts, in Matters of Revenue, *c.

3-

Penalties to belong to Com. patir.

Piovifion for summary Conviction and Puuifhmeut of British Subjects being in India without Licence or exceeding Terms of Licence.

Penalty.

C.155-

53° GEO. HI.

England, or for any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture, Debt or Sum of Money due in respect thereof ; so far as the circumstances of the case, and the Courfe and Pra&ice of Proceeding in the said Courts rcfpec-tively will admit; and all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Debts and Sums of Money, recovered or levied under or by virtue of any such Information so to be exhibited as aforesaid, shall belong to the (aid United Company, and the fame, or the Proceeds thereof, shall be carried in their Books of Account to the Credit of the Territorial Revenues of the said Company.

* Cl. And whereas it is expedient that Provifion should be made

*	for empowering the several Governments of the said Company in

*	India, to restrain, by summary Convictions, Briti/h Subieds redding 4 in India without Licence or Certificate, or beyond the Terms of

*	fuch Licence or Certificate, in cases where such Governments

*	may not deem it advisable to exercise the Powers veiled in them

*	of prosecuting such Persons for a Mifdemeanor, or fending them

*	to the United Kingdom Be it therefore ena6ted, That upon Information being exhibited by the Advocate General, or other principal Law Officer of the said Company, at any of their Prefidencies, in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, the Recorder's Court at Bombay, or the Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales IJland, that any such Subjed of His Majesty has been found in any Part or Place of the Ecsfi Indict, or Parts aforesaid, to which the Jurifdi&ion of the Court in which such Information may be filed extends, without being duly licensed or otherwise authorized for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Information may be filed, to cause such Person to be arreiled and brought before such Court; and upon Proof being duly made before such Court of the Subftance of the Matter dated in the said Information, such Person shall be required to produce or prove the Licence or other Authority under which he came to and resides in the East Indies, and under which be re-forted to or was remaining, or found at the Place where be shall be proved to have been : And in case he shall fail to produce or prove any such Licence or Authority, or duly to account for the Non production or Want of Proof thereof, or if upon Production or Proof thereof it (lull appear to the said Court that the Refidence of such Person in the East Indies, or his resorting to or remaining in the Place where he shall be proved to have been, was not w ithin the true Intent and Meaning of such Licence or Authority, it shall and may be lawful for such Court, in a summary way, to convict such Offender of haviug been found on such a Day at such a Place within the Eaf Indies or Parts aforesaid, without being duly licensed or otherwile authorized for that Purpose, and to order such Offender to pay such Fine, not exceeding Two thousand Rupees, as the said Court shall think fit, and also to commit such Offender to the Gaol of the Pre-fidcncy to which such Court shall belong, for a Period not exceeding Two Months, unless such Fine shall he sooner paid; and in case fuck Person flail a Second time be convi&cd of a like Offence, either be* fore the fame or any other Court, it shall and may be lawful for such Court before which such Person shall be so convicted a Second time, to order such Offender to pay such Fine, not exceeding Four thou-fand Rupees, as the said Court shall think fit, and alio to commit I such Offender to the Gaol of the Prelidency to which such Court

dull

723

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.i 55.

fliall belong, for a Period not exceeding Four Months, unless such Fine shall be sooner paid : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, alter or annul any Ena&ment or Provifion contained in any former A& or Adte, whereby any Person so being found in the East Indies or Parts afore-said, without having a Licence or other Authority for that Purpose, is or may be subjected to a Profecution for a’ Mifdemeanor, or whereby such Person is or may be liable to be sent to the United Kingdom : Provided nevertheief3, that no Person who shall have been convicted asaforesaid, shall be liable to be prosecuted fora Mifdemeanor, or sent to the United Kingdom, in respect of any Residence in the East Indies or Parts aforesaid, previously to the Date of such Conviction.

CII. And, for preventing any Delay of Juftice, or the unnecessary Detention of Persons charged with Offences, be it further enacted, That all His Majefty’s Courts exercising Criminal Jurifdi&ion within the said several Prefidencies of the said Company, shall, and they are hereby required. Four times at the lead in every Year, on such Days and at such convenient Intervals of time as the Judges of the said Courts respectively shall appoint, to hold their Seffions, for the Purpofe of taking Cognizance of all Matters relating to Pleas of The Crown.

*	CIII. And whereas great Inconvenience and Expence have 4 hitherto been experienced in cases of Profecution under the Autho-

*	rity of the Advocate General or other principal Law Officer of

*	the said Company, at their several Prefidencies of Fort William,

*	Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, for Mifdemeanors com-4 nutted at a Diftance from the said several Prefidencies, by the ordt-4 nary Courfe of Indidment or Information filed with Leave- of the 4 Court Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Advocate General, or other principal Law Officer of the said Company at their several Prefidencies in all cases of Mifde-meanor alleged to have been committed by any British Subjedt, at a Diftance of more than One hundred Miles from the Presidency, within the Limits whereof such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed, to file an Information ex ojjicio in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William9 the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, or the Recorder’s Court at Bombay, as the case may be ; and all such Proceedings shall and may be used and had upon such Information as may lawfully be used and had in cases of Information filed ex oj/icio by His Majefty’s Attorney General in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench in England; any Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

*	CIV. And whereas it may be doubtful whether the Governor 4 General of ForL William in Bengal, or other Persons authorized to 4 take, amft and seize such Persons as may be found within the East 4 Indies, and other Limits of the said Company’s Charter, without

*	Licence or other lawful Authority for that Purpose, have Power

*	to remit or fend any such Person or Persons to the said United 4 Kingdom, except for the Purpofe of being prosecuted for a Mif-4 demeanor j Ana whereas it may be sufficient in many cases to remit 4 and fend such Persons to the United Kingdom, without fubje&ing

*	them to further PunifhmentBe it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor General, or in his Abfence from his Government the Vice President, the Governor of any of the faid

3 A 2	Com-

Not to prevent

British Suhjtds from being prosecuted for Mif-demenners, or sent Home;

Pi ovifo for Refi-dence previous to Conviction.

King’s Courts reguljrlv to hold Selfions Four times in every Year, for trying Criminal Off.nces.

Mifdemeanors rommitted l>y Biitirti Suhjed* more than One hundred Miles from a Prefidency ; lnfcr-mations may be filed ex officio, and prolecuted as in Court of K.B. in England.

Persons refidin* in India without Licence, may be sent Home with*

7*4

out being afterward* prosecuted.

Prorifo.

J ice* of Pence in Provinces shall have Jurif-diction, in case of Aflault and Trefpafs committed by British Subjects on Natives of indi .

C.155.	530 GEO. III.	AJ>.iSi>

Company’s Prefidencies, the Chief Officer of the laid Company refi* dent at any British Settlement in the East Indies or Parts aforesaid, the Company’s Council of Supercargoes at the Town and Fa£lory of Canton, within the said Town and Fa&ory, and upon the River of Canton, or other Part of the Coaft of China, and such other Persons as may be from time to time especially deputed and authorized for that Purpofe by the Court of Dire&ors of the said United Company, to take, arrest, seize and cause to be taken, arrested and seized, at any Place or Places within the East Indies or Parts afqresaid, and to remit aud fend to the United Kingdom, on board any Ship or Ships of or belonging to or in the Service of the (aid Company, bound to the United Kingdom, all such Persons so being found at any such Place or Places in the Eafl Indies or Parts aforesaid, without Licence or other lawful Authority for that Purpofe : and the Mailers or other Persons having the Command of all such Ships, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to receive, and safely and (ecurely to keep all and every such Person and Persons who shall be sent on board any Ship or Ships for the Purpofe aforesaid, until such Person or Persons shall be landed in some Port or Ports of the United Kingdom: Provided always, that every Person who shall be so put on board any such Ship for the Purpofe aforesaid, shall be entitled to be discharged in such Port of the United Kingdom, in which such Ship Hull be moored in safety, as such Person shall think fit.

4 CV. And whereas His Majefty’s British Subje&s resident in the

*	Britijh Territories in India, without the Towns of Calcutta, Ma~ 4 dras and the Town and Ifland of Bombay, are now, by Law, fab*

*	je6t only to the Jurifdi&ion of His Majefty’s Courts at Calcutta, 4 Madras and Bombay respectively, and are exempted from the Joiif-4 diction of the Courts eftablilhed by the said United Company withim 4 the said Territories, to which all other Persons, whether Natives or ‘ others. Inhabitants in the said Territories without the Limits of the

*	Towns aforesaid, are amenable: And whereas it is expedient to 4 provide more effectual Redrefs for the Native Inhabitants of the 4 said Territories, as well in the case of Aflault, forcible Entry, or

*	other Injury accompanied with Force, which may be committed by 4 British Subjetfa at a Diftance from the Places where His Majcfty’s

*	Courts are eftablilhed, as in case of Civil Controver(ies~with fuch

*	[Aritifl Subjects ;’ Be it therefore enacted, ^hat it,shall and mayXe lawluTior any Illative of India, resident in the Eafl Indies, or Parts aforesaid, and without the said Towns, in case of any Aflault, forcible Entry or other Injury accompanied with Force, alleged to have been done against his Person or Property by a British Subject, to complain of such Aflault, forcible Entry or other Iujury accompanied with Force, not being Felony, to the Magiftrate of the Ziilah or Diftrift where the alleged Offender shall be resident, or in which such Offence shall have been committed ; and that such Magiftrate shall have Power and Authority, at the Inftance of the Perlon so complaining, to take Cognizance of such Complaint, to hear Parties, to examine Witneffes, and, having taken in Writing the Subftance of the Complaint, Defence aud Evidence, to acquit or convict the Person accused; and, in case of Convi&ion, to inflict upon such Person m suitable Punifliment, by Fine, not exceeding Five hundred Rupees, to be levied in case of Non-payment by Warrant under the Hand of the said Magistrate, and upon any Property of the Party so convi&cdp

which

7*5

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	IIL

which may be found within the said DiftriCt ; and if no such Pro* perty shall be found within the said District, then it shall be lawful for the £aid Magistrate, by Warrant also under his Hand, to commit such Offender to some Place of Confinement within the said Zillah or DiftriCt, which in the Judgment of the said Magiftrate shall be fit for receiving such Offender ; or if there shall be no fit Place of Confinement, then to the Gaol of the Presidency, to remain there for a Period not exceeding Two Month*, unless such Fine shall be sooner paid; and it shall be lawful for the said Magiftrate to award the whole or any Portion of such Fine to the Party aggrieved, by way of Satisfaction for such Injury: Provided always, that in all caies of Convi6tion of a British SubjeCt, under the Provision herein before contained, the Magiftrate before whom such Conviction shall take place shall forthwith transmit Copies of such Conviction, and of all Depofitions and other Proceedings relative thereto, to the Government to which the Place wherein the Offence was committed is or Shell be subordinate : Provided also, that all such Fines shall bepaid in the first Inftance to the Magiftrate before whom the Party offending shall be convicted, and the Amount thereof, after making such Satisfaction to the Party aggrieved, as aforesaid, if any, shall be transmitted by such Magiftrate to the Clerk of the Crown, or other Officer to whom it belongs to receive Fines in His Majefty’s Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the Province within which the Offence shall have been committed; and such Fines shall and mayjbe disposed of in the fame manner as other Fines imposed by such Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery s Provided also, that all such Convictions shall and may be removable by Writ of Certiorari into the said Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery refpeCtively, in the fame manner, and upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and shall be proceeded upon in the fame manner in every respect as is directed in the said ACt of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to other Convi&iona before Justices of Peace in the British Settlements or Territories in India: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent such Magiftrate from committing or holding to Bail any British Subject, charged with any such Offence before him, in the fame manner as such British SubjeCt might have been committed or holden to Bail if this ACt had not been passed, where the Offence charged shall appear to such Magiftrate to be of so aggravated a nature as to be a fit SubjeCt for Profecutfon in any of His Majefty’s Courts to which such British SubjeCt may be amenable.

CVI. And be it further enaCtcd, That in all cases of Debt not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Rupees, alleged to be due from any British SubjeCts to any Native of India resident in the East Indies or Parts aforesaid, and without the JurifdiCtion of the several Courts of Reaucft established at Calcutta, Madras and Bor6ay refpeCtively, it shall and may be lawful for the Magiftrate of the Zillah or DiftriCt where such British SubjeCt shall be resident, or in which such Debt shall have been contracted, to take Cognizance of all such Debts, and to examine Witneffes upon Oath, and in a summary way to decide between the Parties, which Decifion shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes 5 and in all cases where any such Debt shall be found to be due from any British SubjeCt to any such Native of

3 A 3	India»

Copy of Conviction and Proceedings fern to Government.

Fine* paid to Magiftrate.

Application

thereof.

Convidions removeable by Certiorari, and subject to 33G-3- c.5*. S >53. >54*

Provifa

Indices of Peace to have Juristic-tion, in cases <H frrull Debts due to Natives from British Subjects

726

C. 155.

530 GEO. m.

AJX1813.

Bfitifh Subjefts rifiding or trailing or occupying immoveable Pro-) erty, Ten Miles from the Trefidencies, fubje^l to Local Civil Judicature.

Reftriftions as to Grounds of Jurildiction of Local Judicatures.

India, the Amount thereof shall and may be levied in the fame man* ner, and fubjeA to the fame Regulations and Provisions, in refpedfc to the Commitment of the Debtor, as are hereinbefore made and provided in refpeA to the levying of Fines in case of the Convi&ion of a British SubjeA before such Magiftrate.

CVJf. And be it further enacted, That all British Subje&s of His M^fty. as well the Servants of the said United Company aa others, who shall reside, or shall carry on Trade or other Bufinefs, or shall be in the Occupation or PofTeffion of any immoveable Property in any Part of the British Territories in Indian at the Diflance of more than Ten Miles from the several Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, shall be fubjeA to the Jurifdidion of all Courts which now have or hereafter may have Cognizance of Civil Suits or Matters of Revenue, either originally or by way of Appeal, within the DiftriAs or Places Where loch British SubjeAs shall so reside, or carry on Trade or Bufinefs, or possess or occupy immoveable Property, in all AAiont and Proceedings of a Civil Nature, and,in all Matters of Revenue (except as hereinafter excepted), in the like manner as Natives of Indtsf and other Persons not British SubjeAs, are now liable to the Jurif-diAion of such Courts by and under the Regulations of the several Governments of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively : Provided always, that no Britjh SubjeA shall be liable to be sued in any such Court in refpeA of Refidence, unless he shall have his Refidence within the Jurildiction thereof at the time of commencing the Action or Proceeding against him; or that the Caufe of Suit shall have arisen within the JurifdiAion of the said Court, aod the Suit shall be commenced within Two Years after the Caufe thereof shall have arisen, and also within Six Months after the Defendant shall have ceased to reside within such JurifdiAion ; nor shall any British Subjedt be liable to be sued in any such Court in refpeA *& his carrying on Trade or Bufinefs within the JurifdiAion thereof, unless the Caufe of Suit shall have arisen within such .Tuiifdi&ioo, and shall relate to the Trade or Bufinefs so carried on ; nor to be sued in refpeA of any immoveable Property possessed or occupied by him, unless such Property shall be situated within the JurifdiAkxi of the Court in which he shall be so sued, and such Suit shall be brought to recover the Pofleffion or Occupation of such Property, or for Rent, or other Demand arising out of the PoflTefiion or Occupation of such Property by such British SubjeA : Provided also, that where by the Laws or Regulations in force, or hereafter to be Sudder Dewanny in force, within the Provinces refpeAively fubjeA to the Govero-ments of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay aforesaid, it would be competent to a Party to any final Judgment or Decree of any Subordinate, Civil, or Revenue Court of Judicature, to appeal therefrom to the Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, or other Court however denominated, exercising within those Provinces refpeAively the highell appellate JurifdiAion in Civil Suits, it shall be competent to Britjh Subjects of His Majesty, in Suits commenced against them undfr the Provifions of this AA, instead of appealing to the said Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, or other Court so exercising tbc highest appellate JurifdiAion as aforesaid, to appeal to the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, or Fort Saint George, or the Recorder's Court at Bombay, according as the Suit may have been

com-

Where Appeal would lie to

Adawlut, or Loc.jI Court, Bntiilt Subject may appeal to His M.ijelty’s Courts,

C^

727

A.D.i8i3‘	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	155.

commenced in the Provinces subordinate to either of the (aid Pre-fidencies; and such Court shall have the fame Powers as to suspending or allowing Execution of the Judgment or Decree appealed again ft, and as to taking Security for Cods, or for the Performance of the Decree or Judgment of the said subordinate Courts, as the said Sudder Dewanny Adawlut or other such Court as aforesaid would have had, and shall also make Rules of Pra&ice for the Condudt of the said Appeals, in all other respects conforming in Subdance and EiFe& as nearly as possible to the Courfe of Procedure of the said Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, or other such Court as aforesaid in cases of Appeal: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend ^rovir° r°r *u-or be condrued to extend to take away the Jurifdi&ion of the said Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Madras, or the	fit©

said Recorder’s Court at Bombay respectively ; but that all Per suns ,}ler^ at his having Caufe of A&ion againd any British Subjeft may, at their Election. Ele&ion, indead of suing in such Provincial Courts as hereinbefore provided, commence and prosecute their said Suits in the said Supreme Courts of Judicature, and the said Recorder’s Court respectively, in the fame manner as before the palling of this A6fc : Provided aifo, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be condrued to extend, to authorize the holding or occupying of any Land or other immoveable Property, beyond the Limits of the said several Prefidencies, by any Britjb Subject of His Majedy, otherwise than under and according to the Permiffion of the Governments of the laid Pre-de ncies.

of such Permif-fion in *. ourt of

Diftf i& ;

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Briti/b Subje& of Erinto Subjefl*, His Majedy, not in the Service of His said Maje dy, or of the said ^orVthan Ten* United Company, who, after the Tenth Day of Bpril One thousand Mile<from Preeight hundred and fourteen, shall go to and re fide in any Part of the fidency, frail British Territories in Ind'ta% didant more than Ten Milt s from the Pre- procure and tendency to which the fame shall be subordinate, with the Permidion of the Government of such Presidency, or who shall, after the said Day, change his Refidence from one Part thereof to another, didant as aforesaid, with such Permidion, shall procure from the Chief Secretary of the said Government or other Officer authorized for that Pur-pose, a Certificate signed by the said Chief Secretary or other Officer, expreffiog that such British Subject has the Permidion of such Government to reside at such Place, specifying the fame, and expreding also whether such Permidion has been granted during the Pleafure of such Government or for any limited time ; and the said Certificate shall be deposited by such British Subject in the Civil Court of the Didri& in which he shall so go to reside, within One Month after his taking up his Refidence there, and shall be kept among the Records of the said Court, of which certificate so deposited, a true Copy atteded by the Judge or other Officer of such Court thereto authorized, shall be given to the Party depoliting the fame, and shall be deemed and taken in all Courts of '

Judice, and on all Occafions whatsoever, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Certificate, unless the contrary shall be (hewn’:

And no British SubjeA not in the Service of His Majedy, or of the Suing in Civil laid United Company, going to reside in any such Part of the British Courts Territories, or changing his Refidence from one Part thereof to an- ‘,Uije Copy of other, after the said Day, shall be allowed, while he so resides, to <^CaD Affidavit** have or maintain any Civil Action or Proceeding (other than in the accounting for

3 A 4	Nature	not filing k.

7»8

C.I5S*

53° GEO. III.

A.D. 18x3.

Nature of an Appeal) against any Person wliomfoever in any Court of Civil Jurifdiction within the British Territories in India* until he shall have filed, in the Court in which such A&ion or Proceeding is commeneed, a Copy of such Certificate signed by the Judge ot the Court wherein the fame is deposited ; or an Affidavit accounting to the Satisfaction of the Court for not filing the fame ; and if it shall be proved to the Court in which such A&ion is brought, that such British SubjcCt is residing at any Place within the said Territories, distant more than Ten Miles from the Prefidency to which it is subordinate, without such Certificate or otherwise than according to the Permiffion contained in such Certificate, or that such Penniffioa has been revoked, or that, being for a limited time, it has expired and has not been renewed, and that such British Subject is therefore re siding without Permiffion at more than Ten Miles difiance from such Presidency, such British SubjeCt shall thereupon he nonsuited.

4 CIX. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether Per-

*	fons being Natives of India* in the Service of the United Company

*	of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus* or of any of

*	His Majefty’s SubjeCU, are amenable to the Jurisdiction of the 4 Provincial Courts eftabltfhed in the East Indus, or whether fuch

*	Perfons, being Natives of India, in the Service of the said United

*	Company, or of His Majesty *s Subjedls, are not exclusively amena-

*	ble to the Jurifdi&ion of the said Courts at Fort William* Madrm 4 and Bombay refpeCtively, and it is expedient that such Doubts 4 should be removed Be it further enacted and declared. That all Persons whotoever, being Natives of India, who have been, now are or hereafter may be emploved, by or in the Service of His Majesty, the said United Company, or of any of His Majefty’s Subjeds, were, and are, and shall be subject and amenable to all Provincial Courts of competent Jurifdidtion for all Crimes and Mifdemeanors, and in all A£hons and Suits whatsoever, of which such Courts respectively could take Cognizance, if the Persons having committed fach Crimes or Mifdemeanors, or against whom the Caufes of ^fnch A&ions or Suits shall have arisen, had not been employed by, or had not been in the Service of His Majesty, or the said United Company, or any of His Majefty’s Subject ; any Law, Ufage or Pra&ice to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall any wife mist the said Supreme Courts of Judicature of Fort William and Madras and the said Court of the Recorder of Bombay refpc&ively, of any Jurifdi&ion over any Natives of India, which such Courts may now lawfully exercise 5 bat such Supreme Courts of Judicature of Fort William and Madras* and the said Court of the Recorder of Bombay respectively, as well as the Provincial Courts herein referred to, according to their several Jurif-di&ions, shall have a concurrent Jurifdi&ion over Natives of /jrfa, employed by or in the Service of the said United Company or any of His Majefty’s Subjedls.

4 CX. And whereas the Courts established by the said United 4 Company have no Jurifdi&ion over Crimes Maritime, and Doubts 4 have been entertained whether the Admiralty Jurifdi&ion of His 4 Majtdly’s Courts at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, extends to any Persons but those who are amenable to their ordinary Jnrif-ditiioo ; by reason whereof Failures of Juftice may arifeBe it diction ot King’s therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty's Coum exunded.	Courts

Native* oflr.dit in Set vice of Company, iub-jc£t to Provincial Courts.

Provifo for Supreme Courts at Fort William aud Madras.

Admiralty Jurif-

A.D.1813.

53* GEO. IIL

C.155.	1*9

Courts at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, exercising Admiralty Jurifdiction, to take Cognizance of all Crimes perpetrated on the High Seas, by any Perlon or Persons whatsoever, in as full and ample a manner as any other Court of Admiralty Jurifdi&ion established by His Majeity's Authority in any Colony or Settlement whatsoever belonging to The Crown of the said United Kingdom.

• CXI. And whereas Doubts have arilen whether the Advocate General or other Principal Law Officer of the said Company, at any 4 of the said Company’s Prefidencies, is by Law authorized to exhibit 4 to the respective Courts of Judicature at any of the said Prefidencies,

4 for and on behalf of His Majesty, Informations in the Nature of 4 A&iont at Law, or Bills in Equity, for or in respect of any Caufe 4 or Caufes of Action, Debts, Dues, Demands, Accounts, Reckort-4 ings. Sum or Sums of Money, Stores, Goods, Chattels, or any 4 other Matter, Caufe or Thing whatsoever, which may have arisen 4 or accrued, or which may arise or accrue to His Majesty 5’ For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Advtcate Gent-lawful to and for the Advocate General, or other Principal Law ral of Company

Supreme Courts of Judicature at the said Company’s Prefidencies of Majesty.

Fort William and Madras, or to the Recorder’s Court at Bombay, or the Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales ljland, any Information or Informations in the Nature of an A&ion or A&ions at Law, or of a Bill or Bills in Equity, as Occaiion shall require, again ft any Person or Persons residing within or being amenable to the Jurifdi6lion of the said Courts refpedtivcly, for or in respect of any Caufe or Caufes of A&ion, Debts, Dues, Demands, Accounts, Reckonings,

Sum or Sums of Money, Stores, Goods, Chattels, or any other

Matter, Caufe or Thing whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all

Intents and Purposes, as His Majefty’s Attorney General for the

time being is by Law authorized to exhibit any such Information

or Informations in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law or Equity

in this Realm; and that thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as

far as the circumstances of the case and the Courfe and Pra&ice of the	v

laid Courts of Judicature at the said several Prefidencies will admit,

as are had upon any such Informations exhibited by His Majefty’s

Attorney General in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law or Equity

in this Realm.

4 CXII. And whereas great Inconvenience has arisen, from re- 33 G.3. c.$*

4 quiring the Civil Servants of the said United Company, and other § 15a.

* Persons Rationed at a Diftance from the Prefidencies, to attend and 4 take the Oaths in the Courts of Oyer and Terminer of the said Pre-4 fidencies, as prescribed by the said A6t of the Parliament of Great 4 Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign 5’ Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who shall be nominated and Jufticesof Petes appointed in any such Commiftions of the Peace as are in the said may qualify by A6k mentioned, shall be capable of a6ting as Justices of the Peace ^“*2 k every refpett, according to the Tenor of such Commissions, upon juftICelIJfthin taking and fubferibing in any Civil or Criminal Court of Juftice, Province*, within the Provinces in and for which any such Commiffion shall have issued before any other Juftice of the Peace, the like Oaths as

are

C.155-	53°	GEO. III.	A-D.iSij.

are appointed by the said Ad to be taken in the Court of Oyer and Terminer of the Province or Prefidency for which such Persons shall be appointed to ad as Judices of the Peace ; and the Subfcripltos of such Persons to the said Oaths shall be depod ted and kept with the Records of the Courts of Juftice in which the said Oaths (hail have been adminiitered.

* CXIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Sudder Dewanny

*	Adawlut, and Nizamut Adawlut, or other Provincial Courts

*	however denominated, exercising the highed Jurifdidion within the 4 Provinces respectively subject to the Governments of Port WiJIsam, 4 Fort Saint George and Bombay, should have Power and Authority ‘ to execute Procefs of Arred, either Civil or Criminal, within the

*	Towns of Calcutta and Madras, and the Towu and IOand of

*	Bombay, notwithstanding the Jurifdi6tion of His Majefty’s Court*

ProvincialCnurts ‘ established at those Places respectively Be it therefore enacted, of highest Juiif- That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Sadder did ion, may ar- Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, or other Provincial Courts a (on-reft in Civil or	to	execute	or	caufe	to	be executed upon all Persons fubied to

whl^n PrePden-5 Jurifdi&ion of such Courts respectively, all manner of lawful eies notwith-	Procefs of Arred, within the respective Limits of the Towns of

(landing Jurif-	Calcutta and Madras, and of the Town and Kland of Bombay, in the

diftion of King's fame manner as the said Courts rcfpe&ively may, by virtue mf any Courts.	Power now vetted, or hereafter to be veiled in them, lawfully execute,

or cause to be executed, such Procefs in any Place situate without the said Limits ; any Ad, Charter or other Matter or Thing whatsoever Procefs to be in t0 the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Writing, with an Procefs which shall be executed within the Limits aforesaid, shall be Englilh Tranfla- in Writing, and shall have underwritten or indorsed thereon, or other, k ° a Jud C5ned W^e annexec* thereto, a Tranflation thereof, or of the Subdance y • u fie* thereof, in the Englifh Language and Chara&er, (igned by cue of the Judges of the Court from whence the fame shall issue.

‘ CXIV. And whereas it is expedient, for the Prote&ioa of 4 Property and Trade in the East Indies, that the dealing or taking 4 by Robbery, of Securities for the Payment of Money within the ‘ East Indies, should be made Felony, and should be punitbable is

*	Felony ; and also, that further Proviiions should be made for the

*	* Punilhment of the Crimes of Forgery, and of uttering forged

*	Inftruments,- and of counterfeiting the Current Coin, and uttenag 4 such Counterfeit Coin, in the East Indies Be it therefore ena&cd,

Stealing Chofet That if any Person or Persons within the local Limits of the in Aft ion within Criminal Jurifdi&ion of any of His Majctty’s Courts at Fort WilUsm% Junfdittfton of	pQrt $atnt George, Bombay or	Prince of Wales IJlandor if any Perfoo

nur^hable hke	or Per^on8 per&nally fubjed	to the Jurifdi&ion of any of the (aid

Healing Goods.	Courts, at any Place in the	Eajl Indies, or any Place between the

Cape of Good Hope and the	Streights of Magellan, where the (aid

Company shall have a Settlement, Fafctory or other EdabliJhtnent, shall deal or take by Robbery any Bond, Bill of Exchange, Pro* miflory Note, Treasury Note, Banker’s Note, Order, Acknowledg. ment or other Security or Warrant for the Payment of Money, or entitling any Person to the Payment of Money, being the Property of any other Person or Persons, or of any Corporation, notwithdaodhtf any of the said Particulars are termed in Law a Chofe in ABiom^ it shall be deemed and condrued to be Felony, of the fame Nature, and in the fame Degree, and with or without the Benefit of Clergy, in the

A.D. 1813.	53° GEO. III.	C.155.	lit

fame manner as' it would have been if the Offender had stolen or taken by Robbery any other Goods of like Value with the Money-due on such Bond, Note, Bill, Order, Acknowledgment, Warrant or other Security respectively, or secured thereby, and remaining unsatisfied ; and such Offender and Offenders shall suffer such Punifh-ment as he, (he or they would or might have done, if he, she or they had stolen other Goods of the like Value with the Monies due on such Bond, Note, Bill, Order, Acknowledgment, Warrant or other Security refpeflively, or secured thereby, and remaining unsatisfied; any Law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Forgery, within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ion of the said Courts, or if any Person or Persons personally subject to the Jurifdic-tion of any of the said Courts, at any Place in the East Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streigbts of Magellan, where the said Company shall have a Settlement, Factory or other Eilablifhment, shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly ad or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting or altering, any Deed, or any written Inftrument for the Conveyance of any Property or Intereft in any Land, House or Goods, or for securing the Payment of Money, or any Will,

Tellament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, or any Indorfement or Affignment of any Bill of Exchange, or Promiffory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or any Acquittance or Receipt either for Money or Goods, or any accountable Receipt of any Note, Bill or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, or any Corporation ; or shall utter or publish as true, or fell, offer or dispose of, or put away, within the Limits aforesaid, any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Deed, written Inftrument for the Conveyance of Property or Intereft in any Land, House or Goods, or for securing the Payment of Money, or any Will, Teflament, Bond,

Writing obligatory. Bill of Exchange, Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, Indorfement or Alignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, Warrant or Order for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person, or any Corporation, knowing the fame to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered; it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any such Offence by due Courfe of Law, to order aud adjudge that such Person or Persons shall be transported to such Place beyond Tranfpomtion. the Seas, and for such Term of Years, as the said Court shall direct.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Counterfeiting * within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ion of the said current ^oin* Courts, or if any Person or Persons personally subject to the Jurif-di&ion of any of the said Courts, at any Place in the East Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streigbts of

Magellan,

73*	C.	ij	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.iSij.

Tranfportition.

Uttering counterfeit Coins.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Certificate of former Conviction in Courts, sufficient Proof of such Conviction.

Magellan, where the said Company shall have a Settlement, Fa&nry or other Eftabliihment, shall counterfeit or procure to be counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in counterfeiting, any of the Gold or Silver Coins of any of the British Governments in India, or any Gold or Silver Coin usually Current and received as Money in Payments in any Part of the British Poffeffions in the East Indies, it (haB and may be lawful for the Court before which any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any such Offence by due Courfe of Law, to order and adjudge, that such Person or Persons shall be transported to such Place beyond the Seas, and for such Term of Years, as the said Court shall direct.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ionof the said Courts, or if any Person or Persons personally subject to the Jurifdidioo of any of the said Courts, at any Place in the Eqfi Indies, or at aay Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streigbts of Magellan, where the said Company shall have a Settlement, Fadory or other Eftabiifhment, shall utter, or tender in Payment, or fell, or give ia Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons, any such fa!ft or counterfeited Coin as aforefaip, knowing the fame to be so faMe or counterfeited, and shall be thereof convicted, every Person so offending shall suffer Six Months’ Imprifonment, and shall at the Difcretion of the Court before which he or (he shall be so convidtd, be sentenced to Hard Labour during the Term of such Imprifoo-ment, and find Sureties for his or her Good Behaviour for Six Months more, to be computed from the End of the said first Six Months; and if the fame Person (hail afterwards be convicted a Second time of the like Offence, of uttering or tendering in Payment, or giving is Exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or Counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeit, such Person shall for such second Offence suffer Two Years* Imprisonment, and also, at the Difcretion of the Court before which he or A* shall be so convicted, be sentenced to Hard Labour during the Term of such Imprifonment, and find Sureties for his or her Good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the laid fir (I Two Years ; and if the fame Person shall afterwards offend a Third time, in uttering or tendering in Payment or giving in Exchange, or paying or potting off any such false or Counterfeit Com as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeit, and shall be convicted of such Third Offence in any of the Courts aforesaid, he or (he shall be sentenced to Tranfportation for Life to such Pbce beyond the Seas as the said Court shall direct.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person having been convicted of any Offence or Offences by virtue of thb Ad, shall again be prosecuted in any Court, other than the Court or Courts wherein such Person or Persons shall have been before convicted for a like Offence, whereby such Person or Persons would be subject to an increased Punilhment, the Clerk of the Crown or other Officer to whom it may belong to keep the Records of the Court where any such Convidion shall have taken place, shall, at the Requeft of the Profecutor, or any other Person on His Majesty*! Behalf, certify the fame, by Writing under his Hand, in a few Words containing the Subftance and Effed of such Convidion ; for which Certificate One Rupee and no more Audi be paid ; and foch

Certificate

733

A.D.i8i3*	53*GE0.III.	0.155.

Certificate being produced in Court shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person* Having in Poi-within the local Limits of the Criminal JurifdiCtion of the said Courts, fefl:on more or if any Person or Persons personally subject to the Jurifdi&ion of F,vc **■?**• any of the said Courts, at any Place in the Eafi Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan, lawful Excufe. where the said Company shall have a Settlement, FaCtory or other Eftablifhment, shall have in his, her or their Cuftody without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused, any greater Number of Pieces than Five Pieces of such false or Counterfeit Coin as aforesaid, every such Person being thereof convicted upon the Oath of ’One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, before One of His Majefly’s Justices of the Peace, or if there should be no Juftice-of the reace duly qualified to aGt in the Place where such Offence shall be committed, before One of the Judges of His Majefty’s Court there, shall forfeit and lose all such Falfe and Counterfeit Coin, Penalty, which shall be cut in Pieces and destroyed by order of such Juftice or Judge, and shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding in Value Forty Sicca Rupees or less than Twenty Sicca Rupees in the Currency of the Place in which such Offence shall be committed, for every such Piece of false or Counterfeit Coin which shall be found in the Cuftody of such Person ; One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Presidency, Settlement or Place, in which such Offence shall be committed ; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Juftice or Judge to commit the Person or Persons who shall be adjudged to pay the fame, to the Common Gaol or House of Correttion, there to be kept to Hard Imprifonmeat. Labour for the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Counterfeiting within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ion of the said Licences or C«r-Courts, or if any Person or Persons personally fubjett to the Jurifdic-	°r

tion of any of the said Courts, at any Place in the Eaf Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope or the Streights of Magellan, where the said Company shall have a Settlement, Factory or other Eftablilhment, shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify any Licence, authorizing any Ship or Veflel to proceed to any Place in the Eafi Indies, or Parts aforesaid, or any Licence or Certificate authorizing any Person to go to or reside at any such Place, or any attested Copy of any such Licence or Certificate, or shall utter or publish as true, any such counterfeited, erafcd, altered or falsified Licence, Certificate or attested Copy, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, erafcd, altered or falsified, and shall be convicted thereof, every Person so Pmufliotne. offending shall suffer such Imprifonment not exceeding One Year, and shall pay such Fine not exceeding in Value One thousand Sicca Rupees in the Currency of the Place in which such Offence shall be committed, as the Court before which he or (he shall have been so convicted, shall direct.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Governments of the Government t» said Prefidencies and Settlements refpe&ivcly shall and they are hereby cirry Sentences required, to take Order for the due Performance of all Sentences of Transportation pronounced by any of the said Courts, under and by Son-"but Ns?**

virtue *

lives not tran-fpoited beyond a certain DiAance.

Subornation of

Perjury.

General Iffue.

Proof on Plaintiff.

Treble Cofts.

▼irtue of this Acts Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Court to order the Traimportation of any Person being a Native of India and not born of European Parents, to any Part beyond the Seas, situated more than Thirty Degrees North, or Twenty five Degrees South of the Line.

CXXJI. And be it further enacted. That iFany Person or Persons whomsoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath, touching any of the Matters directed or required by this A& to be testified 00 Oath, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of Penury, and shall be liable to the Paint and Penalties to which Persons guilty of Perjury are liable by any Law in force in that Part of the fair! United Kingdom called England; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or fubom any other Perfoo or Persons to swear falsely in any such Oath, such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring and suborning, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer fifcli Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities, as Persons convicted of Perjury are respectively liable unto, by any Law in force in the said Part of the United Kingdom called England.

CXXIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Suit or A&kwi shall be brought or commenced against the said United Company, or any of their Servants, or any Person or Persons acting by their Authority, for the Recovery of any Cofts or Damages tor the unlawful taking, arresting, seizing, imprisoning, fending or bringing into the United Kingdom, of any Person or Persons found in the East Indies or other Parts aforesaid, within the Limits of the said Com. pany’s Charter, or as not being authorized to reside or traffick there, the Defendant or Defendants to such Suit or Action may plead the General lfTue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and the Proof shall lie on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon the Trial of the Iflue, to (hew that, at the time or times of arresting or seizing such Person or Persons respectively for the Caufea aforesaid, in the manner in which such arresting or seizing shall be laid or charged to have been done in or by the Declaration or Declaration in such Suits or Adtions, the Person or Persons so arrested was or were in the Military or Marine Service of His Majesty, his Hein or Succc(Tor8, or was or were under Covenant to serve the said Company in India, or was or were duly poffefied of a Licence or Licences, Certificate or Certificates in Writing, authorizing him or them to go to or reside and traffick in the Eqft Indies or Parts aforesaid, or that the Person or Persons, not being in His Majefty'i Service, was or were at the time or times of his or their being so seized or arrested, entitled or authorized, hy the Stipulation of such Covenants, Licences or Certificates respectively, to remain and continue in India or other the Parts aforesaid 5 and in Failure of such Proof, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited ; and in such case, or in any other cases wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs iha3 become nonsuited, or wherein Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or where a Verdi& shall past for the Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall have Treble Cofts awarded to be paid by the respective Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or A&ion ; any Law, Statute or Provifiou to the contrary not-withflanding.

13	CXXIV.	And

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Suits and Pro- Limitation of fecutions for any thing; done under or by virtue of this Ad, shall Su,ts* be commenced within tne Space of Three Years after the Caufe of Complaint shall have arisen; or being done in the United Kingdom, in the Abfence of any Person beyond Sea aggrieved thereby, then within the Space of Three Years next after the Return of such Person to the United Kingdom.

CXXV. And be it further enabled, That so much and such Commencement Parts of this Ad, in respect whereof no particular time or times of Commencement is or are herein named or appointed, shall have Commencement from and after the Tenth Day of April One thou-fand eight hundred and fourteen,

CAP. CLVI.

An AG to provide for the Payment of the Charge of the Annuities created in respect of the Sum of Six Millions granted for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. [21ft July 1813.]

•	“\T7HEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom in Par- C. 69. ante.

4 VV liament assembled, have resolved, that the Sum of Twenty

•	feven Millions be raised in Great Britain by Annuities for the

•	Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,

4 whereof the Charges of Six Millions are to be defrayed on the 4 Part of Ireland; and that the Contributors to the said Sum fhouldi 4 for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled

•	to the Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds in Reduced Annuities,

4 after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, and also to the Sum 4 of Sixty Pounds in Confolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three 4 Pounds per Centum ; and likewise to an Annuity of Eight Shillings

•	and Six pence per Centum, to continue for Forty fix Years and Nine 4 Months : And whereas it is expedient, that Provifion should be 4 made for the Payment out of the Exchequer of Ireland into the 4 Exchequer of Great Britain, of the Charges of the said Annuities Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of thc^Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pamlment assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That the Commillioners of His Money issued Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the from the Confo. time being, shall from time to time, without any further Warrant to	of

be sued for, had or obtained in this Behalf, cause to be ifTued at the	Annuities

Receipt of His Majelty’s Exchequer in Ireland out of the Con- jn rcfpe& of folidated Fund of Ireland, and paid into the Receipt of Hi&Majefty’s 6,ooo,ocoU Exchequer in England, so much Monies as shall be sufficient from granted fur Ser-time to time to answer to the said Exchequer in England the several vice of Ireland, and respective Annuities and other Payments directed to be paid thereout by any Aft or Afts of this Semon of Parliament in respect of the said Sum of Six Millions, and that such Payments shall be made into tbc said Exchequer in England, in manner following ; that is to fay, such of the said Sums as shall be paid for the said Reduced Annuities, and for the said Annuity of Eight Shillings and Six pence for the Term of Forty fix Years and Nioe Months, in respect of the said Sum of, Six Millions Half-yearly by equal Portions, on or before the Fifth Day of 0Sober and the First Day

of

V^OOQle

73«

of April in every Year, the First Payment thereon to be made 00 or before the Fifth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and such of the Paid Sums as shall be paid for the said Coa-folidated Annuities, in respect of the said Sum for the First Yearoa or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and afterwards Half-yearly by equal Portions, on or before the First Day of July and the First Day of January in every Year.

CAP. CLVH.

An Aft for granting the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds to John Palmer Esquire, in Confideration of the Public Services performed by the said John Palmer in the Improvement of the Poft Office Revenue.	[21	ft	July 1013.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

* YY7HEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom in Par-4 W liament assembled have resolved that a Sum not exceeding 4 Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to John Palmer Esquire, out 4 of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, in Confideration 4 of the Accommodation afforded to the Public, and the Benefit 4 derived to the Revenue from the Adoption of his Plan for the 4 Conveyance of the Mails, and in full Satisfaftion for the Services 4 performed by the said John Palmer And do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 50^001 granted present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the fame. That to John Calmer the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be issued and paid, out of folwitted FundT"	Confolidated	Fund	of	Great	Britain, to the said John Palmer

Esquire, without any Fee or other Deduftion whatsoever, in full Satisfa&ion and Difcharge for the Services performed by the fad John Palmer, in the Accommodation so afforded to the Public, aud the Benefit derived to the Poft Office Revenue as aforesaid ; ad which said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds the said John Palmer accepts in ful\ Satisfaction of such Services: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affe£t the Payment of a cenu Penfion or annual Allowance of Three thousand Pounds heretofore made to the said John Palmer out of the Revenues of the Pol Office, by virtue of an Order of the Lords Commiffioner* of His Majefty’s Treasury, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of Jaae One thousand seven hundred and ninety three.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Aft for vetting in His Majesty certain Parts of WinJfet Forejly in the County of Berks; and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Foreft.

[2lft July 1813.]

4 YI7HEREAS the King's Moft Excellent Majesty it feifrd, 4 W to Himself, his Heirs and Succeffort, of windsor Fortjk it 4 the County of Berks, subject to such Manorial Rights, Common of 4 Pafturage and other Rights as the Lords of Manors, Freeholder* 14

737

A.D.i8i3-	53° GEO. III.	C. 158.

4 and Copyholders of Lands and Tenements, situate and being in the 4 several Parifhcs within the said Foreft, have on those Parts of the • Open and Wade Lands, within the said respective Parilhes, where 4 such Lords of Manors, Freeholders or Copyholders are seised of 4 any such Manors, Lands and Tenements: And whereas the Bounds 4 and Limits of the said Foreft extend over and comprize the Whole 4 of the several Parifbes of Old Windfor, New Windfor, Winkjield,

4 Sunninghill,Binjicld,EaJlhampJlead, Sandhurjl, Finchampjlcad. Bark-4 ham, Wokingham and Arborjield, and Parts of the Parifhes of Clewer,

4 Bray, Hurjl and Swallowfielii, in the said County of Berks; and 4 there are within the said Foreft several Open Woods and Wafte 4 Lands, containing in the whole Twenty four thousand Acres or 4 thereabouts: And Whereas the King's Moft Excellent Majesty is Lords of 4 or claims to be seised, to Himself, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, of the Manors and 4 Manors of Old Windfor and New Windfor, in the said County of Claims of Ms. 4 Berks ; and in refpeA thereof, to be entitled to the Soil of all the nor,al R,Shts-4 Waftes within the said Manors, and the Timber thereon : And 4 Whereas Henry Powncy IJherwood^i\w\xe is or claims to be seised 4 and is in Pofleflion of the Manor or Lordfhip of Old and New 4 Windfor, in the said County of Berks, commonly called or known 4 by the Name or Style of 44 The Manor of the Redlory of Old 4 Windfor, in the County of Berks,” and in refpeA thereof claims 4 to be entitled to the Soil of all the Waftes within the said Manor,

4 and the Timber thereon : And Whereas a Suit is now depending 4 in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, between His Majefty's At-4 torney General on Behalf of His Majesty, and the said Henry Powney 4 IJherwood, touching the Right and Title to the said Manors of Old 4 and New Windfor: And Whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgeffes 4 of the Borough of New Windfor, in the County of Berks afore-4 said, claim some Right and Intereft in or to the Wafte Lands within 4 the said Parifh of New Windfor, intended as hereinafter mentioned 4 to be inclosed under the Powers of this A£, by virtue of certain 4 Charters or Grants from some of His Majefty's Royal Predeceffors s .

4 And Whereas the King's Moft Excellent Majesty is also seised, to 4 Himself, his Heirs and Succeffors, of the Scite of the Manor or Farm 4 of Shaw, in the Pari£h of New Windfor aforesaid, and in refpcA 4 thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the Scite 4 of the said Manor, and to the Timber thereon, fubjeA to a Grant 4 or Demife of the said Scite, with divers Lands thereto belonging 4 or appertaining, to the Queen's Moft Gracious Majesty, and Their 4 Five younger Daugliters: And Whereas Thomas Smith Barwell 4 Efquire claims the Manor or reputed Manor of Coworth, in the Parifh of Old Windfor, in the said County of Berks ; and in refpeA 4 thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in 4 the said Manor : And Whereas the King's Moft Excellent Majesty 4 is seised, to Himself, his Heirs and Succeffors, of the Manor of 4 Cookham in the said County of Berks, and in refpeA thereof 4 claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lanas within the 4 said Manor, and to the Timber thercou ; fubjett to a Leafe of the 4 said Manor of Cookham granted to the late Right Honourable 4 James Earl of Cardigan deceased, in Truft for His Majesty, and 4 now vested in the legal Rcprefentatives of the said Earl of Cardigan :

4 And Whereas Charles Browning Efquire claims to be seised of 4 the Manor or Lordfhip of Diapers, otherwise Deepers, otherwise 53 Geo. III.	3 B	*	Binjicld,

73«

C. 158.	53° GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

f Binjield\ within the Parifh of Binjield aforesaid, and in refpe&

* thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Waftes within 4 the said Manor : And Whereas a Suit is now depending in His

*	Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, between His Majefty’s Attorney 4 General on Behalf of His Majesty, and the said Charles Browning,

€ touching the Right of the said Charles Browning in and to the faid

Manor : And Whereas George Simpfon Efquire is seised to himfelf

*	and his Heirs, and is in Pofleffion of the Manor of Sunning hill, in 4 the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof claims to be entitled 4 to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the said Manor: And 4 whereas the Matter, Fellows and Scholars of Saint John9s College 4 in the Univerfity of Cambridge are seised to themselves and their 4 Succefiors, and are in Pofleffion of the Manor of Chavuridge,

4 and also of the Manor of Broom hall, and in refpe£l thereof 4 claim to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lanas within the 4 said Manors refpeflively: And Whereas the King’s Mott Excellent 4 Majesty is also seised to Himself, his Heirs and Succeflors, of the 4 Manor of Bray, in the said County of Berks, and in refpeA thereof 4 is also entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the said 4 Manor, and to the Timber thereon, subject to a Leafe of the said 4 Manor granted to the said late Earl of Cardigan, in Truft for His 4 Majesty, and now vetted in the legal Reprefentat' ves of the said Earl 4 of Cardigan: And Whereas Part of the said Wafte Lands in the said 4 last mentioned Manor are situate and lying wi bin the Limits and 4 Boundaries of the said Foreft of Windfor, and it is proposed that a 4 certain Part thereof, as hereinafter described, shall be veiled in His 4 Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, as a Compenfation for the 4 Right of His Majesty in and to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands 4 within the said Manor of Bray, and as an Equivalent for all Foreftal 4 Rights over all such other Parts of the said Manor as lie within the 4 Limits and Boundaries of the said Foreft: And Whereas the King’s 4 Moft Excellent Majesty is seised, to Himfelf and his Heirs, in his 4 *>wn private Right, of the Manor of Winkjield, in the said County 4 of Berks, and in respect thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil 4 of all the Wafte Lands within the said Manor, and His Majesty is 4 entitled to the Timber and other Trees (landing on certain Parts of 4 the Wafte Lands within the said Manor: And Whereas Daniel 4 Agace Efquire claims fonie Right and Intereft in the Soil of the 4 Wafte Lands within the said Parifhes of Sunninghill and Winkjield\ 4 or one of them, in Right of his Manor or reputed Manor of Afcvt, 4 otherwise EJlcott, alleged to be within the said Pariffies of Sunning-4 hill and Winkjield: And Whereas Arthur Vanjitlart Efquire is seised 4 to himself and his Heirs of the Manor of Clewer, in the said County € of Berks, and in refpefl thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the 4 Wafte Land8 within the said Manor; and His Majesty is entitled to 4 all the Timber and other Trees Handing on all and every the Wafte 4 Lands within the said Manor; and Part of the Wafte Lands of 4 the said Manor containing Three hundred and thirty two Acres 4 Three Roods and Thirty seven Perches, including Lanes and 4 Roads, lie within the said Foreft of Windfor, on great Part whereof 4 there is Timber now (landing, the Property of His Majesty : And 4 Whereas the Honourable Laura Keppel is Lady of the Manor of 4 Clewer, B roc as and Dedworth Man [cl, situate in the Parifhes of 4 New Windfor and Clewer, and the Hamlet of Dedworth, in the

4 County

739

A.D.1813*

53* GEO. III.

C.158.

County of Berks, and as such claims to be entitled to the Wafte Land and the Timber growing thereon, within and belonging to the said Manor: And Whereas the moll Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downjhire is seised to himself and his Heirs of the Manor and Park of Eajhampstead, in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the said Manor:

And Whereas Richard Heaviftde Efquire is seised to himself and his Heirs of the Manor of Sandhurjl, in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the said Manor: And Whereas Charles Fyfhe Palmer Efquire is seised to himself and his Heirs of the Manor or Finchamp-Jlead East Court, in the Parilh of Finchampstead, in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the said Manor: And Whereas the Reverend Henry Ellis Saint John Clerk claims theManor of FinchampJleadlVeJl Court, in the said Parilh of Finchampjlead\ and in respect thereof to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the said Manor:

And Whereas John Levefon Gower Efquire is seised to himself and his Heirs of the Manor of Bark ham, in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the said Manor: And whereas Robert Palmer Esquire, an Infant, or his Trustees, is or are seised of the Manor of Sonning and the Hundred of Sonning, in the said County of Berks, and in refpe6l thereof is or are entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the said Manor of Sonning : And Whereas George Henry Crutchley Esquire, and William Charles Lamplow Esquire, claim the Manors of Beaches and Mayes, and Norreyfes otherwise Norrys, in the Parilh of Wokingham in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof to be entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the said Manors : And Whereas Charles Cove is seised of the Manor of Buckhurjl, in the said County of Berks, and in refpetl thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the said Manor: And Whereas John Roberts Efquire is seised to him and his Heirs of the Manor or reputed Manor ot Evendons otherwise Even-dens, in the Parilh of Wokingham, in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the said Manor: And Whereas Timothy Hare Earle Efquire is seised to him and his Heirs of the Manor or reputed Manor of Swallowjield in the said County of Berks, and in respect thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the said Manor: And Whereas the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, and also in His separate Capacity and private Right, is, and several other Persons are, seised of divers inclosed Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within all or some of the Manors, Parilhes and Liberties aforesaid, and in Right thereof (fubje& as to the greater Part thereof to the Foreftal Right of His Majesty) are entitled to Rights of Common in and over the open Parts of the said Foreft of Windfor : And whereas it has been proposed, on the Part of His Propofed Divi-Majcfty, that a Divilion and Inclofure of the Open and Wafte Lands within the said Foreft shall be made on the following Terms Land* ii and Conditions ; that is to fay, That in each and every of such the Foreft. Parilhes, the Whole whereof lie within the Boundaries and Limits of the said Foreft, and such Parilhes, Part whereof only lie within the said Boundaries and Limits, there shall be fet out and allotted,

3 B 2

4 i*

74®

Allotment* amounting to Nine Thirty fee owl Parts *»f the Wafte to b* made to His Majesty in all the Patilhes in tilt Forelt.

Specific Parts of Waite* allotted t* His Majesty.

C. 158.	53 GEO. III.	AJD.1813.

4 in the manner hereinafter mentioned, unto and for His Majesty, his

*	Heirs and SuccefTors, in full Satisfadion for all His Rights of Forelt,

*	fo much of the Open and Wade Lands within each of the said Pa-

*	rilhes or Parts of Parilhes and Liberties so lying within the faid

*	Boundaries and Limits, as shall amount and be equal to Nine

*	Thirty second Parts of the whole of the Open and Walle Lands ia 4 each of the said Parilhes or Parts of Parilhes and Liberties refpee-

*	tively, Quantity and Quality conlidered; and that certain Parts of 4 the said Open and Wafte Lands hereinafter particularly defcribtd,

*	lhall form Part of the said Allotment, and that after such Nine Thirty 4 second Parts shall be so fet out and allotted for His Majesty as afore-4 said, all the Remainderof the Open and Wafte Lands within the laid 4 Foreli shall remain to and for the Ufe and Benefit of all the Lords

*	of Manors and Owners of the Soil of the Wafte Lauds, and the Prc-« prietors of inclofid Lands and Tenements within the said Fcrest, 4 having Rights of Common thereon, and unto or for the Ufe or 4 Benefit of the Poor of the respective Parilhes and Liberties with'* 4 the said Foreft:* Yet forafmucn as such Propofal cannot be carried into Effedl without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners hereinafter to be named on the Part of His Majesty and the Owners and Proprietors of Eftates in the said Pari flies respectively, and they are hereby required, to fet out and allot unto and for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflbrs, in each and every of the Parilhes within the uid Forelt, so much of the Open and Walle Land within each and every of such Parilhes and Liberties, Quantity, Quality and Situation considered, as shall be equal to Nine Thirty second Parts of the whole of the Wafte Lands in each and every of such Parilhes and Liberties respectively, which fiiall lie and be within the Boundaries and Limits of the laid Foreft of IVindfor, in Satisfaction of His Majesty*s Forcftal Rights in and over such Parilhes refpeCtivdy.

II. And be it further enabled. That such Parts of the said Com-mons and Wafte Lands as are hereinafter particularly mentioned and described, shall form and be considered as Part of the said Allotment, and shall be accordingly let out and allotted by the said CommiHioners to and for the exclusive Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-celTors, either in full or in part (as the case may be) of the said Nine Thirty second Parts of the said Commons and Wactes, or of such other Parts of the said Commons and Waftes as His Majesty may be entitled to under or by virtue of any of the Provifions herein contained ; that is to fay, in the Parilh of Clewer afore said, so much of the said Common and Wafte Lands as lies on the North Side of Cranbourn Part, extending on the West, South and North, as far as the Limits of the said Parilh, and on the East as far into the said Parilh of Clewer, as may be necessary to give the aforesaid Proportion of Nine Thirty second Parts, or such other Parts as aforesaid ; and in the Parilh of Bray aforesaid, so much of the laid Common and Wafte Lands as is called or known by the Name of Bray wood or New Lodge Wood, and whereon Timber is now growing, or by whatsoever other Name or Names such Part of the said Walls

C^

741

A.D.1813.'	53'GEO. III.	C. 158.

so covered with Wood as afcrefaid may be called or known, bounded on the South* and East Sides by the said Parilh of Clewer, and on the North by the Enclofures in the said Parilh of Bray, and on the Wed by other Parts of the Common and Wade of the said Parifh of Bray, commonly called Sparborough Hill; and in the Parifh of Winhjield afoi csaid, so much of the said Commons and Wade Lands as is called or known by the Name of Winhjield Plain, bounded on the Wed Side by the Road from New Lodge to Hatchet Lane ; and also so much of the Open Wood and Wade Lands called Cranbourn Chace and Wood, as contain Eight hundred and fix Acres, be the fame more or less, and extending to the Northern Extremity of the Parifh of Sunninghill on the Wed, near an Inclofure called Gofdens, and also extending to the Stream which divides the said Parifhcs of Winhjield and Sunninghill; and in the Parifh of Old Windfor, Two Pieces or Parcels of Land lying near IVinkjield Plain, and being Part of Cranlcurn IVood or Chace, containing together Eighty Acres One Rood and Sixteen Perches, one of which Pieces being Part of Winhjield Plain, contains by Admeafuremeiit Thirty Acres and Six Perches, and the other Piece being Part of Cranhcurn Wood, contains by Admeafurement Fifty Acres One Rood and Ten Perches; and in the said Parifh of Sunninghill, all that Piece or Parcel of Open Commou or Wade Ground appropriated for, and used a long time pad as a Race Ground, being Part of the Heath called Afoot Heath, with proper Avenues thereto, and an Area or Spa^e of Ground on the Boundaries and round the Race Courfes there, as the fame arc now fet out with Stakes, and containing by Admeafurement Two hundred and fix Acres Three Roods and Three Perches, and all Erc&ions and Buildings, Pods, Rails and Fences of every Defcrip-tion thereon, which Piece of Ground shall be kept and continued as a Race Courfe for the public Ufe at all times, as it has usually been ; and in the said Parilh of New Windfor, all those several Pieces or Parcels of Open Wood or Wade Land, containing in the whole Two hundred and seventy eight Acres Three Roods and Thirty Perches ; that is to fay, a Piece of Common or Wade Land called Hog Common, containing by Admeafurement Nineteen Acres and Three Roods ; and one other Piece of Common or Wade Land, being Part of Winhfeld Plain, containing by Admeafurement Eighty eight Acres and Two Roods ; one other Piece of Wade Land lying near Winhjield Plain aforesaid, partly covered with Wood, containing by Admeafurement One hundred and two Acres One Rood and Thirty four Perches; and one other Piece of Wafte Land thereto adjoining, partly covered with Wood, lying South of Cranbourn Lodge, containing by Admeafurement Sixty one Acres Two Roods and Twenty Perches ; and one other Piece of Wade Land called Glaciers Common, containing Four Acres and Ten Perches ; and the Lane palling East and West through Shaw Farm, containing Two Acres Two Roods and Eight Perches } and all the Timber and other Trees, Coverts and Bulbed, Handing, growing or being thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Commiflioners shall Allotments to and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out, allot and His Majdty -i award unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, such Part or Parts v?rd cemn* of the Wafte Grounds, within such of the said Parilhes and Liberties ano^,’ in which His Majesty is interfiled as Lord of a Manor or Manors,

3 B 3	in

74*

Remainder of

Wafte Lands in Foreft for Be-nefit of Lords of Manors and Perlbns having Common Rights *c.

General Saving*

Allotment to His Mijefty freed and dif-charged from Common Rights. Icc.

Boundaries to be afcertnined, itc by Commif-firmer*.

C.158.	53°GEO.in.	aB.iSi3<

in Right of His Crown or in His individual Capacity, as in the Judgment of the said Commiflioners shall be equal in Value to Two Thirty second Parts of the Wafte Grounds within such Manor or Manors respectively, as a full Compenfation and Satisfaction for the Manorial Rights and Interefts of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in and to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the said several Manors re-fpe&ively ; and also so much of the said Wafte Grounds as may he a full and fair Allotment in respect of the Proprietary Rights, to which His Majesty in Right of His Crown, or otherwise, is or may be entitled in any of the said Parifhes and Liberties respectively.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Remainder of the Wafte Lands within the said Foreft of Windfor> not so allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors as aforesaid, shall remain for the Benefit of the several other Lords of Manors, Owners of Soil, and other Persons having Rights of Common within the said Foreft, and unto and for the Ule and Benefit of the Poor of the respective Pa-rifhes and Liberties within the said Foreft, to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, according to their several and respective Rights and Interefts therein, freed and dif-charged of and from all Rights, Cuftoms and Laws of the said Foreft, of and belonging to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffors 5 Saving nevertheless to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, all Timber and other Trees (landing and being in or upon such Remainder of tile Wafte Lands within the said Foreft, with full Power to enter on the said Lands, and cut down and carry away the fame, or otherwise to dispose thereof, in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all such Allotments so to be made to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors as aforesaid, shall be freed and discharged of and from all Right of Common of what

, Nature or Kind soever, and be held and enjoyed by His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in Severalty ; and /nail be deemed and taken to be a full Compenfation and Satisfa&ion for all Foreftal Rights, Claims and Demands whatsoever of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in, over and upon any of the Open or Inclofed Grounds, within the said Foreft.

VI.	And whereas Difputes or Doubts may arise concerning the Boundaries of Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties, and Diftri&s or Places, to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Ad, and of Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties, Diftrids or Places adjoining thereto ; Be it therefore enacted, That the Commiffioner hereby appointed on Behalf of His Majesty, and the Commiffioner hereby appointed on Behalf of all the Proprietors, and their refpedbve SuccefTors, shall and they are hereby authorized, whenever any such Doubts shall arise or exist, by Perambulation, Examination of Wit-nefles upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation any One of such Commiflioners is hereby empowered to administer), or by such other legal ways and means as he or they shall think proper, to enquire into the Boundaries of such several Parifhes, Manors, Liberties, Hamlets, Diftri&s or Places ; and in case it shall appear to such Commiflioners, that the Boundaries of the fame refpc&ively are not then fufliciently ascertained and distinguished, such Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to afeertain, fet

743

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.IIL	C.158.

.out, determine and fix the fame respectively; and after the said Boundaries shall be so ascertained, fet out, determined and fixed, the fame shall and are hereby declared to be the Boundaries of such Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties, Diftri&s or Places : Provided Provlf* always, that such Commiflioners (before they proceed to ascertain and fct out the Boundaries of such Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties,

Diftri&s or Places) shall and they are hereby required to give Ten Days’ public Notice, by inferring the fame in One of the County Papers, and affixing a like Notice on the Church Doors of the feverai Parifhes interested, of their Intention to perambulate, and of the Time and Place from whence they shall begin so to do ; and also by Writing, to be delivered to or left at the last or usual Places of Abode of the respective Lords or Stewards of the Lords of the Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed fnall be fituatc, and of such adjoining Manor or Manors, Ten Days at lead before the time of Perambulating and setting out such Boundaries, of his or their Intention to perambulate, ascertain, fet out, determine and fix the fame respectively; and such Commiflioners shall within One Month after their ascertaining and setting out the fame, cause a Defcription thereof in Writing to be delivered to, or left at the Places of /Ibode of One of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the refpec-tive Parifhes, and also of such respective Lords or Stewards.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Boundaries Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall consider him-

self, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the said Commiflioners, respecting the Limits or Boundaries of any Parifh, Manor, Township, Hamlet, Diftrift or Place upon the said Open Commonable Parts of the said Foreft, or of any Parifli, Manor, Township, Hamlet, Diftrift or Place adjoining thereto, as the fame shall be fct out and ascertained by the Taid Commiflioners, and shall, by Writing under their, his or her Hands or Hand, give Notice to the said Commiflioners within One Calendar Month next after such Determination, of his, her or their Defire to have the fame determined by an I flue at Law, then, and in such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied with such Determination, to have the fame ascertained by Trial of an Iflue at Law, in like manner at any disputed Right or Claim is hereby authorized or directed to be tried.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That upon and immediately after Upon Allot-

such Divifion and Allotments to His Majesty under this A& shall being have been made, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and	Im*

Succeflors, immediately to inclose and continue inclosed the whole of indofed/ the said feverai Allotments of the said Waite Lands so to be vefted

in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, discharged and exonerated of and from all Common Rights as hereinbefore mentioned, at such time or times, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commiflioners, in and by their Award to be made as hereinafter mentioned, shall order, direct and appoint.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful ^^fnUT?(ur" for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land of His Revenues for the time being, by and with the Confent and Appro- with Content of bation of the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for Tiwfury. the time being, as well before as after the making the Award of

3 B 4	the

v^.

744

the (aid Commiflioners, to contraft and agree with, and to purchafe

for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heir* and Succeffors, from any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment of Land under this A&, and be willing to fell the fame at a Price or Prices to be agreed on, all or any Part of their refpetlive Allotments to be made to them under this Ad.

Power of Entry X. And it further loacted, That it shall be lawful to and for to cut Timber. jjj8 Maje{^y$ his Heirs and Succeffors, and all and every other Person and Persons entitled to any Timber or other Trees (landing and being on any of the Wafte Lands hereby intended to be inclosed. within the Space of Two Years from the palling of this Ad, with Workmen, Labourers, Servants and Agents, Horfes, Carts and Carriages, to have and take free Ingrefs and Egrefsinto and upon the several Wafte Lands so to become the Properly of the several Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, having Rights of Common within the said several Pa-riflies as aforesaid, to fell, cut down, grub up, remove, fell aRd dispose of all or any of the said Timber Trees and other Trees.

* XI. And whereas divers Pieces or Parcels of Open and Wafte 4 Land within the said Foreft have been at divers times inclosed 4 by His Majesty to and for His own Ufe, and Compenfation has 4 been made by His Majesty to the Persons entitled to Right of 4 Common thereon for such their Right of Common ; and His Majesty 4 has made some small Purchafes and Exchanges of Open Wafte 4 and Wood Land from the Persons in Pofleflion thereof, and also 4 of Old inclosed Lands, and which have been laid into and now 4 form Part of the Park called Wtndfor Great Park, or other Dcmefne 4 Lands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors $ and His Majesty 4 has also from time to time given Leave and Licence, by His 4 own Sign Manual, or other Inftrument under His Hand, or by 4 Leave of the Lord Chief Juftice in Eyre, or the Lord Warden of 4 the said Foreft for the time being, to divers Persons to inclose 4 several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Parts of the Open Wafte 4 Laud within the said Foreft; and such Persons have also made 4 Compenfation to the Persons having Right of Common thereon 4 for such their Right of Common and divers other Persons have 4 from time to time made some Inclofures of small Pieces of Land, 4 Parts of the Open Wafte Land within the said Foreft ; but such 4 Persons have made some Compenfation to the Persons entitled to 4 Right of Common thereon for such their Right of Common ; 4 and which last mentioned Pieces or Parcels or Land are indivi-4 dually and separately of small and inconsiderable Value ; and in 4 apportioning the several Parts of the said Foreft so to be allotted 4 to His Majesty as aforesaid, and of the several Parts thereof so 4 to be appropriated to the Proprietors of Land having Rights 4 of Common within the said Foreft, it is deemed reasonable, that 4 His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the several other Per-4 fons and their Heirs, now in Pofleflion of the said several Pieces 4 or Parcels of Land so acquired, and for which some such Com-4 penfation was made as aforesaid, should be quieted in the Pofleflion Certain Pieces 4 thereof Be it therefore further enabled, That all and every such of Land now in- Pieces and Parcels of Land so inclosed by His Majesty, or purchased closed. veiled in or exchanged by Him as aforesaid, and all and every Pieces and His Majesty. parcels of Land so inclosed as aforesaid, by or under any Autho-t>rior°to ift Sept. nty His Majesty, or the Lord Chief Juftice in Eyre, or Lord

Warden

A. D.i^i3.	53° GEO. III.	C.	158.

Warden of the said Foreft, or other Person authorized or supposed or presumed to be authorized as aforesaid, previous to the Firfl Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be for ever thereafter held and enjoyed by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, and the several Person or Persons nowin Pofleflion, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits as Owners thereof respectively, and their respective Heirs and Afligns, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Rights of Common, or other Rights whatsoever, of any Person or Persons whom-soever, in, over and upon the fame, and of and from all Claims of Foreft, or other Rights or Claims whatsoever, of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever: Provided always, that where any such lnclofure or Inclosures, Encroachment or Encroachments shall, within Ten Years previous to the pafli g of this Ad, have been made without such Authority as aforesaid, the respective Commiflioners hereinafter appointed for the respective Parilhes and Liberties hereinafter mentioned, are hereby empowered and required to allot and award the fame lnclofure or Inclosures, Encroachment or Encroachments, to such Person or Persons whose Allotment or Allotments may surround or adjoin the fame, as Part of his, her or their Allotment or Allotments ; and the said Commiflioners respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall respectively think fit, to order a moderate and reasonable Compenfation out of the Monies to be raised by the said Commif-fioners hereinafter appointed for the respective Parilhes and Liberties by virtue of this Ad, to be paid to the Person or Persons in Pofleflion of any such Encroachment or lnclosure, as a Compenfation for the Colls and Expences which he or they may have laid out and expended in fencing, planting or otherwise, in the Improvement thereof; and from and immediately after the executing the Award of the said last mentioned respective Commiflioners, such Encroachment or Encroachments shall thenceforth be veiled in such Person or Persons respectively to whom the fame shall have been so allotted and awarded by the said Commiflioners respectively.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall be construed to veil, or intended to veil in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflors, any Lands purchased by His Majesty or any other Person or Persons in Trull for Him, with His own ptoper Monies, or acquired by Exchange for other Lands of His Majesty, purchased with His own proper Money, and which have not yet been added to or made Part of IVindfor Great Park, or other the Demefne Lands of The Crown ; but that all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so purchased or acquired by His Majesty, or any other Person or Persons in Trull for Him as aforesaid, shall remain, continue and be His Majcfty’s Private Property to all Intents and Pnrpofes whatsoever, and shall not defeend or be descendible to His Majefty’s Succefibrs in Right of The Crown, unless by some proper Deed or Inftrument duly executed by His Majesty for that Purpofe.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to bar, defeat or prejudice His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, from pursuing and prosecuting any Suit inllitutcd and now depending on Behalf of His Majesty, touching any Rights, Claims or Demands of His Majesty,

*	his

74 S

181 i, confirmed, See.

Commiflioners in certain cases may award Encroachments to adjoining Proprietors, and order reasonable Com-penfuion to Persons in PolTeiEon.

Lands purchased by His Majesty out of his own Monies, to continue his Private Property.

His Majesty not barred from prosecuting certain Suits touching His CLims, Itc.

Date of Encroachments determined by Commiflioners.

Public Carriage Roads fet out, and certain Lanes flopped up.

Commif&oners of Woods, 8cc. empowered to purchale Cottages, &c. on Wafle Lands allotted to His Majesty.

his Heirs and Succeffors, to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Royalties, Franchites, Rights, Liberties or Privileges whatsoever within the said Foreft.

XIV.	And be it further enacted and declared. That if any Difpute • shall arise as to the Space of time during which any such Indofures or Encroachments shall have been made or subsisted, the fame shall be examined into and determined by the laid lad mentioned Com-mifiioners.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commifiioner hereinafter appointed on the Behalf of His Majesty for the Purpofes of this Ad, and the Commifiioner to be appointed for and on the Behalf of the several Proprietors of Land in the said several Parifhes respectively, as hereinafter mentioned, shall in their respective Parifhes appoint, afcertaiu and fet out all such Public Carriage Roads and Highways, over the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted and fet out to His Majesty ; and that all such Public Roads and Highways which shall he so ordered by the said Commifiioners as aforesaid, with all nece(-fary Drains, Watercourses, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, shall he made, and for ever hereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Cofts and Charges of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors: Provided always, that the several Lanes called Kimber9* Lane, Slough Bridge Lane, and Gad9/ Laney and all Ways and Paffages by and through the said Lanes or any of them, into the said Allotments so to be made to His Majesty in the said Parifh of Bray, shall be flopped up and no longer used as Ways or Paffages into the fame; and that no other Carriage Road, Bridle Road, Drift Road or Public Highways, for any Purpofe whatever, shall be made, used or fet out, across, over or upon the said last mentioned Allotment or any Part or Parts thereof, except an ancient Carriage Road or Highway now used as such, from the Parifh of Wtnkjield, leading into a Lane called Fifield Lane, and from thence to the Town of Maidenhead ; and alfb another Carriage Road or Highway from the South End of the said Lane called Fifield Lancy to the Parifh of White Waltham, which Two several Roads or Highways are to be continued and used for all public Purpofes whatever.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That, for removing all Cottages within the several Allotments so to be made to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the (aid Commifiioners of his Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, by and with the Confent of the Lords Commifiionen of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to purchase any Cottages, with the Gardens and Lands thereto belonging, which are (landing and being on the Wafle Lands hereby vested in His Majesty as aforesaid, and that a fatiafa&ory Exchange or a reasonable Compenfation in Money shall be made by His Majesty. his Heirs or Succeffors, for the fame, to the several Proprietors thereof and the Persons respectively intert sted therein ; the Amount of such Compenfation to be ascertained and fettled by the Commifiioner hereinafter named on the Part of His Majesty, and some Person or Persons to be appointed on the Behalf of such Proprietors and Persons interested in such Cottages and Gardens and Laad thereto respectively belonging as aforesaid; and in case the (aid

CotB-

747

A.D.i8i3-	53-GEO.HI.	C. 158.

Commifhoner, and such other Person or Persons so to be named on When Owners

Behalf of the said Proprietors and Person* interested, shall not agree of Cotuges, &c.

as to the Quantum or Compenfation to be paid by His Majesty, his j^le t°ratr.eat

Heirs and Succeffors, for such Cottages, Gardens, and Land as afore- anTs«?J^on

said, or the said Person or Persons so interested in such Cottages, Gar- fettled by Jury.

dens or Land shall, for the Space of Twenty one Days after Notice

to him, her or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe

or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons,

negledl or refuse to nominate any proper Person or Persons, to

afcertain and fettle such Compenfation in manner aforesaid, or to

treat, or shall not agree in the Prcmises, or by reason of Abfence

/hall be prevented from treating for any such Sale or Sales, or accept

such Compenfation as aforesaid, then and in every or any such cale,

the said Commiflioner hereinafter named on the Part of His Majesty,

shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Berks, what Compenfation and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Proprietors or Persons interested, for the Purchafe of the said Cottages, Gardens and Land ; and Fourteen Days Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting of such Jury shall be given in manner aforesaid 5 and the Sheriff of the said County of Berks, or his Deputy, WitnefTes txa-is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time to mined on Oath, summon or cause to be summoned before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined concerning the Premifes (which Oath the said Sheriff or his Deputy is or are hereby empowered to administer) 5 and he the said Sheriff is hereby further empowered to order and direct the said Jury, if necessary, to ▼ietf the Places in aueftion, with or without Shewers, at the Will of the Parties ; and after the Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained and fettled such Compenfation and Recompence, the said Commif-lioner shall order and direct the Sum 01* Sums of Money which shall be so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or the Person or Persons interested in the said Cottages, Gardens and Land, according to such Verdi& or Inquifition and Judgment of the said Jury; which VerdiA or Inquifition and Judgment Verdi&ofjury or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding ana con- fintl. elusive to all Intents and Purposes, again ft all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim, in Pofsession, Reversion, Remainder, Expe&ancy or otherwise, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert and Persons under any Difability whatsoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and every Person and Persons any ways interested in such Cottages,

Gardens and Land, shall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title, Claim,

Intereft and Property, of, in, to or out of the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That, for the summoning and By Warrant of returning such Jury or Juries, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Commiflloners appointed for the Purpofes of this A &, and they are hereby em- ™ct powered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff of impannela Jurjv the County of Berks$ thereby commanding him to impannel, summon and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty four Persons, to appear at

fuch

^'hallen£«-

Sheriff and WitnefTes, &c. making Default.

Penalty.

How Expenccs of Jury paid.

such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall b£ appointed ; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy is and are hereby required to impanne!, summon and return. Twenty four such Persons as afore-said; and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff or hit Deputy, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, w'ho shall be the Jury for the Purpofe aforesaid ; and in Default of a fufEcient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Duputy shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons intereded shall have their lawful Challenges againd any of the said Jurymen, as in ordinary cases of the like nature.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff or his Duputy who shall be so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, shall make Default in the Premises, or if any Person so furamoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn, or to give his Verdid, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or, appearing, fl\all refuse to be examined or give Evidence, it shall be lawful for Two or more Judices of the Peace acting for the County wherein such Cottages, Gardens and Land shall he, and they are hereby required, upon Complaint being made to them in Writing, to summon any Person so offending before them, and upon the Oaths of WitnefTes (which Oaths the said Judices are hereby empowered and required to adminider) to hear and determine, at any Petty Seflions to be held within and for such County, the Matter of Complaint ; and every Person who shall be found so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, by the legal Adjudication and Determination of the said Judices, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which said Penalty shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of the said Judices, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person Or Persons so offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale shall be deduced 5 aud every such Penalty so recovered from the said Sheriff, or from any Perfca who shall have been so summoned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Party who shall appear to the said Judices to be injured by the Default of such Person.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verditt for more Money as a Compenfation for the Right, Intered or Property of any Person or Persons in any Cottages, Gardens or Land as aforesaid, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commiflioner on the Part of His Majedy, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Compenfation or Satisfaction for any such Right, Intered or Property as aforesaid, that then and in such case the full Cods and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and WitnefTes, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors ; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a VerdiCt for no more, or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and been offered by the said CommifConer

on

\

on the Part of His Majesty, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Compenfation and Satisfaction for any such Right, Intereft or Property as aforesaid, that then the full Cods and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnestes, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commiffioner on the Part of His Majesty shall have such Con-troverfy orDifpute; which said Cofts and Expences having been afcer-tained and fettled by the Mafter of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and fettle the fame), ftiall and may be deduded out of the Money so adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged; or other-wile such Cofts and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, may be recovered by the Commissioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, by Adion or Suit in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Weft-minlter: Provided always, that in cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Abfence, have been prevented from treating in manner aforesaid, the whole Cofts and Expences shall be borne and paid by His Majesty in manner aforesaid.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money by way of Compenfation or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall, by and with the Consent, Order and Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be paid by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being; and that upon Payment thereof as aforesaid, or in case of Refufal to accept the fame, then on depositing such Sum or Sums of Money in the Bank of England in manner by this Ad directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Surveyor General for the time being, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, to enter into and upon and take Poffeffion of the said Cottages, Gardens and Land respectively, and to do all and every such Ad, Matter and Thing in relation to such Cottages, Gardens and Land, as the said; Commif. doners or Surveyor General for the time being shall think proper; and the said Cottages, Gardens and Land shall thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the Lands belonging to His Majesty, and shall be vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the Pur-

. poles of this Ad.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Cottages, Gardens and Lands purchased by virtue of this Ad for the Purpofes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Ad, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the

Diredion

PfQvifo.

Money allowed for Cottages, how paid or deposited.

Application of Compenfaiion to* Bt dies Politic, &c. where exceeding aocL

LmOOQ le

750

C. 158.	53®	GEO.	IIL	A.D.1813.

Application where Compeu-fation does not exceed aocl nor left than aol.

A

Application where Money is left than 20U

Dire&ion and with Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rent* and Profits of the said Cottages, Gardens and Land, in the Purcbafe of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Cottages, Gardens and Land, or affe&ingthe Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame (nail be laid out or inTested, under the like Dire&ion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon such and the like Ufrs, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the fame manner as the Cottages, Gardens and Land, which shall be so purchased as afote&d, flood fettled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect ; and in the mean time and until such Purchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confo-lidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, tod in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being hare been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Cottages, Gardens and Land so to be purchased, in case such Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Cottages, Gardens and Land, purchased for the Purpofes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Difabiliity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Cottages, Gardens and Land so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the (aid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hems-before dire£led; or otherwise the fame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned,

(hall

A.D.i8i3-

530 GEO. HI.

C. 158.

75*

/hall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Cottages, Gardens and Land so purchased for the Purpofe of this Ad, in such manner as the said Trustees shall think fit 5 or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- In case of not fon9 to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the mak,n? out Purchafe of any Cottages, Gardens and Land to be purchased by T»tlc, or ifPer-virtue of this Ad, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be found^pmchai'e able to make out a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfadion Money paid into of the said Commiflioners ; or in case such Person or Persons to whom Bank,

such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Cottages,

Gardens and Land be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Persons interested in the said Cottages, Gardens and Land \jdefcrtbing /Arml, subject to the Order, subject to Order Controul and Difpofition of the said Court of Chancery; which said of Court Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons Chancery* making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and i9 hereby empowered, in a luminary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, according to the respective Eftate or Estates, Title or Intereft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premifes as to the fame Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sumsof Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Queftion where any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Cottages, Gardens and Land, or of any Estate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in jmrfuance of this Ad, or to any time of Purchafe Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Divi- deemed entitled dends or Interefts of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or thereto. Persons who shall have been in PofTeffion of such Cottages, Gardens

or .Lands at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poffeffion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Cottages, Gardens or Lands, according to such Pofsession, until the contrary shall be (hewn to the Satisfadion of the said Court

of

*5

Queftion shall arise touching Money to be paid into Bank, the Person in Pofleflion at

C. 158.

53' GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Court of Clian-o. ry may order Kxpences of ccr-tr.in Ftirchafesro

of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefts of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly ; unless it /hall be made appear to the said Court that such Foffcffion was a wrongful Po/Teffion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Cottages, Gardens or Lands, or tu some Eftate or Intereft therein. .

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enabled, That where by reafou of any Difability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, ent-ilkd to any Cottages, Gardens or Land, to be pur-te paid hy Com- chafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the iniihoners. fame /hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pursuance of this Aft, it /hall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made ia pursuance of this Aft ; and so much of such Expences as the said Court /hall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commiflioners oot of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who /hall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpofes as the said Court /hall direct.

* XXVII. And whereas the said Arthur Marquis of Do*usnJhire

*	infills that the said Manor, and also the Park of Eajlhampstead, to

*	which he derives his Title through and under certain Grants made

*	by His Majefty’s Royal Predeceffors and other Affurances, are

*	exempt from all the Laws of the said Foreft and all the Rights of

*	The Crown in respect thereof, and consequently that His said Ma-

*	jefty is not entitled to any Allotment of Land within the laid

*	Manor C ~

or Pari/h (which are co-extenfive) Be it therefore en-acted, That it /hall be lawful for His Majesty, by his Attorney General, to proceed to a Trial at Law at the next Spring Affixes for

of Crown, tried at Affites> for Beklhire, kc

Marquis of Downfhire’s

Claim to Manor tjie County of Berks, in a feigned Aftion or Aftions for that Pulliam fteid « ~ P0^ t0 commenced in His Majeity’s Court of King's Bench, empt fromVoreft Common Pleas or Exchequer at Westminster, against the said Arthur J.aws or Rights Marquis of Downshire, his Heirs or Afsigns, or the Person or Persons entitled to the said Manor for the time being; and the Defendant or Defendants in such A6tion or Aftions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who /hall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Iffue or I flues, whereby the Matter in question may be properly tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iflues to be fettled by tne proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which such Aftion or Aftions /hall be brought, if the Parties /hall differ about the fame) ; and if at the Trial of any such Iffue or I flues it /hall appear that His Majesty is not entitled to any Foreftal Right or Intereft within the said Manor and Pari/h of Eajlhampjlead% for which a Compenfation ought to be made, then fuen Jury or Juries by whom such Iffue or Inues /hall be tried, /hall find for the Defendant or Defendants, in which case this Aft, or any things therein contained, /hall not apply to or affect the fame Manor and rarifh or any Part thereof; but if it /hall appear to such Jury or Juries that Lis said Majesty is entitled to such Foreftal Rights or Interefts within the fame Manor and Pari/h, as are claimed by and beloug to His Ma-jetly, in and over the Pari/hes and Places within the regard of the said Foreft, then such Jury or Juries /hall find for the Plaintiff, and

then

C^

753

A.D.i8i3*	53	GEO;III.	C.	158%

then and in such case the said Manor and Parifh shall be deemed to be within the ProvifionB of this Ad, and the Commons and Wafte Lands thereof shall be subject to such Provifions and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be awarded to His Majesty, as are in this Ad contained in relation to the said Parifhes and Manors, and Waftcs and Commons within the regard of the said Foreft 5 but if it shall appear to the said Jury that His Majesty is entitled to Foreftal Rights and Interefts within the fame Manor and Parifh, but that such Rights have been diminished or reftrided by Grants or Charters or other means, so as that such Foreftal Rights of His Majesty are not so extensive in the said Manor and Parifh as in the other Parifhes and Manors mentioned in this Ad, then and in such last mentioned case such Jury or Juries shall find and declare by their Verdid, that His Majesty has only limited Foreftal Rights in the said Manor and Parifh, which shall be indorsed on the Poftea ; and then the said Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdid or Verdicts given in the Iffue or IfTues joined, shall assess and award what Proportion of the Soil of the Wafte and Open Lands within the fame Manor and Parifh would be a just and fair Compenfation for such His said Majefty’s Foreftal Rights therein, and the Verdid or Verdids which shall be given in such Adion or Adions, and such Special Finding or Indorfement, shall be binding as well upon His said Majesty, his Heirs and Sue* cefTors, as the said Marquis, his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Persons interested in the said Manor; unless the Court wherein such Adion or Adions shall be brought shall fet aside such Verdid or Verdids, Finding and Indorfement, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had thereupon (which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufuai in other cases); and after such Verdid or Verdids, Special Finding and Indorfement shall be given, the fame not being fet aside by the Court, the said Commifiioners shall and they are hereby autho* rized and required tp act in Conformity thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General, and the Defendant or Defendants at any such Trial, in case such last men-tioned Verdid shall be, that His Majefty’s Foreftal Rights are limited in the said Manor and Parifh, to agree to refer the Proportion of Compenfation to such Referees or Referee as shall at such Trial be approved of by the Judge trying such Iffue or IfTues; and the Amount of the Proportion so ascertained shall, when fettled, be en. dorfed upon the Poftea as Part of the Finding of the Jury, in like manner as if the fame had been so ascertained and afTefTed by the Jury as aforesaid : Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Adion or Adions shall be depending, upon fuflicient Caufe (hewn, to put />ff the Trial of the fame, although the time hereby limited for such Trial may be thereby exceeded ; but if such Adion or Adions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the next Spring Alfizes for the County of Berks, by means of the Negled or Default of the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in such case the Allotment to be made by the said Commifiioners in respect thereof, shall be deemed to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and shall be conclusive as well unto and upon His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, a6 upon the said Marquis, his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Persons so interested as aforesaid.

XXVIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That if either of the Parties in any Adion or Adions to be brought and prosecuted in 53 Gso. III.	3	C	purfuance

Aftiom not to abare by rcjf.*a ot Death of Parties.

754

Mitten in Dif-put* ccmprc-

In case no Action brought, &c. A61 not to aflfert Manor of Eallhampftcad.

His Majesty may enter Action against Lord ol Manor of Sandhurst, kc. as to Claims of Exemption from Foreft Iwiw* and Righu cf The Crow

C.158.	53PGEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

purfuance of tbit Aft, shall die pending the fame, such Aftion or Aftions shall not abate by reason thereof but shall be proceeded in at if no ffich Event had happened: Provided nevertbeless, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any time before the Trial of such A&ioa or Aftions, to make or accept Propofals to or from the said Arthur Marquis of Downshire, his Heirs or Afligns, or the Person or Pcrtioos so entitled to the said Manor for the time being as aforesaid, for com-promiftng the Matter or Matters in Dilpute, and to compromise the fame accordingly ; and every such Compromise, if made, shall be binding and conelusive, as well on His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as on the said Arthur Marquis of Downshire, his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Persons so interested as aforesaid : Provided also, that if no such Action shall be brought, or, being brought, if the fame shall not be tried within the time herein for that Purpofe limited, unless such Trial or Trials shall be put ofF with such Leave of the Court as aforesaid, then and io such case this Aft or ar,r thing herein contained, shall not apply to or in any way affect the said Manor, Pariih or Park of Ecijlhampjlcador any Part thereof respectively.

* XXIX. And whereas the said Richard Hcavjfide ar.d others, 1 having Rights of Common in and over Sandhurjl Common, inftft

* that the laid Manor, and Parifh of Sandhurjl, to which the ffed 4 Richard Heavifide derives his Title, through and under a certain

*	Grant or Grants made by some or one of His Majefty’s Royal Pre-4 deceffors, and other AfTurances, are exempt from all the Laws cf 4 the said Foreft, and all the Rights of The Crown in respect thereof, 4 and consequently that His said Majesty is not entitled to any A!. 4 JotmenC of Land within the said Manor or Pariih Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by. his Attorney General, to proceed to a Trial at Law at the next Spring Aflizes far the County of Bcrhs, in a feigned Aft ion or Aftions for that Pur-pofe to be commenced in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Beach, Common Pleas or Exchequer at Wejlminjfier, against the said Richard Hcavifide, as Lord of the said Manor of Sandhurjl, his Heirs or Af-ftgns, or the Person or Persons entitled to the said Manor for the time being; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion or Aftions (nail forthwith name an Attorney or Attomics, who shall Isle Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Iffue or I Hues, whereby the Matters in question may be properly tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which such Aftion or Aftions shall be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame) ; and in case the said Richard Heavijide, his Heirs or Afligns, or such Person or Persons as afore-said, shall refuse or neglect to become Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion or Aftions, or refuse to appear and plead in due Courfe of Law to any Declaration to be delivered by the Attorney General for the Trial of such Ifsue, or shall suffer Judgment to go by De* fault, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Attorney Genead to bring an Aftion against John Mojeley Efquire (one of the Persons having Rights of Common in and over Sandhurjl Common), or in the Event of his Death, against any other Person or Petfons being iote-refted in the Commons or Waftes of the fame Manor for the Trial of the said Iffue ; and if at the Trial of any such Iffiic or Ifsues, k shall appear that Hit Majesty is not entitled to any Foreftal Right or In*

6	terrft

A.U. 18X3.

53,5L»iMJ. 111.

v;.is».

755

tereft within the said Manor and Parifh of Sandhurjl, for which a Compenfation ought to be made, then such Jury or Juries by whom fueh IfTue or IfTues shall be tried, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, in which case this Adi or any thing therein contained shall not apply to or affedfc the fame Manor and Parifh or any Part thereof; but if it shall appear to such Jury or Juries that His said Majesty is entitled to such Foreftai Rights or Intereft within the fame Manor and Parifti as are claimed by and belong to His Majesty in and over the other Parifhcs or Places within the regard of the said Ford!, then such Jury or Juries shall find for the Plaintiff, and then and in such case the said Manor and Parifli shall be deemed to be within the Provifionsof this Adt, and the Commons and Waftc Lands thereof shall be subject to such Provifions and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be awarded to His Majesty, as are in this Adt contained in relation to other Pariflies and Manors and Waftes and Commons ; but if it shall appear to the said Jury or Juries, that His Majesty is entitled to Foreftai Rights and Interefts within the fame Manor and Parifh, but that such Rights have been diminished by Grants, Charters or other means, so as that such Foreftai Rights of His Majesty are not so extensive in the said Manor and Parifh as in the other Pariflies and Manors mentioned in this Adt, then and in such la ft mentioned case such Jury or Juries shall find and declare by their Verdict, that His Majesty has only limited Foreftai Rights in the said Manor and Parifh, which shall be indorsed on the Poftea ; and then the said Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdict or Verdicts given in the IfTue or IfTues joined, shall assess and award what Proportion of the Soil of the Walle and Open Lands within the fame Manor and Parifti would be a just and fair Compenfation for such His said Ma-jefty's Foreftai Rights therein, and the Verdidt or Vcrdidts which shall be given in such Adtion or Adtions, and such Special Finding or Indorsement, shall be binding as well upon His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, as the said Richard Heavifidcs his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Persons interested in the said Manor; unless the Court wherein such Adtion or Adtions shall be brought shall fet aside such Verdidt or Verdidts, Finding and Indorfemenr, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had thereupon (which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other cases) ; and after such Verdidt or Vcrdidts, Special Finding and Indorfement shall be given, the fame not being fet aside by the Court, the said Commiflioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to act in Couformity thereto : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for His Majefty's Attorney General, and the Defendant or Defendants at any such Trial, in case such last men* tioned Verdidt shall be, that HisMajcfty’s Foreftai Rights are limited in the said Manor and Parifh, to agree to refer the Proportion of Com-peufation to such Referees or Referee as shall at such Trial be approved of by the Judge trying such IfTue or Ifsues; and the Amount t>f the Proportion so afceitaim d shall, when fettled, be indpi fed upou the Poftea as Part of the Finding of the Jury, in like manner as if the fame had been (o ascertained and assessed by the Jury as aforesaid : Provided alio, that it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Adtion or Adtions shall be depending, upon fuflicient Caufe shewn, to put off4hc Trial of the fame, although the time hereby limited for such Trial may be thereby exceeded but if the said Richard Hcavi-fide> his Heirs or Afligns, and the said John Mofclcy9 or in case of the

3 C z	Death

•v

75<S

Death of Parties not to abate Actions.

Commillioners on Part cf His Majesty, and Proprietors of Lands.

Commillioners to take the following

Oatli.

Appointment of new CommiC* Son err.

Death of the said John Mofeley, the other Perfona interested ia the Wade and Commons of the Manor of Sandburjl aforesaid, against whom such Adion shall or may be brought as aforesaid, (haul re-fufe to appear aud plead in due Courfe to such Declaration to be delivered as aforesaid, then and in such case the Allotment cf the said Commiftioners shall be conclusive as well unto and upon Hit Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as upon the said Richard Heavi-Jtde, hie Heirs and Afsigns, and all other Perfocs so interested as aforesaid.

XXX.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That if either of the Parties in any Adion or Adions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of this Att shall die pending the fame, such Adion or Actions shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall and may be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened: Provided alio, that if no such Adion shall be brought, or, being brought, if the fame shall not be tried within the time herein for that Purpofe limited, unless such Trial or Trials shall be put off, with such Leave of the Court as aforefcid, then and in such case this Ad or any thing herein contained, shall not apply to or in any wav affect the said Manor or Pari(h of Sandhurst or any Part thereof respectively.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That John Na/b of Dover Street, in the County of Middltsex, Esquire, and his Succeffors, ta be nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and is and are respectively hereby appointed the Commiffioner oa the Part and Behalf of His Majesty ; and that John Davis of Bl*x~ ham, in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and his Succeffors, to be elected in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and is and are respectively hereby appointed the Commifiioncr on the Part and Behalf of the several Proprietors of Land within the said Foreft, for effeduating the fevcial Purpofes aforesaid.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said John Najh and John Davis, and their respective Succeffors, to be nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall not, any or either of them, act in the Execution of the Powers hereby given, unless they shall have previously taken and subscribed the following Oath, which Oath any One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berks shall and may administer; that is to fay,

€ t	do swear. That 1 will faithfully,

c * honestly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill aod € Judgment, execute the Trufts reposed in me as Commissioner, by c virtue of an Ad parted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of < King George the Third, intituled An Aft [here insert the Title $f € this AS].	So help me GOD/

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the said John Najh, or any of his Succeffors, shall happen to die, or decline or neglect to ad before the full Execution of all and every of the Powers hereby vested in him, or shall refuse to qualify and ad in the Execution thereof, then and in such case and so often as the fame shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commillioners of His Majesty*! Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, to nominate and appoint any other fit Person to be a Commiffioner on the Part of His Majesty,

757

A.D.i8i3«

53° GEO. III.

C.158.

in the Room of the said John Najh, or any of his Succeffors, so dyin£f or declining, neglecting or refusing to ad as aforesaid ; and if the said John Davis or any Commifiioner to be appointed in his Stead as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, refuse or be disabled to act, then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Affeffments) of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the Lands within the said Foreft, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe at some convenient Place within the said Foreft, within Two Calendar Months next after such Death, Retufal or Difability shall be ftgnified by the Commiffioner for the time being, on the Part and Behalf of His Majesty, from time to time to elect and appoint a new Commiffioner not interested in the said Inclosure, in tne Stead of such Commiffioner so dying, refusing or becoming disabled to act; of which last mentioned Death, Refufal or Difability, and Meeting, Ten Days’ previous Notice shall be given by Advertifement in the Newfpapers called The Windfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury, if then printed, or in some other Newfpapers usually published or circulated in the said County of Berks ; and that every such Eledion and Appointment of a new Commiffioner shall be reduced into Writing, and ligned by the Persons making such Eledtion and Appointment, and shall be delivered to the other Commiffioner ; and in case the said respective Parties, or any of them, shall make Default in appointing any such new Commiffioner as aforesaid, at any such Meeting so to be held as aforesaid, then the Commiffioner named and appointed on the Part and Behalf of His Majesty shall, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within Fourten Days after the Expiration of the time allowed for naming such new Commiffioner as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commiffioner not interested in the said Divifion and Allotments, in the Place of such Commiffioner so dying, refusing to ad, or becoming incapacitated ; and every such new Commifiioner so to be appointed, as well on the Part and Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as on the Part and Behalf of the Proprietors of Land within the said Foreft, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Ad into Execution, in all respects whatsoever, as the Commiffioner in whose Place he shall have been appointed was invested with.

XXXIV.	And, for obviating the Delays and Inconveniences which may arise by any Difference of Opinion between the said Commifi* fioners, touching any of the Matters and Things to be done in pur-

fuance of this Ad, be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to Power to appoint

and for the laid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, in caf^ a*UroPire'

of any such Difference of Opinion arising between them as aforesaid,

from time to time to nominate and appoint any fit and competent

Person to ad as an Umpire concerning the Premises; to whom all

and every such Difference shall be referred, and whose Judgment and

Determination therein shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgment

and Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final,*

binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Per- Umpire to take son shall be capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this following Ad, until he mail have taken and subscribed an Oath, in the Form

or to the Effed following ; that is to fay.

3C3

«1

do

758	C.	158.	53"	GEO.	III.	A.O.1S13

Otth.	*	t	do swear, That I

*	**• will faithfully* impartially and honcfUy, according to the best of

*	my Skill and Judgment, execute aud perform the several Trusts,

*	Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire, by

*	virtue of an Ad patted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King

*	George the Third, intituled An Ad [here insert the Title of this Ad, J

*	according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour

*	or Afsection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Perfoos

4 whomsoever.	So	help	me	GOD.'

Surveyors appointed tofurvey and lay down Maps, Sec.

Surveyors to take the fob lowing

Oath.

/

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer to the said Umpire.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint any fit and proper Person or Persons, not inte-refted in the said intended Division, to be a Surveyor or Surveyors for viewing, surveying and measuring the said Foreft, and the Open Commonable Parts thereof; and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized and dirc&ed, as soon as conveniently m3y be after he or they shall be so appointed, to view, survey and measure the said Foreft, and the Open Commonable Parts thereof, or (uch Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall order or direct, and shall deferibe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, whereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be fet forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the said Foreft, and the Open Commonable Parts thereof, or such Part or Parts thereof ?3 shall be so ordered and directed to be surveyed, and the Names of the several Persons holding and eujoying the fame ; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, they shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Tinie and Place tot a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice at lead shall be given unto each of the said Coirmif-fioner8; at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners present at such Meeting, his or their Survey and Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with his or their Name or Names in the Prefence of the said Commit fioner9, who shall attest the fame; and the said Surveyor or Surveyois shall take and subscribe the following Oath $ that is to fay,

I* A. B, do swear, That by virtue and in pursuance of an A& made in the Fifty third year of the Reign of King George the Third, * intituled An Ad [infert the Title of this Ad,'] I have taken a true * and exact Admeafurement and Survey of the said Foreft, and the € Open and Commonable Parts thereof, dirc&ed by the said A6t to be * inclosed, or of such Parts thereof as I have been directed to fe.rtey ‘ and admeasure, to the best of my Judgment and Ability ; and that 4 the Survey, Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, wliercunto 1 4 have now fet my Hand, arc and do contain a just and true Dcfcrip-4 tion, Survey and Admeasurement, and Account thereof, with the 4 Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the fame refpec« 4 tively; and that the fame were made and taken by me according 4 to the best of my Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true 4 Intent aud Meaning of the fakl Att, without Fayour, Affection or

4 Partiality

v^.

759

A.D.i8i3«	53*	GEO.	III.	C.	158.

‘ Partiality to any Person or Persons ; and I do further swear, that

*	I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of ‘ niy Skill and Judgment, execute the several other Trufts repofed

*	in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of the laid Ad, without Fayour,

‘ AfFeftion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whom-

*	foever.	^	So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Commiflioners Commiflioners to administer; and the said Oath, when so taken, shall Q*jjLadminifter be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the, Person taking the

fame, and duly attested by the said Commiffione'rs under their Hands, and shall be enrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commiflioners.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any New Surveyors Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any other Surveyor or Death **** Surveyors to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or

refufe or neglect to aft, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Aft and this Aft, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said iutended Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor, so dying, refilling or neglecting to aft, or -become incapable of acting iu the Execution of the said recited Aft and this Aft ; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be lubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reflriftions, as if he had been originally named a Surveyor in and by this Aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to Lands allotted the Lords Commiflioners of His Majeftjr’s Treasury for tne time to His Majesty, being, upon the Report of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s intermixed Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or upon the Report of the w,*h Ip"d? of Surveyor General of His Maiefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time maybe being, that any Part or Pareel, or Parts or Parcels of the Lands to exchanged,

be allotted and fet out to His Majesty in pnrfuance of this Aft, is or are so situated as not to be convenient for the Purpofe of forming or making an Addition to Windfor Great Park, or to the said Allotments hereinbefore mentioned contiguous thereto, or are intermixed with, or are contiguous or convenient to or surrounded by the Lands of Individuals, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treasury for the rime being, or any Three or more of them, to authorize the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Ma-jefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being to contraft and agree on the Behalf of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, either for the Sale ot Exchange of such Lands or Allotments so fitnate as aforesaid, or to purchase the Lands so belonging to Individuals, and situated as aforesaid, and to make or accept gcV and effeftpal Conveyances thereof, for such Price or Prices, or l’uch Equivalent or Equivalents, in the case of any such Exchange or Exchanges refpec-tiveiy as shall be certified to the said Commiflioners of the Trea-fnry, by the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or by the said Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, to be just and reasonable, such Price or the Equivalent ia Exchange to be afceriained and* fettled in manner hereinafter men-

3 C 4	tionedj

760

c.158.

53* GEO. IH.

A.D.1813.

OM IncTosures, or new Allot-meats, fold, See,

Sales of Exchanges made conformable to 53 G.3, c.i6i.

Purchafe Money paid into Bank.

46 G. 3. c.142,

Corporate Bodies, and others, may make Sales and Exchanges.

tioned; and the fame in case of Sale to be paid into the Hands of the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or into the Hands of the said Surveyor General for the time being 5 and in case of Purchase, the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid by the said last mentioned JComrr.iflioners, or by the said Surveyor General for the time being, to the Person or Per-fons to whom such Land shall belong, and to be by the said Com-miffioners or Surveyor General respectively accounted for as herein, after mentioned ; and such Lands, when so purchased, and all Lands to be given in Exchange to His Majesty, when so exchanged, shall be held respectively by, and be and become the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors; and all Lands given by His Majesty in Exchange as aforesaid, shall be held by the several Parties to whom the fame shall be respectively given in Exchange, as the Property of such Parties respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers of Sale and Exchange herein contained, shall extend as well to any Old Inclofures belonging to His Majesty within the said Foreft, as toaoy Allotment or Allotments to be made to His Majesty in pursuance of this Adi.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all such Sales or Exchanges to be made as aforesaid, shall be made in such Form and Manner, and under such Regulations in all respects, as are mentioned andpre-feribed in an Adt, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for enabling His Majesty to grant Leafes under certain circumstances ; and for the better carrying into Fffcd the Provifions of an A3, faffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching tht Formation of a Map of the New Foreft in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provifions of the said Ads for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Ads of Parliaments for annexing certain Lands within the Foreft of Rockingham, to His Majefty’s Manor of King's Cliff*; and for enabling the Con• mijfioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Eccleftaftical Purposes, relative to Sales and Exchanges between His Majesty and other Person or Persons authorized by the said A ft, or as near thereto as the circumstances of any Sales or Exchanges to be made in pursuance of this Adi will admit.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall accrue from the Sale of any Lands fold by virtue of this Ad, shall be paid to the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, to be by them or him paid into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and applied and accounted for with the other Funds under their or his Management, injdie manner directed by an Adi of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who shall be leifed of or entitled to any Lands so to be fold to or exchanged for any Lands to be allotted

tt

boogie

A.JLU0I3.

m.

LM5&.	7ai

to His Majesty as aforesaid, and to and for the Hufbands, Committees, Trustees or Attornics of any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Lands, being under Coverture, Minors,

Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability, and to and for any of the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, to make any such Sales or Exchanges as aforesaid ; and all such Sales or Exchanges so tn be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever : Provided always, that no Sale or Exchange shall be made bf any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Eeclefialtical benefice,

'without the Confent of the Patron thereof, and the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so to be fold or exchanged shall be situate, testified by Writing under their Hands : Provided also, that all Cods, Charges and Expences attending the making any Sales, Exchanges or Partition, shall he paid and borne by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges or Partitions respectively, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by some Writing under their Hands order and direct.

XL1IL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commifliotiers^ lawful for the Commifiioners named and appointed under the Au-thority of an Aft, made and palTed in the Fifty second Year of the fonal Property, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the Regulation of enabled to fell * His Majejiy’s Houfeholdf and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet or exchange the increased Expenee to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Allotments of Majejiy’s Indifpojition ; and for the Care of His Majejiy's Real and |1‘s	in

Perfonal Property ; and to amend an Ad of the lajl Sejfion of Parlia-mentf to provide for the Adminijlration of the Royal Authority during 5^0.3. c.8. His Majefii’s Illnefsy with the Confent of the Queen’s Mod Excellent Majesty, and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, signified by some Inltrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to fell or exchange for Money, or for other Lands of equal Value, all or any of the Allotment or Allotments of the Wade Lands aforesaid to be made to His Majedy, in Right of any Lands or Edates in the said Foreft, of which His Majesty, or any Person or Persons in Trud for Him, is or are seised of an Eftate in Fee Simple, in his private Capacity, separate and distinct from any Edate or Property to which His Majesty is entitled in Right of his Crown ; and that in case of any such Sale or Exchange, it shall be lawful for the said Commif-fioners for the Purpofes of this Aft (if such Sale or Exchange shall take place before the Execution of their Award), and they are hereby authorized and required to allot such Lands so fold or exchanged, to the Parties respectively purchasing or exchanging the fame; who shall and may forthwith, after the Execution and Perfeftion of proper Deeds of Conveyance and Exchange, have, hold, use and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments so to be allotted as aforesaid, and shall and may use and exercise every Aft of Ownerfhip in, upon and over the fame, in as full, large, ample and beneficial a manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Proprietors,

Vendor or Vendors thereof, could or might have done in case such Sale or Sales, or Exchange or Exchanges bad not beeu made: Provided always, that all Cofts, Charges and Expences attending any

fuch

7 <52

C.158.

53 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Appropriation of Purchale Money on SJe of His Mn jelly’s Allotments in His private

Right.

Award made of Allotments to Jiis Majcily ;

ilt'rofi'ed, See.

such Sale and Difpofition or Exchange as aforesaid, shall be paid and borne by the fevers! Persons making such Sale or Exchanges,in such manner as the said last mentioned Com mi (Boners shall order and direct.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Amouut of the Pur-chafe Monies for such of the Allotment or Allotments as shall be made to His Majesty in HU private Right, in all cases of Sale thereof as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Commiflioners named under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year of the Rciga of His present Majelty as aforesaid ; and that such Purchafe Money shall from time to time be under the Management, Order, Dire&ion and Controul of the said Commiflioners, awl shall in all refpe&i be applicable and subject to the fame Regulations and Reftridioni 21 any other Perfonal Eftate or Property of His Majesty is or are applicable or fubjedh or liable to, as directed by the said recited Ad.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, for facilitating the Inclo-fure of the Allotment or Allotments of the said Wade Lands hereby intended to be veiled in His Majelty, his Heirs and Succcffors 21 aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners hereinbefore named, and their respective Succeflbrs, as soon as conveniently may be after such Divifion and Allotments shall be fiuiftied and confirmed, pursuant to the Directions of this Ad, to form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, a special, diflind and feparcte Award in Writing, expressing the Quantity of Acres, Roods and Perches, in Statute Measure, contained in the said Allotment or Allotments of the said Wafle Lands to His Majesty, and the Qua-tity of each and every' Part and Parcel thereof which shall be so allotted, and the Situations and Defcriptions of the fame respectively, diftingui(hing the Allotments in respect of His Majefty’s Manorial Rights, and of His Rights as a Proprietor from the Allotments in respect of the Foreftal Rights; and also a like Description of such Land or other Property as shall be allotted in Exchange 5 and shall also contain pioper Orders and Diredions for fencing the (aid Allotments, and for keeping the Fences in Repair 5 and also for making and laying out proper Ways, Roads, Drains, Watcrcourses, Bridges and other requisite Works and Conveniences, and for keeping the fame in good and fuflicient Repair and Condition ; and shall alio ex-prefs and contain such other Orders, Diredions and Regulations, u by the said Commiflioners shall be thought proper and necessary to be mferted therein, conformable to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Ad, for the more easy, convenient and effectual Exccutioa thereof, or for the preventing any Difficulties and Difputes in rda-tion to the special Matters herein contained, pursuant and according to the several Powers and Authorities hereby given to and feded in the said Commiflioners rrfpedively ; which said Award or Iaftnuaest shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, and read over in the Prefence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special General Meeting to be held for that Purpofe (of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the said Newfpapers called The W'txdfvr Ex• press and Reading Mercury), and shall be executed by the Commif-fioners at such Meeting ; which Execution shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the ieveral and respective Parifh Chinches situate within the said Foreft ; from which time only the (aid Award shall be considered as complete; and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof, be inrolled in Hk

763

.0.1813.	53’GEO. III.	C.	158.

[ajefty’s High Court of Chancery with the proper Officer or Offi-*rs of that Court, who is or are hereby required to cause the fame

>	be in rolied, to the end Recourfe may be had thereto by all Per->ns interested therein (for the Iofpe&ion and Perufal whereof no Fse. ore than Five Shillings shall be paid) ; and a Copy thereof, or ly Part thereof, when and a9 often as the fame shall be required, tall be delivered to any Person interested, signed by the proper Kticer of the said Court, purporting the fame to be a true Copy (for Inch no more than Six pence p:r Sheet, reckoning Ninety Words

>	each Sheet, shall be paid) ; and after such Inrolmcnt the original iward shall be deposited and kept in the Office of the Commissioners f Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of v’oods and Forefts for the time being ; and the said original Award, r a Copy of the Inrolment thereof, or of any Part thereof, signed y the proper Officer of the said Court, shall at all times be admitted as gal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the several Allotments,

)rders, Directions, Regulations, Matters and Things, which shall e made, fpecitied and fet forth in and by the said Award, shall be nal, binding and conclulive, unto and upon all Parties and Persons iterefted in or entitled unto the several and respective Wafte Lands 0 be divided and allotted in pursuance of this A6L

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commiffioner Lands to be fold ereinbefore appointed on the Part of His Majesty, shall and he is for Payment of tereby required, at such time and times as he shall think proper, to E*P?,ce*j nark and fet out such Part and Parts of the said Open and Wafte Land in the fakl Foreft hereby directed to be divided, allotted and brents, nclosed, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty as aforesaid, as by the >ale thereof will, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, raise a Efficient Sum. or Sums of Money to defray and discharge all the Lofts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this A&, and 19 shall be incident to and attending the preparing and enrolling the Taid Award to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and )f furreying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and Plotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, feneed, allotted md inciofed for the Benefit of His Majesty, by virtue of this A& 5 and all the Charges of the said Two Commissioners, their Afieflors,

Clerks, Affiftants and Servants, and the Umpire (if any shall be appointed), and all the other necefiary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the fame; and ail the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out by the laid Commissioners as aforesaid; and all other Expences of carrying this Aft into Execntion, so far as relate to any Allotment to be made to His Majesty as aforesaid ; and so much and such Parts of the said Open and Wafte Land so to be allotted to His Majesty, as shall be necefiary to defray the said several Cofts, Charges and Expences, and which shall be so marked and fet out as aforesaid, (haU be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and all such Sales shall be made, and the Confi-deration Monies for the fame be paid in the manner, and by and under the fame Authorities, Rules, and Regulations as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said A61 passed in the Fifty second Year 51 G. 3. c.161. of the Reign of His present Majesty hereinbefore mentioned, touching the Sales thereby authorized or directed to be made, or as near thereto as circumftancee will permit; and when audio soon as the

Money

704	U. 158.	53°	GEU. 111.	A.D.1813.

Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall have been paid in manner aforesaid, the fame shall be applied for the Purpofe of defraying such Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, at such time and times and in such manner as the Lords Commissioners of Hit Mz-jetty’s Treasury or any Three or more of them shall from time to time under their Hands direct or appoint; and such Parts of the (aid Open and Watte Land as shall be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid, and for which the Confideration Money shall be paid in manner 3foit. said, shall from thenceforth be vetted in the Purchafer or Purcbafcrs thereof, and his, her and their refpe^ive Heirs and Affigns for c?er in Fee Simple, and be thenceforth held in Severalty by such Par-chafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her and their Heirs andAffigas for ever.

Appointment*	XLVI I. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the

a	Uivifion an(J Allotments of the said Watte Lands shall be fet oot,

cease, and Com-	aU°tte<l and confirmed to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefion,

penfation made under the Authority of this Aft, all and every Letters Patent sad to Lord War-	Grants by way of Appointment, and all and every Warrant and Wir.

den, kc.	rants under the Sign Manual of the Lord Warden of the said Forefi,

or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, of any Offices, Bailiwicks, Walks and Lodges in the said Forett, and all Salaries, Gratuities aad Fees, payable or allowed in respect of the fame, shall thenceforth cease, end and determine ; and Compenfation and Satisfaftioo shall . be made to the Lieutenant or Lord Warden and Deputy Lieote-nant, and to the several Rangers, Head Keepers, Steward aad other Officers in the said Forett (whether holding Lodges and Land within the said Forett by virtue of their several Offices or not) in Confideration of the Ceffation of their said several Offices, and their relinquishing and giving up the Poffeffion of the said Lodges and Land respectively, and all Claim and lntereft therein or thereto, under any Grant, Letters Patent, or Appointment or Warrant as aforesaid ; which Compenfation and Satisfaftion shall in every distinct and separate case be referred to and ascertained by the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpofe nominate and appoint on the Part of His Majesty, and by such indifferent Person as shall be nominated and appointed on the Part of each and every Officer of the said Forett interested or concerned in the Pre-mises, and who are hereby empowered to fend for Persons and Papers, and to examine the Parties and Witneffes upon Oath if necessary (which Oath any One of the said Lords Commissioners, or the Person so to be nominated as aforesaid, is hereby authorized aad empowered to administer) ; provided that in case any Difference of Opinion shall arise on any Matter or Queftion touching or concerning such Compenfation or Satisfaftion to be made as hereinbefore dirested, then the said Referee shall from time to time forthwith no-minate and appoint any proper and competent Person or Persons to aft as an Umpire or Umpires concerning the Premises; to whom all and every such Differences shall be referred, and whose JudgmeDtaud Determination therein shall be final, binding and conclufire, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

No Gamekeeper XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Gamekeeper or Allot m^ntTto" Underkeeper whatsoever, appointed by or acting under the Authority Lords of Manors,	Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, shall at any time after the

&c.	paflfog

X

XiOOQLe

U.I58.

A.LMSI3.

53° ueu. ill.

7<f$

palling of this A&, be authorized or privileged to kill Game, of any Description whatever, in any of the Lands now the Property of or to be allotted to Lords of Manors, Owners of Soil, and other Persons having Rights of Common within the laid Fored as aforesaid.

XL1X. Ai.d be it further enabled. That, from and after the NoPerfon,with-pafTing of this A 61. no Person or Persons whomsoever shall have, ex- out Confenr,to

Ul Cl	^

so to be vc	^	^	AiwHiwmii

Game therein, or for the Hunting, Courling or Deftru&ion of any Kind of Game or Beads of Chase, or Warren, without the Special Licence and Authority of His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors.

4 L. And whereas there are within the said several Parifhes of

* New Wind for, Old Windfor, Clewer, Winkjield, Sunninghill, Bin-

*	Jieldy Finch ampjlead, Bark ham, Wokingham and Swallowjield, and 4 the Liberties of Newland and Winnerjh in Hurjl, or some of them,

*	over and besides the said Open Wade Ground to be divided, allotted 4 and inclosed as aforesaid, divers Open and Common Fields and

*	Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds: And whereas the King’s

*	Moll Excellent Majedy, the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgeffes, the

*	Honourable Laura Feppel and divers other Persons, are the Owners 4 and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lauds and Tenements within the 4 said Parifh of New Wind/or, and the said Hamlet of Dcdworth, in 4 the Parifh lad mentioned, and as such are respectively entitled to

*	Right of Common and other Intereds in, upon and over the Open 4 and Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds of the said Parifh :

*	And whereas the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, the said Henry 4 Powney IJherwood, Laura Keppel, John St urges, Henry Broad head,

4 John Martin Leake, Esquires, and divers other Persons, are the 4 Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements within 4 the said Parifh of Old Windfor9 and as such are respectively entitled 4 to Right of Common and other Intereds in, upon and over the 4 Open and Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds of the laid

*	Pari(h: And whereas the Right Honourable William Earl Har-

* court, the said Arthur Vanfittart, Laura Keppel, William Dawfon,

*	Richard Fojler, Esquires, and divers other Persons, are the Owners

* and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements within the

* said Parifh of Clewer, and as such are respectively entitled to

*	Right of Common and other Intereds in, upon and over the Open 4 and Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds of the said Parifh:

*	And whereas the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, Stanlake Batfon 4 Esquire, the said Mader, Fellows and Scholars of Saint Jobn9s 4 College Cambridge, William Blane, Daniel Hgace, Esquires, and

*	divers other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages,

4 Lands and Tenements within the said Parifh of Winkjieldy and as

*	fuch are respectively entitled to Right of Common and other In-4 tereds in, upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands and 4 Wade Grounds of the said Parifh: And whereas the said George 4 Simfon and George Henry Crutchley, and the said Mader, Fellows 4 and Scholars of Saint John's College Cambridge, and divers other 4 Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and 9 Tenements within the said Parifh of Sunninghill9 and as such are 4 respectively entitled to Right of Common and other Intereds in,

4 upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands and Wade 4 Grounds of the said Parifh; And whereas the laid George Henry

crcife or ei

4 Crutchley,

166	C.ij8.	53t,GEO,III.	A.D.1813.

4 Crutcbley, George Henry Elliott, William Lucas, Esquires, and

*	divers other Perions, are the Owners a*rd Proprietors of Mcffuages, 4 Land and Tenements within the said Parifh of Binjield, and as such 4 are respectively entitled to Right of Common and other Interefts ic, 4 upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands and Wafte 4 Grounds within the said Parifh : And whereas Charles Fyjbe Palmer 4 Esquire, and Henry Hellis Saint Jobny and divers other Persons, 4 are the Owners and Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tene-4 ments within the said Parifh of Fincbamp/lead, and as such are re-

*	fpetti vely entitled to Right of Common and other Interefts in, upon 4 and over the Open and Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds of 4 the said Parifh : And whereas the said John Levefon Gower, Peter

*	Green Esquire, and divers other Persons are the Owners and Pro-4 prietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements within the said Parifh 4 of Bartkam, and as such are respectively entitled to Right of 4 Common and other Interefts in, upon and over the Open and Com-4 monable Lands and Watte Grounds within the said Parifh : And 4 whereas the said Charles Fyfbe Palmer and John Roberts, and 4 divers other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of Mefltn^es, 4 Lands and Tenements within the said Parifh of Wohingbam, and as 4 such are respectively entitled to Right of Common and other Ic-4 terefts in, upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands aid 4 Wafte Grounds within the said Parifh: And whereas Sir Samuel 4 Fludyer Baronet, John Symonds Esquire, and divers other Persons, 4 are the Owners and Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements 4 within the said Liberty of Newland, ia the said Parifh of Hurjl, and 4 as such arc respectively entitled to Right of Common and other In* 4 terefts in, upon and over the Open and Commonable Lauds and 4 Wafte Grounds within the said Liberty: And whereas the said 4 John Levefon Gower, Charles Garth Colleton, Charles Sim ends, 4 Esquires, and divers other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors 4 of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements within the Liberty of IVinnerfh, 4 in the said Parifh of Hurjl, and as such are refpcdtively entitled to 4 Right of Common and other Interefts in, upon and over the Open 4 and Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within the said Li. 4 berty : And whereas the said limothy Hare Earlef Edward Sle~ 4 phenfon Esquire, and divers other Persons, are the Owners and Pro. 4 prietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements within the said Parifli 4 of SwaUowfieldy and as such are refpettively entitled to Right of 4 Common and other Interefts in, upon and over the Open and 4 Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within the said Parifli;

41 G.3. (U.K) « And whereas an A61 was pafied in the Forty first Year of the c- *°4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for confoRdating is 4 One A3 certain Provifions usually infer ted in A8s of Inch Jure* axl 4 for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually require! 4 on the pafftng of such A3s ; And whereas the said Open and Wafte 4 Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands in the said fevenl 4 Parifhes and Liberties of New W'mdfor, Old Windfor, CUwer, 4 Winhjitld, Sunninghill, Binjield, Finchampfleady Barkbam, tVohirg-4 ham> Swallowfieldy Newland and W'tnnerjby are in their pres nt 4 State incapable of any confiderable Improvement, and it would 4 be advantageous to the several Lords of Manors, Proprietors and 4 other Persons ioterefted therein, if the fame respectively were di« 4 vided and indosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to

4 and

LjOoq le

A.D.1813.

53° GEO.III.

C.158.

7^7

9 and amongst such Lords of Manors and Proprietors of E dates in

*	the said several Parities and liberties respectively,' and other Per-

*	Tons iuterefted therein, according to their several and respective Pro-

*	pertics, Rights aiid Interefts ;* Be it therefore enacted, That all the AlJ °PP*» said Open Wade Grounds, Commpn Fields and Commonable Lands,

within the said several and respective Parishes and Liberties of New ^in;hin y* fViudfor, Old Windfor, Clewer, IVinkfeld, Sunning bill, Binfeld, Fir.> p41ls as fh.ll be ebampfiead, Barkham, Wokingham, Swallowfeld, NewlanJ and /s'iji* allotted to His (fave and except such Parts thereof as are hereinbefore directed M.je(ly,tobe to be allotted unto and for His Majesty as aforesaid), shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Ad, he divided, allotted and inclosed, in the manner, and subject to the Rules, Orders, Directions and Regulations mentioned and contained in the said recited Ad of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty (except in such cases where the fame are hereby altered or varied) and as liereinafter *enaded and mentioned; and for which Purpose, that James Fangoin ComraiflSoneis. of New Windfor aforesaid, Gentleman, and his Succeflors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and iuclofiug the said Open aud Waftc Ground and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of New Windfor and Hamlet of Dedworlb aforesaid $ that Thomas Wyatt of IVargrave, in the said County, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he 13 hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wade Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parifh of Old Windfor aforesaid j that George Smallpiece of Stoke, next Guildford, in the County of Surry, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Cole Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the laid Open Waftc Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands witliin the Parilh of Clewer aforesaid; that the said John Davis, and his SuccefTorf, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wafte Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parilh of Winkjield aforesaid 5 that the said George Smallpiece, and his SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Com-miflioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wafte Ground and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of Sunninghlli aforesaid ; that Richard Crabtree of Wokingham, in the said County of Berks, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and lie is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wafte Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of £ inf eld aforesaid ; that John Trumper of liar efeld, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and incloiing the said Open and Waftc Ground and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of Swallowfeld aforesaid; that the said George Smallpiece and Richard Crabtree, and their SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby Appointed the Commiflioners for dividing, allotting and incloiing the laid Open and

Wafte

7 6*	C. 158.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Wade Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifti of Finchampjlead aforesaid 5 that the said Richard Crabtreet and his Succeflbrs, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commillioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wafle Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifti of Barkham aforesaid ; that the said George Smallpiece, and his Succeflbrs, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, ftiall be and he is hereby appointed the 'foie Commiffioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wade Grounds, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifti of Wokingham aforesaid; that the said George Smallpiece, and his Succeflbrs, to be cleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commifiioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Open and Wafle Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Liberty of AT®. land aforesaid; and that Richard Davis of the Grove near Stolen Church, in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and his Succeflbrs, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and be is hereby appointed the foie Commiffioner for dividing, allotting and inclosing the. said Open and Wafle Ground and Commonable Lands within the Liberty of Winnerjh aforesaid; and for putting so much of this Ad and the said recited Ad in Execution, as is not herein otherwise specially provided for and enacted.

New Commif- LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any or either of the fioners elected said Commissioners for the said Pariflies or Liberties, or their Sue-m case of Death. cefl*org> to fa elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall happen to die, or negleet, decline or become incapable to ad,Jorthe Space of Two Calendar Months, before the Execution of all the Powers hereby vested in them, then the surviving or acting Com-miffioner in tliofc Parifties where Two Commissioners shall be appointed, shall not proceed further in the Execution of this Ad, until another Commiffioner shall be duly appointed in manner hereinafter directed; and that in every case where One Commiffioner only /ball be appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the (aid feveial and respective Pariflies and Liberties of New Windfor, Old IVindfor, Cletver, Winkjield, Sunning bill9 B infield. Finchampjlead, Barkham, Wokingham, Swaliowf eld, Newland and Winnerjh (to be ascertained by the Affeffments for the Land Tax in the said several Pariflies and Liberties refpedively), or their Agents, duly authorized under their Hands, to appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Com-miffioner or Commissioners in the room of any or either of such Commiffioner or Commissioners so dying, or refusing, declining or becoming incapable to ad as aforesaid 5 and for that Purpofe the surviving or acting Commissioner, in all cases where there shall be Two Commissioners, shall and he is hereby required, immediately after focb Death, Refufal or Incapacity of the said other Commiflioner or Commissioners, to cause Notice thereof, in Writing, to be affixed on the Principal Doors of the Churches of the several and refpeflive Parifties aforesaid, where any Vacancy of a Commiffioner shall happen from any of the Caufes aforesaid, upon a Sunday, before Divine Service, and to be inserted in the Newfpapers called The Windfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury (if then printed), or otherwise, in fomeother Newf-paper usually circulated in the said County of Berks, at lead Fourteen 13	Days

A.D.i8i3‘	53°GEO.	DLL	C.158.

Says before such intended Meeting, and which Meetings, they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint accordingly; and in case of a Vacancy of a Commiffioner in any of the said rarifhes or Liberties where only One Commiffioner shall be appointed, such Notice for the Appointment of a new Commiflioner or Commissioners as hereinbefore directed, shall and may be given by any Per. son interested in the Inclosure, within all or any of the said Parities respectively, and such Commiffioner or Commissioners respectively, shall be invested with and have the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying this and the said recited Ad into Execution, as if be or they had been originally nominated and appointed a Commiffioner or Gom-iniffioners in and by this Ad.

LI I. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That wherever Umpire np-there are Two Commissioners named and appointed for any one or pointed, either of the said Pariihes, and such Two Commissioners shall differ or disagree in Opinion touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done and performed in purluance of or by virtue of this or the said recited Ad then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for such T wo Commissioners, with all convenient Speed after such Dif-agreement or Difference in Opinion, from time to time as often as the fame shall happen, to refer the Matter thereof to some Person or Persons, to be named as Umpire, who shall be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, for settling and determining such Difference or Difagreement between any such Two Commissioners 5 and the Determination of such Umpire in the Pncmifes shall be binding and conclnfive upon all Parties, so far as the Determination of the said Commissioners is by the said recited Ad or this A6t directed to be conclusive.

LI1I. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this Ad, or the said recited Ad, until he (hail have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form and to the Effed following; that is to fay,

*	T	do	fwear.	That	I	will faith* Oath.

*	fully, impartially and honestly, according to the bell of my Skill € and Judgment, execute and perform the several Trulls, Powers

*	and Authorities invested and reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue

*	of an Ad gaffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King c George the Third, intituled An A8 {here insert tbelitle of tbit

*	A8~] according to Equity and good Conlcience, and without € Favour or Afsection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Per-

*	fons whomsoever.

* So help me God/

Which Oath such Two Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer to the said Umpire; and the Writing or Writings appointing every new Umpire shall be added or annexed to and inrolled and deposited with the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.	*

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any \racancie*by Person or Persons who shall be nominated and appointed an Umpire Death, Sec. «f by any such Two Commissioners as aforesaid, by virtue of this Aft, Umpirslup* shall die or refuse or neglect to aft as such Umpire within the Space Plicd* of Fourteen Days after Application made to him for . that Purpose,

53 G&o. III.	3D	or

Commiflioners to give Notice •f their Sitting?

How other Notices given.

Commiflioners ' to determine Differences.

Commiflioners may award Colts.

C. 158.	53« GEO. III.	AJO.1813.

or shall become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Ad, them and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Two Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint any other Person (not interested in the said Divisions, Allotments and In* clofurcs refpedively) to be such Umpire as aforesaid, who shall have such and the like Powers, and be subject to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed had or was subject or liable to.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commiilioner or Commiflioners for each of the said Parifnes and Liberties respectively • shall and he and they is and are hereby required to give, or cause to be given, public Notice in the Newfpapers called Tbe Wimdfor Em* prest and Reading McrcUry, or in some Newfpaper or Newfpaper* printed or circulated within the said County of Berks ; and also by Writing signed by him or them, affixed on the principal Door of the Church of the Parifh for which he or they is or are a Commiffioner or Commiflioners, on some Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of his or their first and every other subsequent Sitting for executing the Powers of the (aid recited Ad and this Ad, Ten Days at lead before every such Sitting (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted) and that all Sittings of tne (aid respective Commiflioners for the Purpofe of putting? this Ad in Execution, shall be holden in the said several and respective Parifltesand Liberties for which such Commiffioner or Commiflioners shall be appointed re-fpedively, or within Six Miles thereof respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the respective Commiffiooers, shall be given by Advertisement, to be inserted in the said Newfpapers called Tbe Windfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury, or in caie the fame shall not then be published, then in some other Newfpaper usually circulated in the said County of Befkt,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difpute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties that now are or shall, before the making of the Award of the said Commiflioners for the said Parifhes and Liberties respectively, be interested or claim to be interested in the said intended. Divifion and Allotments to the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Eftates as aforesaid, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares or Proportions which they or any of them shall claim, or ought to Uaye in any of the Lands, and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, exclusive of the Allotments to His Majesty as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners respectively, within their respective Pari(hes, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall authorize the said Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever.

LVII I. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Com-miflioners, so appointed or to be appointed for the said PariJhes and Liberties respectively, shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Objedion, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Ad, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners respectively and they are hereby

empowered,

77i

A.D. 1^13.	53*	GEO.	III.	C.	158.

empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to fettle, assess and award such Coils and Charges as they or he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour the Determination of the said Commiilioners shall be paid f, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or ObjeCion shall be thereby dif-allowed or over-ruled ; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Cofts and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, direCed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Cods to be levied in due Form of Law, by Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Per-fbn and Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whom Goods and Chattels shall have been didrained and fold, after deducing the Cods and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further coaCed, That if any Person or Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affeCed by this AC, or any

a bis or Intereds therein, or objeCing to any such Claim or Claims, be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, for the said Parifhes and Liberties refpeCively, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or. Claims, Rights and Intered, re-fpedively tried at Law, and the Person or Persons so desirous of having the fame tried at Law, shall by themselves or their refpeCive Stewards, Receivers, Attomies or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commiilioners so appointed or to be appointed, for the said Parifhes and Liberties refpeCively as aforefiud, or either of them, within Two Calendar Months next after f6ch Determination shall have been so made by the said Com-miflioners or Umpire (of which Notice the said Commiilioners art hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon as conveniently may be, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his or their refpeCive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents, by Writing under their refpeCive Hands, to be delivered to or left at the uuial Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents as aforesaid) ; then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their refpeCive Heirs,* SuccefTors and Afsigns, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law refpeCing such Claim or Claims, Rights or Interefts as aforesaid, at the then next or the following Affixes to be holden for the said County of Berks, in a feigned ACion or ACions for that Purpofe to be commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, againit any Person or Persons in-terefted in the (aid Diviiion and Iuclosure, who shall make such ObjeCion or ObjeCions within Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said refpeCive Commiffioners1 as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such ACion or ACions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attorneys, who shall file Common Bail, or appear ahd accept One or more Iflue or IfTues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Intereds may be properly tried and determined, such Iffuc or KTues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such ACion (hall

3 D 2	be

f Sic.

Dillrefs.

Power to try disputed Claims at Lavr.

77*

C.I5®*	$3®	GEO.	HI;	AD.	1813.

be brought, if the Parties differ about the fame; and the VerdiA or Verdi&s which shall be given in such A&ion or A&ious Hull be final and conclusive to all rerfons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such A&ion or Adions (hail be brought shall fet aside such Verdid or Verdids and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufnal in other cases ; and after any Verdid or Verdids shall have been obtained, and not fet aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto; but if no such Adion or Adions at Law fnall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, or if such Adion or Adions shall not be proceeded in and brought to t Trial or Trials at the First Affizes which shall be holden for the County of Berks, after the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on account of the NegleA or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such case the Determination of the Commissioners or Umpire shall be final, binding and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any Adion or Adions to be brought in pursuance of this Ad shall die pending the fame, such Adion or Adions shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened*

How A&iont LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any Per. brought after son or ptrfons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid Uwth of Parties fl^ll have been	and	againft	whom any Adion or AAiont

might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Adion or Adions shall have been brought 5 and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Adion or AAiow, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Adion or Adions again ft the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons is if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the £aid Commiffionrrs for the said several Parifhes and Liberties respectively with Notice of such Adion or Adions, in the fame manner r.s the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or ^Jeirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as afore-said, to appear and defend such Adion or Adions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall b« had therein, and in the fame manner, as if such Person or Person had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Adion or Adions.

<fem*mftioTTers LXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothingm not to dec ermine	contained shall extend to enable the said Commiffionen

fvrtffijrn° to ^ete,in^ne	between	any Lords of Manors or Pro-

prietors, contrary to the PolTeffion of such Lords of Manors and Proprietors; but that the said Commissioners shall and they art hereby required (notwithftanding any disputed or contested Title or Titles! to fet out, allot and award all and every Allotment of Land in Right of any Manors, Linds and Tenements unto and fof the Lords of Manors and other Proprietors respectively, who may -—be in the actual Poffirffion of such Macor^, Lands aod Tenements,

is

773

-A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. III.	C.	158.

in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be so made as aforesaid.

LXir. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which Allowance to shall be raised as hereinafter mentioned for defraying the Expences Commiflioners of caiTying this Aft into Execution, so far as respects the dividing, Umpire, allotting and inclosing the Open Wafte Ground and Common Lands in the said several and respective Parifhes and Liberties aforesaid, there shall be paid to each Commifhoner and Umpire, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble,the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings and no more, for each Day he shall be attending in the Execution of this Aft or the said recited Aft, and in travelling to and from such Meetings (including all Travelling Charges and Expences whatsoever, except the Money they shall pay to the Servants, and for the Room or Rooms wherein such Meeting shall be held).

LXIII. And, in order to Cave ail unnecessary Expences and Delay Authenticited in the Execution of this Aft or the said recited Aft, be it further Survey*, &c. enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or alre?^,nJ**.8 Persons having in his or their Cuftody or Pofleflion any actual Sur- ma^ 6	*

veys, Maps or Plans of any Lands or Grounds within the said re-fpeftive Parifhes, or any of them, to deliver such Surveys, Maps and Plans unto the said Commiflioners for carrying this Aft and the said recited Aft into Execution, at such time or times as the said Com-njiflioners shall appoint for that Purpose: and that the said Com-miflioners shall thereupon enquire by the Oath as well of the Person or Persons delivering such Surveys, Maps or Plans respectively, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit (which Oaths they are hereby respectively authorized to administer) as to the Authenticity and Accuracy of every such Survey, Map and Plan 5 and iq all cases where the said Commiflioners shall be satisfied that fqch Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic, and have been accurately made, and will answer the Purpofe of a New Survey (but not otherwise), they the said Commiflioners shall cause the fame to be used in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purpofes herein mentioned, instead of making a new Admeafurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so comprised and described in the Maps and Plans aforesaid ; and that the said Commiflioners, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Aft, shall make Satisfaftion to the Parties called before them for their Trouble and Attendance with the fame, as well as for the Copies that shall be made thereof: Provided always, that in case such Person or Persons having the Poflef-(ion of any such Surveys, Maps or Plans, shall refuse or neglect to produce the fame at such time or times as the said Commiflioners shall for that Purpofe appoint, then such Surveys, Maps or Plans shall not at any time thereafter be received or admitted by the {aid Commiflioners.

LX1V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Lands to UediT-Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and (in-gular the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the said re« ipeftive Parifhes and Liberties (fave and except such Parts thereof respectively as are now or shall or may become vested in His Majesty, or any Person or Persons in Trull for Him by virtue hereof)

shall be, and the fame i« and are hereby djfafforeRed to all Intents $md Purpofes whatsoever ; and that from thenceforth no Person or ferfoils flvdl be c^ueftioned or liable to any P*in, Penalty or Pupifh-

3 D 3	incut

774

C. 158.	53*GEO.	HI.	A.D.1813.

Commissioners to extinguish Rights (if Common.

Turf, Gravel, Sec. not to be taken without .Licence of Commiihoncrf.

'Imprifoament.

ment for hunting, coursing, killing, deftroyiog or taking any Deer whatsoever within the fame, save and except within such Part or Parts thereof (if any) as shall be inclosed with Pales and kept for a Park or Parks by the Owners, Leffees or Tenants thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such time or times as the said respective Commissioners for the several Parilbes and Liberties aforesaid shall direct by Writing under their refpediTe Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the Parifh Churches of the said several Pariffies, and to be published in The JVindfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury (if then printed), or in some other Newfpaper or Newfpapers usually circulated in that Part of the Country, all Right of Common of Pafture and Turbary, of the said Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements, and all other Persons ititerefted therein, in and upon the several Allotments of the Commons and Wafte Lands within the said respective Pariffies by this Ad directed to be fet out, allotted and awarded unto the Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements, and Persons trfpec-tively interested therein as aforesaid (except as to any Allotment or Allotments to be fet out and allotted for the Ufe of the Poor in all or any of the respective Pariffies and Liberties aforesaid) shall re-fpedively from thenceforth cease, determine and be for ever extin-guiflied.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfcn or Persons after the palling of this Ad, and while the fame is carrying into Execution, shall cut, dig or carry away any Gravel, Earth, Sand, Stone, Clay or any Turves, Furze, Fern or other Fuel in, upon or from the said Commonable Grounds, Heath and Wafte Lands or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said last mentioned Commissioners respectively first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpofe (which Licence the said Commissioners respectively are hereby empowered to grant), then and in every such case, upon Proof thereof made before any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berks, either by Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath of One credible Witnefs (which Oath such Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), fuch'Juftice or Justices is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfoo or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale ; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Cofts and Charges of executing this Ad; and every Person shall be allowed to give Evidence of such Offence, notwithstanding he or (he may be in-terefted in the Inclosure; and if sufficient Diftrefs shall not be found, and such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corredion of the County, Riding or Diftrid, where

775

A.D.i8i3»	53*	GEO.	UL	C.158.

such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month for the First Offence, and for the Second and every other Offence of the fame Kind, for any time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Two Months, unfefs such Penalties or Fines, and all reafbnable Charges and Expences attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LX VII. And be it further enacted, That the said CommifHoners p*rifh Commif-for the said several and respective Parilhes and Liberties shall in their (ionen to ap-refpe&ive Parifhes and Liberties, asfoon after the palling of this A& point tnd fet out as they shall respectively think proper, and before he or they proceed Carriage to make any of the Allotments hereinafter directed, appoint and *' afeertain all such Public and Private Carriage Roads, Bridle Roads and Footpaths over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed (and not hereinbefore allotted to His Majefly^, as they shall respectively judge necessary (except any Roads herein specifically directed to be (lopped up or kept open], and all such Roads and Footpaths shall be fet out by the laid respective Commiflioners in the manner directed by the (aid recited Ad passed 41 G. 3. (U.K.) in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. c I09*

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Turning and the said Commiflioners so appointed or to be appointed for the said ft°PFnS UP Pari (he 8 and Liberties respectively, and they are hereby authorized oa 5 5 and empowered to turn, alter, (hut up or (top, and in and by their Award directed by the said recited Ad to be made, order and direct to be turned, altered and difeontinued, such of the present old and accustomed Roads, Highways, Lanes, and Footpaths or Ways leading through or over the old inclosed Lands or Tenements within the several Parifhes and Liberties afore said (but subject nevertheless to the Regulations contained in the said recited Ad, respecting the (lopping up of such Roads, and to the Provifions hereinafter contained respecting such Roads, Lanes, Footpaths or Ways) 5 and that the said Commiflioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to allot the Soil of and the Grafs and Herbage growing and renewing in and upon all and every such Roads, Lanes and Ways, so to be (hut and ftemped, to and for the Ufe of such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint in or by their said Award.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to interfere herein contained shall authorize such Commiflioner or Commiflioners with Roads, &c. to interfere with or give any Order or Diredion, or exercise any	to

Power in or about the turning, altering, (hutting up or flopping any	H,s Maje

of the Roads, Highways or Footpaths in any of the Allotments of the Wafte Lands to be made to His Majesty as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted. That when any of the Roads Part of Roads or any Branches of the Roads which are to be fet out, made or re-	certified

paired by such Commiflioner and Commiflioners shall have been	“ ma	e*

iufficiently and effectually made and repaired, then any Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Berks (not in-tereflea in the Inclofure or Divifion) may and they are hereby required from time to time to certify the fame, without waiting for a Completion of the rest of the Roads to be made and repaired within any Parilh or Liberty; and from and immediately after any such Roads shall be so certified as aforesaid, the future Re-

3 D 4	pairs

77*

Cattle, Sheep, Ac. not to be depaftured in Roads.

Commiflioners may divert Streams aud Wait rcourfes.

C.158.	530	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

pairs thereof (except as to the Roads which are to be kept in Repair by His Majesty) shall be done by and at the Expence of the Occupiers of the Lands within the Parish or Liberty wherein such Road is situate.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall permit any Sort of Cattle, Beads, Sheep, Lambs or Swine, to graze in any of the Highways, Lanes or Paffages which the said Commiflioners for the said leverai Pariflies and Liberties shall order or direct to be laned off or fenced on both Sides* for the Space of Seven Years next after the flgning of the Award of the said Com* mifiioners hereinafter mentioned, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings for every Horse, Bead, Sheep, Lamb or Swine found grazing thereon, to be paid to such Person or Persons who shall take and impound the fame (which any Person or Persons, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to do); which said Penalty shall* if not paid on Demand thereof being made of the Owner of any such Horse, Bead, Sheep, Lamb or Swine, be recovered by Application and Complaint to any Juftice of the Peace for the said County of Berks, not intereded in the said Lands and Grounds, who is hereby authorized and required to summon the Parties cQncemed, and examine into the Fadts by one or more Witnefs or Witneffes on Oath (which Oath the said Judices are hereby empowered and required to adminider), and after such Summons and Examination shall and may, if he fees just Cause, order the said Penalty to be levied by Diftfefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Bead* Sheep, Lamb pr Swine shall belong, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner and Qwpers of such Goods and Chattels, after dedudung the Cods of such Summons^ Warrant, Diftrefs and Sale.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to direct, order and award any Streams of Water, Springs and Watercourses, within the said several and respective Parifties and Liberties, to be carried and conveyed in such Course, and through such Lands and Grounds, Parcels of the said Lands hereby intended to be inclosed and divided (other than and except the laid Allotments so to be made to His Majesty as aforefaid], as they in their Difcretion respectively shall think necessary and proper for the Pur* poses aforesaid j but that it shall not be lawful for any Commiflionera under this A£t to divert, alter or change any such Stream, Spring or Watercourse, or make any such new Drains, Cuts or Ditches, or lay out any such Drains, new Cuts and Ditches, through or over any of the said Wades or Commons, or Lands to be allotted or divided under this A&; nor shall any Person or Persons to whom any Lands shall be awarded and allotted under this Aft, make any such Drains, Cuts or Ditches, so as to carry or throw the Water from any such new Inclofure9 upon any Lands or Grounds now inclosed or under Cultivation, so as to injure the fame, or so as to injure any Mill or JPiece of ornamental Water, or in any case in whiph the Rivers, Rivulets, Watercourses, Drains. Cuts and Ditches, into which the Water from any such new Drains, Cuts or Ditches fjiall flow, shall not be sufficient to carry off such Waters without any Injury to Lands now inclosed or under Cultivation, unless the said Commiflioners or Perfon6 to whom any Lands may be awarded or

a	allotted

777

UX1813.	53*	GEO.	Ill,	C.	158.

illotted under this Ad, by the opening or clcanfing of any old Rivers,

Rivulets, Watercoursea, Drains or Ditches, or making any new Drains, Cuts or Ditches, with the Confent in Writing of the Person interested in the Soil and Banks of such Rivers, Rivulets, Watercourses, Drains or Ditches, and of the Owner and Occupier of the Lands or Grounds through which the fame run, can carry off such Water without Injury to the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds now inclosed or in Cultivation, or which may be inclosed under the Provifions of this Ad : Provided always, that no such Stream, Spring or Watercourfe shall be diverted or turned from pr into any inclosed Lands or Grounds without the Confent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof. •

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Com- Allotments foe miflioners for the respective Parifhes and Liberties aforesaid shall, and they are hereby required to fet out, allot and award unto uor,B and for the several other Lords of the said Manors respectively for the time being, in lieu* of their respective Rights to the Soil of the respective Commons and Waftes within the said Manors respectively, such Parts and fp much of the respective Commons and Waftes within the said Manors respectively, and hereby directed to be inclosed, as in their Judgment shall be equal to Two Thirty second Parts of the whole of such Commons and Waftes respectively, for a full Compenfation for their respective Rights to the Soil of such Commons and Waftes respectively as such Lords of the said refpcc-tive Manors.

* LXXIV. And whereas the Matter and Poor Men (Sixteen in « Number) constantly residing and relieved in the Hofpital or f Almshoufe in the Parifh of Wokingham, heretofore founded and 4 endowed by Henry Lueat Esquire, have been usually supplied 4 with Fuel m their respective Apartments within the said Hofpital

*	from the Commons and Heaths within the said Parifh of Woking-

*	ham, although every Parifh in the Foreft has an alternate Right 4 of Presentation to the said charitable Inftitution 5 and it is de-

*	firablc that feme Provifion shall be made for the future Supply

4 of Fuel to the said HofpitalBe it therefore enacted, That it Allotment to

shall be lawfpl for the said Commiflioners, and they are hereby au- Lucas’s Hoipital,

thorized and required to fet out and allot unto the Reverend Wokingham.

William B retainer y and his Succeffors, the Mafter and Chaplain of the

said Hofpital or Almshoufe for the time being, Thirty Acres of

pleath or Wafte Land, fit and proper for Fuel within the said Parifh

of Wokittghom i (Fifteen Acres whereof to be taken as Part of the

Allotment directed to be made to His Majesty as Compenfation for

Foreftal Rights, and the remaining Fifteen Acres from all the other

Persons entitled to Right of Common in the said Parifh, in fuch

Piece or Pieces as the said Commiflioners shall think fit;) and fuch

piece or Pieces of Land so to be fet out to the said William

Bretnner and his Succeffors as aforesaid shall, on the Execution of

the Award of the said Commiflioners, be yelied, in him the faid

William Bremner and his Succeffors, the Mafter and Chaplain of the

said Hofpital or Alms-houfe for the time being, for ever, in Trult

for the Supply of Fuel for such Mafter and Chaplain, and of the

said Poor Men who for the time being shall reside and dwell in the

laid Hofpital, to be there used and consumed and not elsewhere.

LXXV. And

Allotments to LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commiffionert Trufteet for shall and they are hereby required to fet out and allot unto the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Panfh of Sunningbill, and their SuccefTors, Churchwardens - and Overseers of the Poor for the time being, for ever, a certain Piece or Parcel of Wafte Land, lying and being within the said Parifh called Sunningbill Bog, and containing by Admeasurement Ore hundred and twelve Acres; aud unto the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Town and Parifh of Wokingham aforesaid, and their SuccefTors, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the time being, for ever, such Parts of the Open and Wafte Landi within the said Pariih of Wokingham as shall contain in the whole Two Thirty second Parts thereof; and unto the Re&ors, Vican Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the respective other Parifhesand Liberties aforesaid, and their SuccefTors, Roftors, Vicar?, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, for the time being, for ever, such Parts of the Open and Wafte Lands in such of the said several and respective Parifhes and Liberties where the fame can be so conveniently fet out and allotted as shall contain in the whole One Thirty second Part thereof in such Allotment and Proportions as the said Commiflioners shall deem fair and reasonable, as aod for and in lieu of the Right or Liberty of the Poor Inhabitants of the above mentioned Parifhes and Liberties respectively, to cut, take and use Turves, Fern and other Fuel from the said Common and Wafte Lands where such Right exists, and such Parts of the said Wale Lands as aforesaid shall in the Execution of the Award of the said Commiflioners be invested in the Re&ors, Vicars, Churchwarden! and Overseers of the Poor of the (aid several and respective Pariftes and Liberties aforesaid, and their SuccefTors for the time being, for ever, as Truflees for the Poor of the fame several Parifhes aod Liberties, and the Turves, Fern, and other Fuel arising from the Lands so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall be cut, taken and used by such Poor Inhabitants of the aforesaid several Parifhes and Liberties respectively, as shall be legally fettled therein, and shall 001 respectively occupy Houses, Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, in such Quantities and at such time or times in each and every Year, under such Orders, Rulesand Regulations, and in such manner as the said Tru flees for the time being, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time diird or appoint 5 which said Portions of Wafte Land so to be allotted in

Trull for the Poor Inhabitants of the several Parifhes and Liberties aforesaid (except as to Sunninghill) shall betaken, fet out and allotted by the said Commiflioners from such Part or Parts of the said Open and Wafte Lands in the said several and respective Parifbci and Liberties, as shall in their Judgment he the lead prejudicial to the Proprietors of MefTuages, Lands or Hereditaments therein respectively having Rights of Common or other Interefls in,#upos, from or out of the Open or Wafte Lands in the several and reipec-tive Parifhes aforesaid.

Tmftees may LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it m»keRegulations shall and may be lawful to and for the said Troftees, or the major JorEnjojmmof Part of t|ieni> to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations for the oor otments. £nj0ymcnt Gf the fa*jd Right as to them shall seem right and proper, and from time to time to alter, vary or repeal all fuch

Rules,

s

D. 1813*	53f	GEO. III.	C.	158.	779

ules, Orders and Regulations; and'all such Rules, Orders and Relations shall be good, valid and effectual, provided that the fame not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom lied Envlandy or inconsistent with the ProviGons and Duties of this €t ; and it shall and may be lawful to or for the Truflees or the ajor Part of them, to inflict such Penalties on any Person or Perns who shall infringe or break such Rules, Orders or Regulations,

• any of them, by suspending such Person or Persons from the Te and Exercife of such Right and Enjoyment of Turbary from the id Proprietors of Common Land, for a time not exceeding Two ears ; and in case any Person or Persons shall, after having been > suspended from the exerciGng of such Rights as aforesaid, enter pon the Premises, and use and exercise the fame during the time lat he, she or they shall be so suspended, restricted or prevented,

\at in any such case he, she or they shall be deemed a wilful Tref-affer or TrefpafTers.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Trustees mty lall be lawful for the Reaors or Vicars of the said Reftories or b7 Vicarages, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said everal and respective Parifhes and Liberties for the time being, to 61 in the Execution of the Truft hereby in them reposed by their \gents and Proxies respectively, such Agents or Proxies being ap->omted by Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Person or Persons for whom iuch Agent or Proxies shall aft, and producing uch his or their Appointment at the time of his or their acting by drtue thereof.

LXXV1I1. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall Power for ind may be lawful to and for the several Reftors, Vicars, Church- Trustees to grant wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several and refpec- 1<eafet* tive Parifhes and Liberties for the time being, Trustees as aforesaid (if they in their Difcretion shall deem it expedient, and shall be more conducive to the Interefts of the Poor of their said several and re-fpeftive Parifhes and Liberties), or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease and demise the said several and respective Allotments to the Poor or so much thereof, and in such Part or Parts as they shall think proper, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years, so as in every such Leafe there be referred and made payable to the said Truflees of the said several and refpe6tive Parifhes and Liberties, so demiGng, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in the Year, at the mofl improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the Land thereby demised, without taking any Fine or Premium for granting such Leafe or Leases; and that in all such Leafes there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations as the said Trustees for the said respective Parifhes and Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall thins: proper to be inserted therein 5 and the Rents and Profits arising from such Allotment or Allotments shall from time to time be laid out in the Purchafe of Coals or other Fuel; and such Coals or other Fuel shall be fold and disposed of unto andamongft the industrious Poor Inhabitants of the said several and respective Parifhes and Liberties, who shall occupy Lands or Tenements being less in Quantity than One Acre, at a Price not exceeding One Moiety of the Coft or original Price thereof, in fuch

Proportions

C. 158.

530 GEO. III.

A.D.i8r3*

Proportions and Quantities, and at such times in the Year, and according to such Rules and Regulations, as the (aid Trustees for the said respective Parifhes and Liberties for the time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise; and all Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received by the said Trustees from such industrious Poor Inhabitants of the hud respective Parifhes and Liberties, upon the Sale or Sales of such Coals or other Fuel as aforesaid, shall be by them the said Trustees for the said respective Pariflies and Liberties, or the major Part of them, from time to time again laid out and expended in the Purchafe of other Coals or other Fuel; and they are hereby required to appropriate the fame, and every Part thereof, for the Benefit of the laid Poor Inhabitants exclufivelv, in the manner hereinbefore directed, so long as there shall be Monies remaining applicable for that Purpofe.	,

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made or done by the said Redor, Vicar, Churchwardens and Overfcers of the Poor and their SuccefTors of the said several and respective Parities and Liberties touching or respecting the Purchase, Sale and Diftribution of the made at a Vcftry said Coals or other Fuel, in manner hereinbefore directed, shall be

Orders ind Refutations for Purchase, Sale end Diftribution of Coats or other Fuel, to he

Meeting'.

Allotments of Refiduc of Commons and Waites.

Allotments to Lordsof Manors in Right of Soil, not to aft<« their Rights as Proprietors.

binding or conelusive, unless the fame shall be made or done at some Meeting to be held in the Veftry Room belonging to the said several Pariihes and Liberties respectively, of which Ten Days’ previous Notice shall be given to the said Redor* and Vicars respectively, by the said Churchwardens and Overfecrs, and their Succeflors, or feme or one of them, or left for each Redor or Vicar respectively at the Redory or Vicarage House (except the said Redory or Vicarage shall be then vacant) ; and that all such Rules, Orders and Regulations /hall be decided by the Majority present at every such Meeting, at which the said Redor or Vicar, or their respective Deputies (whom he is hereby authorized to name I if present, shall confUntly preside ; and in case of an Equality of Voices upon any QuefUoa under Difcuflion at any such Meeting, the said Redor or Vicar, or his Deputy, if present, shall have tne calling Voice.

LXXX. And be it further enaded/,That after setting out public Drains, and public and private Roads and Highways (and Urarel Pits where requisite and pradicable for getting Materials for repairing the Roads and Highways) to be made over the said Open Fields and Commons and Wafte Lands in the said several and respective Parifhes and Liberties a fore said, the said Commiflioners for the said several Parifhes and Liberties shall and they are hereby required to fet out, allot and award unto and amongst the several Persons io-tcrested, the Refidue of the said Commons and Waftc Lands in all and every of the Parifhes and Liberties aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as. the said Commiflioners respectively shall adjudge and determine in Proportion and according to and in full Coir,pea fat ion and Satisfa&ion for their respective Estates, Rights and Interefts therein respectively, at the time of setting out and making the said Allotments respectively.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

several Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made to the feveral

Lords of Manors as aforesaid, for and in lieu of their respective Rights

to the Soil of the respective Commons and Wafle Grounds in the *

£8 r

A.D.i8i3«	53* GEO. III.	C.158*

said several Manors respectively, shall not in any manner affect or prejudice the respective Rights of the said several Lords of Manors as aforesaid, to their several and respective proportional Allotments as Proprietors of or as being interested in the said Open Wafte Ground and Common Lands so to be divided and inclosed, further than with respect to their several and respective Rights to the foil of the several and respective Commons and Wactes, for which Allotments are hereinbefore directed to be fererally and respectively made.

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That no Persons not ea-Perfon or Persons shall be entitled to have or claim any Allotment or Allotments of the Common and Wafte Lands within the said re-fpeftive Parifhes and Liberties in Right of any Encroachments that shall or may have been made upon any Part or Parts of the said Commons or Wafte Lands.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotments fet said several Allotments hereby directed to be made of the Open and oul ^eforca Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within certain llin^ the said several Parilhes and Liberties respectively, to His Majesty and the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Estates, and other Persons having Intereft therein, by the said Commiflioners respectively for carrying this Aft into Execution, shall be fet out, allotted and awarded according to the Directions aforesaid, within the Space of Two Years next after such Allotments to His Majesty shall be fet out and ascertained as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Quality «nd Commiflioners for the said Parifhes and Liberties respectively, in Situation of Al-making the said Divifions and Allotments respectively as aforesaid, shall have a due Regard to the Quality and Situation as well as the 1 ere *

Suantity of the Lauds so to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, and so to the Conveniency of the Parties concerned, and shall fet out the Part or Share of every Person respectively in one entire Plot or Parcel where the fame can he conveniently done, and as near to each particular Perfon’s Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as conveniently may be, without Prejudice or Partiality to any of the Parties and Persons interested in the said Divifion and Inclosure; but the Provifion hereby made shall not authorize or empower the said Commiflioners to make any Alteration in the specific Allotments hereinbefore directed or authorized to be made to or for the Ufe of His Majesty* his Heirs or Succeflors, as aforesaid.

LXXXv. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it IVvertoMl shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled in Fee to any Commou Rights# Right of Common upon any of the Commonable Lands or Wafte.

Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, to fell and dispose of his, her or their Right or Intereft in any such Rights, separate and apart from the Property to which the fame are appurtenant 5 and the said Commiflioners for the said several Parifhes and Liberties respectively shall award the Allotments to be made in lieu of fuch'

Rights so fold and disposed of, to the Purcbafers thereof refpec-tively, having received a Requeft in Writing so to do, signed by the Proprietors or Owners of such Right in the Prefence of One or more credible Witnefa or Witneffesj any Law, Ufage or Cuftom	'

to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Lands and Allotments held Hereditaments which shall be allowed by virtue of this or the said under fame

recited A'cuurs u Pre-

^.

mifc* in respect of which such Allotment* were made.

Propric tors ra*y purchase Trees upon their Allotments.

recited A6t to any Person or Persons, shall be held by such Ferfoo or Persons under the fame Tenure, Rents, Cuftoros and Services as the MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and other Hereditaments, in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively made or given, were respectively held under or enjoyed by such Person or Persons as aforesaid before the palling of this A&, or would have been held under and enjoyed by in case this Ad had not paflTed; and the several Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted for any Freehold MefTuages or Cottages, Lands or Hereditaments, shall be deemed Freehold, and shall be held of the Lord or Lords of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents or other Payments as the Freehold MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments for which they were allotted, were before that time held under; and the federal Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted for any Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands or Hereditaments, shall in like manner be deemed Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments, and shall be held of the Lord or Lords of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents and by the fame Cuftoms and Sendees as the Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments, for which they were To allotted were or ought to have been held under, and shall pass by the like Surrenders and Admittances as the Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments, in refpe£t whereof such Allotments shall be made, do now pass by ; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments shall be allotted as aforesaid, may at any Court which shall be holden for the Manor or Manors whereof such Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments shall be respectively holden, after the Execution of the Award of the said Commiflioners respectively, be admitted Tenant and Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manors (fave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for tne Copies of such Admiflions respectively, and the Cuftomary Fees to the Stewards of the said Manors refpec-tively) ; but in case the Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments shall be allotted, shall die without Admiflion thereto, then the Cuftomary Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admiffion of the Person or Persons entitled to such Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments ; and after every such first Admiflioo as aforesaid, the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all times be held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Fines and other Payments as the present Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments, in re. fpett whereof such Lands and Hereditaments were allotted, are now held under and are subject to; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwit hftanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted. That in case the several Persons entitled to Allotments of the Waite Lands within the said several and respective Parilhes and Liberties as aforesaid, or either of them, shall be desirous of purchaling such Timber Trees and other Trees as shall be the Property of His Majesty, (landing, growing and being in or upon any of their said Allotments, then and in every such case the Value of such Timber Trees and other

3	Tree*

C^

A.D.1813.	53° GEO. HI.	C.158.	783

Trees shall be ascertained and fettled by the Commiffioner or Com-mifEoners of the said Parifhes refpcHively, and the Commiffioner hereinbefore appointed for and on Behalf of Hit Majesty; and in case the laid Commiflioners shall not agree in their Opinion at to such Valuation, then it shall be lawful for the said Commif* iioners and they arc hereby authorized and required to refer and submit the fame to the Determination of some indifferent Person to be chosen by them, and the Determination of fqph Person so to be chosen and appointed by the said Commiflioners, shall as to such Valuation be binding and condufive, as well on the Part of Hit Majesty as of the Person or Persons purchasing or agreeing to pur-chafe such Timber and other Trees as aforesaid ; and the Purchafe Money to be received for the fame shall be paid to the Commiffionert of His Majefty't Woods, Foreftt and Land Revenue, or to the Surveyor General of Hit Majefty’s Woods and Forests, for the time being, to be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enaHed, That the Lands and Allotments to Grounds so to be allotted and awarded upon the said Divifion and enure ,0 ^ua9, Inclosure, to and for the several Parties concerned, and the several Media get, Lands, Tenementi, Old Inclosures, new Allotments, and other Hereditaments, which shall be exchanged by virtue or in pursuance of this All or of the said recited Ad, shall immediately after such Allotments and Exchanges are made, be, remain and enure, and the several Persons to whom the fame shall be re-* fpe&ively allotted or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised or possessed thereof to such and the fame Ufes, Estates, Trufts and Purposes, subject to such and the feme Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Leafes (except Leafes at Rack Rent), Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services and Incumbrances, as the several and respective Meffuages, Lands,

Tenements, Old Inclofum, New Allotments or Exchanges, which /hall be respectively made or taken as aforesaid, are now held under or subject or liable to be charged with or affected by in case this Ad haa not been made. f

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and prorifo for may be lawful to and for William Lucas E[quire, his Heirs and Waterworks of Afsigns, and his and their Servants, Workmen and Artificers, from William Lucas time to time, and at all times hereafter, to have free Ingrefs, Egrefs E^uirc* and Regrefs into, from and upon such of the Wafte Lands to be divided and allotted within the said Parifh of Binfield', through which the Water is conveyed from a Spring near the Windfor Forejl Turnpike Road, to the Dwelling Houle of him the said William Lucax> and to dig, open and remove the Earth and Soil there, in such manner and as often as it shall be necessary for repairing or clean-ling' the Pipes by which such Water is conveyed through the fame Lands, he and they doing as little Damage as may be thereby, in such and the like manner as if this AH had not been pa(Ted.

XC. And be it further enaHed, That it shall be lawful to and proviso for Ex-for the laid refpeHive Commiflioners of the several Pari(hes and changes and re-Liberties as aforesaid, to fet out, allot and award any Lands, moving Difabili-Tencments and -Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof any Person or Ue1,

Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are seised for any Eftates of Freehold or Inheritance, within either of the faid

Pariflies

784

frovifo*

Incumbents fiantiuj Lerfes.

Parifhes or Liberties, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wbatfocver within any such Paristi, or within any adjoining Pariih, Liberty, Hamlet or Town-(hip; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, Specified and declared in the Award of the Said relpe&ive Commiilxoners, and that all Exchanges in pursuance of this A& be made with the Content of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hail be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Feoffees for Charitable and other Ules, Hufbands, Committees or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making any such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who shall be beyond the Sea9, or other wife di fabled to aft for themselves, himself or herseif, such Confent to be certified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively ; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever: Provided always, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held m Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent of the Patron thereof, and the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate, testified by Writing under their Hands: Provided always, that all Cods, Charges and Expences attending the making any Exchanges or Partitions shall be paid and borne by the levera! Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said respective Commissioners shall by their respective Award order and direct.

XCI. And be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Re&qp, Vicars or other Incumbents of all Ecclefiaftical Benefices, with or without Cure of Souls, with the Content of the Patron, Ordinary and Diocefan of such Benefice, in nefped of any Allotments to be fet out to them respectively in right of loch Benefices, by Indenture or Indentures, to be by them respectively sealed and delivered in the Prefence of and attested by Two or more reipe&able Witnefies, to grant One Leafe or Demife of all or asy Part or Parts of their said respective Allotments to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Fourteen Years from the Date of the Award to be made in pursuance of this A&, as hereinafter directed, so as no such Leafe be made without Impeachment of Wafte, by any exprefi Words to be therein contained; and so as the Leflee or Leflee* in every such Leafe shall and do at his 01 their own Cnfts and Charges make, keep up, support and maintain the Ring *nd Sub* division Fences belonging to .the fame Allotments reipe&ively, and every of them, during his or their Term therein; and so as the Mode of Cultivation and Management of the Land be laid down and prescribed in every such Lease, according to the bell and rooft

approved

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO,	III.	C.158.	785

approved Methods of Hu (ban dry, in the Parifh and Neighbour-hood where such Lands lie; and so as sufficient Penalties be imposed on the Lefiees in case of Breach or Non-performance of any Covenants or Stipulations to be contained in such Leases; and so as the bell andmoft improved yearly Rent or Rents, according to the Judgment of the said Commiffioner or Commissioners, be referred and made payable thereon, without any Fine or Premium being taken by the Party granting such Lease, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever for making or granting the fame; and so as the tifual Powers of Re-entry tor Non-payment of Rent be jnferted therein ; and so as such LelTee or Leffees do seal, execute and deliver a Counterpart of every such Leafe.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be Leafes at Reck made of the said Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds by virtue of Rent vacated at this Ad (exdufive of the Allotments to be made to His Majesty to Comoxiaa. as aforesaid), in respect of any Lands or Tenements held by Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent ot for which Leafes no Fines are therein expressed to have been paid to the Grantors or Leffors, as the Consideration for the fame, /hall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Lands and Tenements, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lefiees to, in or upon the said Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leafes ; and in case any of such Leffees Ihall think himself, herself or therafelves aggrieved thereby, and such Leffors and Leffees shall "not fettle the fame to their mutual Satisfaction, then in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the said respective Parilhei and Liberties in which the fame shall happen, on Application to him or them made by either Patty, to take the Matters in question into their or his Confideratiou, and by his or their Order to make every such Leffee, for his, her and their Lofs of Commonage, or other Loffes by means of the said Division, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Redu&ion in the Rent by Inch Leafes refereed, as the said Commiffioner or Commissioners shall think just and eauitable.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Provlfofor passing of this A€t, until such Divifion and Allotment shall be made as aforesaid, all the Tillage and other Lands lying in the said Open Hu“,IudrT* and Common Fields of the said several and refpc6tive Parifhes and Liberties aforesaid, by this A& directed to be divided and allotted, shall be cropped or sown by the Proprietors or Occupiers thereof, in such Proportions and Manner, and shall be (locked with such Cattle or Sheep, and kept, ordered and continued in such Courfe of Hufbandry, as the said Commissioners for the said several and refpec-trve Pariffies and Liberties shall, by Writing under their respective Hands in that Behalf, from time to time order, direct or appoint, if they or either of them shall think proper to give any Order or Dire&ion concerning the fame 5 and that no Meadow, Pafture or Greenfward Ground, being Part of the Lands and Grounds by this AQt directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall before the making of such Divifion and Allotment be ploughed, broken up or converted into Tillage ; and that it shall be lawful for the said Com-tniffioners for the bid several and refpe6tive ParHhei and Liberties, at 53 Gbq. III.	jE	any

78<S

C.158.

530 GEO. III.

AD.i8ij

Compcnfation for growiug Crops.

Diftrsfi.

any time before the making of the {aid Allotments, in case they or eitner or any of them shall Judge it beneficial to the Proprietors, by a Notice or Notices in Writing under their respective Hands, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the several Churches of the respective Pari (he 8 aforef " r r ’	**	*rt	"	*

Lands or Grounds by this Afct directed to be divided, allotted and w-closed; and such Rights of Common shall be suspended, or shall cease and be for ever extinguished, according to such Notice or Notices.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Com-mifiioners for the said Pari files and Liberties respectively shall and may, by fomc Writing or Writings under their respective Hands, ascertain, order and appoint what Recompence and Satisfa&ion in Money shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing on any Part of the said Open and Common Fields at the time of making the (aid intended Divifion and Allotment, for the said Crops, by the Ptrfon or Persons to whom the Lands on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted, unless such Owner or Owners shall within the time to be appointed, by Writing under the Hands of the said respective Commifiioners for that Purpole, declare his, her or their Intention to reap and take away the fame, and shall have Permifiion from the said Commifiioners respectively so to do; and in case of Nonpayment of such Recompence and Satisfa&ion in Money for such Crops, at the time and in the manner to be appointed by the (aid respective Commifiioners for that Purpose, or in case of fucn Ele&km to reap and take away the fame, then it shall be lawful for fuck Owner of such Crops, and his, her or their Servants, Workmen or Agents, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap and carry away the fame, and to dispose thereof to his, her and their own Ufe ; and also that the said respective Commissioners shall, by some Writing or Writings under their respective Hands, ascertain, order and appoint what Recompence and Satisfa&ion shall be paid, and to wbom, for the Standage of Crops, by such Owner or Owners electing and having Permifiion from tne said Commifiioners respectively to take away the fame as aforesaid, and also what Satisfa&ion in Money (hap be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Land, within the (aid several Parifiies aforesaid, as west for ploughing, tilling and manuring of any Lands or Grounds, which shall be allotted to some other Perlon or Persons for the Profit and Advantage which any Person or Persons to whom the said Grounds shall be allotted will obtain thereby, as for any Lofs or l>amage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may fuftam by means of the said Divifion and Inclofure j and if is either or any of the said cases last mentioned, such Recoxnpenoe and Satisfa&ion shall not be made, at the time and in manner to be appointed by the said Commifiioners respectively, then the laid Com* mifiioners shall and may, by any Warrant or Warrants under their respective Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever (and which Warrant or Warrants tney or either or any of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered to grant accordingly), cause the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods tad Chattels of the PerfQn or Persons required to make inch Satiafa&km

the Rights of Common

aad

7^7

«A.D.i8i3*	53*GEO.IIL	C. 158.

and Recompence as aforesaid, together with the Cofts and Charges of such Di ft refs and Sale; rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of filch Goods and Chattels.

XCV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Sheep not to be Cattle shall be depaftured on any of the Allotments to be made by ■virtue of this Aft, for the Space of Seven Years from the making of unlefcfeneed, the said Allotments, unless the Person or Persons so depafturing the fame shall have well and effeftuallv fenced and guarded the Quick planted upon the adjoining Land ot any other Proprietor or Proprietors as a Divifion Fence, from the Land of the Person or Persons so depafturing with Sheep or Cattle as aforesaid.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Cofts and Charges of Expences of and incident to the surveying, measuring, planning, dividing, valuing Allotments to and allotting the said lall mentioned Open and Common Fields and	ow

Commonable Land and Wafte Ground so intended to be divided, 6 y allotted and inclosed, and of making the Public Roads, Drains,

Watercourfes and Bridges, to be fet out by virtue of this Aft and the said recited Aft, and of preparing and enrolling the several Awards, and the Allowances to the several Commiflioners, Umpires and Clerks, and to the several Persons to be employed by them either before or after the Execution of the said respective Awards, in or about or concerning the Execution of this Aft and the said recited Aft, and not hereby otherwise provided for, shall from time to time be borne, paid and defrayed by and at the Expence of all the said Proprietors and Owners or other Persons interested, according to the Benefits derived under this Aft, in such Shares and Proportions, at such time or times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said several and respective Com-miffioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the several and respective Pari(h Churches, at least Ten Days before the time of such Payment, order and direct.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commiflioners Such Expences respectively shall and they are hereby authorized to fet out such Piece defrayed by Sales or Pieces, Parcel or Pareels, and Quantity of the Wafte Grounds within such of the said several and respective Parifties hereinbefore	\(	re.

named (when the major Part in value of the Proprietors in such quired. several and respective Paristies, to be ascertained by the Land Tax Afleflment, shall require them so to do) as they shall think proper, for railing Money by Sale thereof, in manner directed by the said recited Aft, to defray the Expences of carrying this Aft, so far as relates to the several Allotments to be made to the several Proprietors of Eftates in the respective Parifties aforesaid into Execution ; and in case any Surplus shall remain, after all such Charges and Expences shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the fame shall be divided and distributed amongst the several Proprietors, according to their several and respective Interefts therein : and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple shall be .paid to them refpeftivelv ; and the Shares of such other Proprietors of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said redted Aft in those cases where any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon ; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes; and that the fame Commiffioiiers shall and they are hereby authorized and directed to

3E2	fcU

^.

C. 158.	53'GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Incapacitated Perlons allowed to fell for Expence*.

fell such Piece or Piece*, Parcel or Pareels, and Quantity of the Wafte Grounds so by them fet out as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by them for that Purpofe ; and the Person or Persons who shall then and there offer the largest Sum of Money for such Land, or any Piece or Parcel thereof respectively, shall be the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, he, (he or they immediately paying One fifth Part of his, her or their Purchafe Money, as and for a Deposit, and paying the Refidue of such Purchafe Money, within Two Calendar Month* afterwards, into the Hands of the Commifiioner for each respective Parifh as aforesaid, or of such Person as they shall appoint, whole Receipt shall fuffieiently discharge such Purchafer or Purchafers from any Concern in or Necefiity of feeing to the Application thereof; and the said Commifiioner shall thereupon, at the Cofts and Charges of such Purchafer or respective Purchafers, convey the said Lands so fold as aforesaid, unto and to the Ufe of, or in Truft for, such Purchafer or respective Purchafers, and his, her or their respective Heirs and Afiigns, or otherwise, as such Purchafer or respective Purchafers shall direct; and the Land so to be fold and conveyed as aforesaid shall thenceforth vbe held and enjoyed as Freehold Land, freed and dif-charged from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and the said Commiflioners shall, by their said Award, afiign and allot the fame Land accordingly; but in case such Purchafer or respective Purchafers Ihall refuse or neglect to pay the Refidue of his, her or their Purchafe Money, within the time herein for that Purpofe appointed for the Payment thereof, then the Money so to be deposited as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and applied towards defraying the Cofts, Charges and Expences of executing this Ad, so far as relates to the several Allotments to be made to the several Proprietors of Eftates in the refpe6tive Parilhcs aforesaid ; and the Land for the Purchafe whereof such Money was deposited, or for which no Money was offered at the Time aud Place aforesaid, shall again be offered to Sale, and fold in manner aforesaid, and so toties qua tics, until the fame shall be fold and conveyed, and the whole Purchafe Money for the feme shall be paid to the said Commifiioner in manner and for the Purpofes aforesaid : Provided always, that whenever any such Determination for Sale shall have been made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any other Person or Persons in-.terefted in such Divifion and Allotment, to give Notice in Writing to the Commifiioner or Commiflioners of his, her or their Wi(h and Intention to contribute his or their Proportion of such Expences ia Money ; and then in that case, the said Commiflioners (hail proceed to award such Proportion, and to fet out and allot his, her or their Proportion and Share of the said Waftea and Commons, without making any Deduction in respect of. such Expences.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That in case any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons intereffed in any Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, entitled to share in the Lands to be iuclofed by virtue of this Ad, who by virtue of this or the said recited Ad shall have Power to raiie Money on Mortgage for paying and defraying their respective Proportions of the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the carrying the In--clofure hereby intended into Execution, (hallinffead of exercising fuch

Power

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	III.	C.158.

Power of borrowing Money as aforesaid, be desirous of having Land deduced or taken from their respective Allotments, equivalent to the Amount in Money with which they are by this Aft or thefaid recited Aft enabled to charge their respective Allotments, and shall by themselves or Agents signify the fame in Writing to the Commiffioner or Commissioners acting under this Aft ; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Commiffioner or Commissioners to deduct from the respective Allotments to be made to such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or to such other Owners or Proprietors, or Persons as aforesaid refpec-tively, so much Land as shall in the Judgment of such Commiffioner or Commissioners be equal in Value to such Sum or Sums of Money as such respective Owners or Proprietors or Persons shall be warranted or empowered by virtue of this Aft or the said recited Aft, to raise or charge for the Purpofes aforesaid, and to allot and award the fame to such Person or Persons who shall give for the fame such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid; and the fame shall be thenceforth held by such Person or Persons as his, her or their Freehold of Inheritance in Fee Simple discharged of all Commonable Rights and other Rights for which Compenfation shall have been provided and made upon or under such Divifion or Inclosure: Pro- pr0Vif0. rided always, that in all cases where any Land shall be deducted from the Allotment of any of the said Proprietors or Persons towards Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to deduct from any Allotment to be made to any Proprietor or Proprietors, any further or greater Quantity of Land than would be equal in value to the Sum of Money that such Proprietor or Proprietors is or are by this or the said recited Aft empowered to borrow and charge on his, her or their Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ; nor shall it be lawful for the Proprietor or Person from whose Allotment Land shall be deducted as aforesaid, to charge his, her or their Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by virtue of the said recited Aft or this Aft, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the In case Money Money to be produced by such Sale or Sales, where the fame fhall	-Sa,e*

take place, shall not be sufficient to defray all such Cofts, Charges Defidency^aid and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such case the Deficiency shall by Proprietors* be borne, defrayed and paid by the respective Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom the said Lands and Grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this Aft, in Proportion to the Value of their respective Allotments, such Proportion to be fettled and ascertained by the said Commiffioner or Commissioners appointed for the said Parifhes respectively ; and such Proportions, when so fettled and ascertained, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such time or times, as they shall order and direct; and in case any Person or Persons, Body or,Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Share or Proportion of the said Deficiency, then and in such case the said Commiffioner or Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Diftrcft. Chattels of the Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments so refusing or neglecting such Pay-

3 £ 3	xnent

799

fJ9°

C. 158.

53° GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Ferfoni advancing Money, repaid with la-tereft.

Commiflioners

to lav Accounts before Justices.

Commiflioners to make Awards.

41 0.3. (U.K.) CI09.

Appeal.

went as aforesaid, together with the Cofts and Charges of such Warrant, Diftrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand ; and every Occupier or Tenant who shall make such Payments under such Diftreis or otherwise, by Order of the said Commiflioner or Commiflioners, is hereby authorized to dedud and retain out of his, her and their next Payment of Rents, so much Money as he, (he or they shall so pay on that Account.

C. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Proprietors of the said Common Fields and Premifes in any of the said several Pariflies and Liberties, or any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution, such Proprietors or Pcrfon6 shall be repaid the fame, with I mere ft, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per j4nnumf by the said respective Commiflioners of the said several rariflics and Liberties, out of the Monies which shall be first raised by them, to defray the Charges and Expences of putting this Ad into Execution.

CL And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Ad (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of pafiiiig thereof) the refpcCtive Commif-fioncrs for the said several Pariflies and Liberties aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by them respectively received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Ad ; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them respectively laid before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berh, residing in the Neighbourhood, but not in-terefted in the (aid intended Divifiou and Inclofure in the laid respective Pari(hes, to he by them examined and balaneed, and such Balance shall be.by such Justices dated in the respective Book or Books of Accounts, to be kept in the Offices of the refpedrie Clerks to the said Commiflioners.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Con-pliffioners for the several Pariflies and Liberties aforesaid shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make their several and respective Awards in Writing for each of the said Pariflies and Liberties of and concerning the several Matters and Things directed to be done by them respectively in each of the said Pariflies and Liberties in pursuance of this Ad, in such manner, and to cause the fame to be enrolled within such time, and at such Place, as is fet forth and directed by the said recited Ad of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty j and also to cause the Copy of such Award for each of the said respective Pariflies and Liberties after the fame shall have been duly enrolied, to be fairly written on Parchment ; which Copy shall be deposited and kept in the Church Cbeft in each of the Churches of the said respective Pariflies, for the Ufc of the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements and Persons interested in the said intended Diviiion and Inclofure within the said respective Pariflies, to be referred to and inspected by them respectively from time to time, as Occafton may require.

Clll. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themfelvea aggrieved by any thing done

A.D.1813.	53° GEO. III.

in pursuance of thre or the said recited Alt, then and in such case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Qora-miffioners are by this Aft or the said recited Alt directed to be final or conelusive, and except in such cases where an I flue at Law may be tried as hereinbefore mentioned) he, she or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seffionsof the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Berks, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the Commif-fioner or Commissioners whose Determination (nail be appealed against, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Ten Days Notice Notice, oi such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof 5 and the Justices in their said Sefiions (not interested in the Premifes) are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Cofts as they may think reasonable, and to direct the levying the Coils that shall be so awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Diflrefs and Sale ; which Determination of the Justices Diftrtft. shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, Certiorari; into any of His Mnjcfty’a Courts of Record at lVeJlminJier> or dfe-where; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious and without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in manner aforesaid.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Provifo for Ma-fhall prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of any norial Right?* Person or Persons who are or shall respectively for the time being be Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the several and refpeltive Manors hereinbefore mentioned, or of, in or to any of the Seigniories, Rights of Free Warren and Free Chase, and all other Royalties, Fran-chifes, Liberties, Privileges, Rights and Services whatsoever, incident and belonging to such Manors or Lordships, or any of them ; but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being, shall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and have, hold, receive, take, exercise and enjoy all Courts, Perquifitea and Profits and Rights of Courts, and all Seigniories, Rights of Free Warren and Free Chase, and all other Rights, Royalties,

Services, Franchises, Liberties, Privileges and Appurtenances what* soever to such Manors or Lordfhips respectively incident or belonging or appertaining (other than those which a»c expressly varied, barred and destroyed by this Aft, and other than and except so far as respects any of the Lands hereby allotted or to be allotted or conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors) by virtue thereof, in as full, ample, extensive and beneficial a manner as they respectively could or might have held, exercised or enjoyed the fame, in case this Aft had not been made.

CV. Saving always to the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, his General Ssviflt* Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their refprftive Heirs,

Succeffors, Executors and Adminiftrators (other than am. except the Bight* and InterefU hereby expressly varied, barred, destroyed or ex-

3 E 4	tinguiihed).

C.158.	'791

yO.%. c.ij.

a6 G. 3. c. 86.

Owners of Ships not liable to wake good Damage occa-fioned without their Fault, further than Value ofVsirels, &c.

Value of Carriage of Goods, 4cc. con Oder ed as Freight.

0.158,159.	53#GEO.IIT.	A.D.1813.

tinguifhed), all such Estate, Right, Title, Intereft and Benefit, at they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Commons and Wade Lands so directed to be divided, allotted and Inclofed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Ad, or could or might have held and enjoyed in case this Ad had not been made*

CAP. CLIX.

An Ad to limit the Refponfibility of Ship Owners, in certain

Cafes.	[21 ft July 1813.]

*	\\J HE REAS it is of the utmost Confeqnence and Importance « V V to promote the Increafe of the Number of Ships and Veiek

*	belonging to the United Kingdom, registered according to Law,

*	and to prevent any Difcouragement to Merchants and others from 4 being interested therein : And whereas it is expedient to amend an 4 Ad made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ‘ King George the Second, intituled An A3 to fettle how far Owner* 1 of ShitsJhall be anftuerable for the Ads of the Majlers or Mariners ; 4 and alio another Ad made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign 1 of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to explain and amend an 4 A3 made in the Seventh Tear of His late Majefifs Reign9 intituled 4 An A3 to fettle how far Owners of Ships shall be anfwerahle for 4 the Ads of Majlers or Mariners9 andforgiving afurther ReKef so the 4 Owners of Ships ; and that other Provifions should be made in re-

*	fped thereofBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That no Person or Persons who is, are or shall be Owner or Owners, or Part Owner or Owners of any Ship or VefTel, shall be subject or liable to answer far or make good any Lofs or Damage arising or taking Place by readoo of any Ad, Negled, Matter or Thing done, omitted or occafkmed, without the Fault or Privity of such Owner or Owners, which may happen to any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Things laden or put on board the fame Ship or Veflel, after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or which after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirteen may happen to any other Ship or VefTel, or to any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Things, being in or on board of any other Ship or VefTel, further than the Value of his or their Ship or VefTel, and the Freight due or to grow due for and during the Voyage which may be in Profecution or contracted for at the time of the happening of such Lofs or Damage.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Value of the Carriage of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, belonging to the Owner or any of the Owners of such Ship or Veflel, and also the Hire due or to grow due under or by virtue of any Contrad whether made by or on the Behalf of His Majesty, or by or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, or any Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, except only such Hire as in the case of a Ship or Veflel hired for time, may not begin to be earned until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the happening of such Lofs or Damage, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be considered as Freight, within the latent and Meaning and for the Purpofts of this Ad, and also of the (akl

Ada

793

A.D.i8i3*	53d	GEO. III.	C.	159.

AAs of Parliament made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Gtorgc the Second, and in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That in case any such Lofs or Damage shall arise or happen by more than one separate and diftinA Accident, AA, NegleA or Default, or on more than one Occafton in the Courfe or Progrefs of a Voyage, or after the End of any Voyage, and before the Commencement of another Voyage, each and every such Lofs or Damage shall be paid, compenfatfcd and fatis-fied according to the Provifions of this AA, in such and the fame way, and to the fame Extent, as if no other Lofs or Damage had happened or arisen during the fame Voyage, or after the End of any Voyage and before the Commencement of another Voyage.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That nothing herein contained shall lessen or take away any Refponfibility to which any Matter or Mariner of any Ship or Veffel may now by Law be liable, not with (landing such Matter or Mariner may be an Owner or Part Owner of his Ship or Veffel.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enaAed, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Owner or Owners of any Ligliter, Barge, Boat or Veffel, of any Burthen or Defcription whatsoever, used solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation, or any Ship or Veffel not duly registered according to Law.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA contained shall extend to prevent any AAion or Suit being brought or instituted, or proceeded in, in any Court of competent JurifdiAion, by any Person or Persons who shall have suffered any Lofs or Damage within the Intent and Meaning of this AA against any Owner or Part Owner of any Ship or Veffel, notwithstanding any other Person or Persons may have suffered any Lofs or Damage by the fame Accident, AA, NegleA or Default, or on the fame Occafion; but that all such AAions and Suits shall and may be brought or instituted, and proceeded in, in such manner as the fame might have been brought or instituted, or been proceeded in, if this AA had not been made ; fubjeA nevertheless to such Order as any Court may think fit to make, to restrain Proceedings in such AAion or Suit, on special circumttances, as Juftice and Equity shall require.

VII.	Ana be it further enaAed, That if several Persons shall suffer any Lofs or Damage in or to their Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Ships or otherwise, by any means for which the Refponfibility of any Owner or Owners is limited by this AA as aforesaid, and the Value of the Ship or Veffel, with all her Appurtenances, and the Amount of the Freight estimated as herein is mentioned, shall not be sufficient to make full Compenfation to all and every the Person and Persons suffering such Lofs and Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons liable to make SatisfaAion for such Lofs or Damage, or any One or more of them, on Behalf of himself, herself or themselves, and the other Owner or Owners of the fame Ship or Veffel, to exhibit a Bill in any Court of Equity having competent JurifdiAion, against all the Persons who shall have brought any such AAion or AAions, Suit or Suits as aforesaid, and all other Persons who shall claim to be entitled to any Recompence for any Loft or Damage arising or happening by the fame separate and diftinA Accident, AA, NegleA or Default, or on the fame Occafion, to afeertain

Provifo for separate Lo!Te«.

Refponfibility of Mailer and Mariner*.

Owner* of Iigliters,fcr.

Action* may be brought for Damage by Persons fuffermg Lofs though others have fuf-tained Lott by fame Accident

Proceeding! in case Value of Ship,&c. sot sufficient to make Compen-fjiion for Damages.

Bill in Equity.

794

C. 159.

53“ GEO. m.

A.D.1813-

Affidavit annexed to Bill.

Defendants entitled in Proportions of Value of Ship, &c.

Money paid into Court for Security.

Bill dismissed, Proceedings.

the Amount of the Value of the Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, and for Payment or Dutribution thereof rateabiy amongst the several Persons claiming* Recompence as afore fa id, in Proportion to the Amount of the fevers1 Loffes or Damages sustained by fnch Persons io claiming fin Recompence as afore kid, according to the Rules of Equity, and as the caie may require ; Provided always, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Bill shall annex to such Bill an Affidavit that he, (he or they do not directly or indirectly collude with any of the Defendants thereto, or with any other Owner or Owners of the fame Ship or Veffel, or with any other Person or Perfooa, but that such Bill is filed for the Purpofes only of Juslice, and to obtain the Benefit of the Provifions of this Aft 5 and that the several Persons named as Defendants to the said Bill, are, as the Person or Persons making such Affidavit verily believes, all the Persons claiming to be entitled to Recompence for Lofs or Damage fuflamed by the fame Accident, Aft, Negleft or Default, or on the fame Occafion ; and that all such Defendants do claim such Recompence, and to be entitled to Proportions of the Value of such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight; and that no other Person claims to be entitled to any Proportion thereof under the Provifions of this Aft, and that the Amount of the Value of such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, does not exceed a Sum to be specified in such Affidavit, and that the several Claims made by the Defendants to such Bill, do exceed the Amount of the Value of such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Bill shall, on filing such Bill, apply to the Court and obtain an Order for Liberty to pay into Court the Accountf of the Value of such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, as ascertained by such Affidavit, and shall pay the fame into Court according to such Order; and no Defendant or Defendants to such Bill shall be compellable to put in any Anfwer thereto until such Value shall have been paid into Court as aforesaid, unless the Court shall for any special Caule think fit to order Security to be given for the fame, in such manner as the said Court shall think fit, either instead of Payment thereof into Court as aforesaid, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary 5 and unless such Money shall be paid into Court as aforesaid, or the said Court shall make such Order for Security as aforesaid, and such Security shall be given according to the said Order within One Month after such Bill mail have been filed, such Bill shall immediately after the Expiration of such Month Hand dismissed without any Motion for that Purpose; and the Court shall thereupon order the Payment of the Cofts of the said Suit to all the Defendants who shall then have appeared to such Bill; and in case such Security shall be given as aforesaid, and such Value shall afterwards be ordered to be paid into Court, and the fame shall not be so paid within the time to be limited by the Court, such Bill shall also stand dismissed without Motion for that Purpose, and the said Court shall also order Cofts to be paid to the Defendants as aforesaid; and in case any such Bill shall at any time be dismissed after any such Value shall have been paid into Court, or such Security

Sven as aforesaid, such Court shall direct the Money so paid into Durt, if any, to be paid to the several Claimants, Defendants to such Bill, who shall appear to the Court to be entitled to Proportions thereof, in such manner as to such Court shall appear to be just, and shall order any Security so to be given as aforesaid to be put in Sait,

and

795

AJD.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C. 159.

and the Money to be recovered thereupon to be paid into Court and didributed in like manner; and such Payments shall be without Prejudice to any A&ion or Suit which may be brought or indituted by any other Person or Persons, not Party or Parties to such Bill, for any such Lofs or Damage as aforesaid, although such Lofs or Damage shall have arisen or happened by the fame Accident, Att, Negle& or Default, or on the fame Occafion as the Loffes or Damages for which Recompence shall be claimed by the Parties Defendants to such Bill, and all such Payments as shall be made under the Order of the said Court shall be without Prejudice to the Recovery of the Cods in any Action or Suit which shall have been brought by any such Defendant or Defendants, unless such Cods shall be otherwise provided for by the (aid Court.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Court in which any such Bill shall be filed as aforesaid, that the Money paid into Court, or for which such Security shall be given as aforesaid, is not the true Amount of the Value of such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, the said Court shall order such further Sum of Money to be paid into Court, or such further Security to be given as to the said Court shall seem proper; and the said Court shall also at any time if the said Court shall fee fit, order Security to be given for the Cods of such Suit as to the said Court shall seem necelfary and jud ; and if such further Sum of Money shall not be paid, or such further or other Security shall not be given as aforesaid within the time to be limited by the said Court for that Purpofe ; such Bill shall dand dismissed without any Order for that Purpofe : and the said Court shall thereupon order the Payment of the Cods of such Suit to the several Defendants by the Plaintiffs, and give the proper Dire&ions for the Application of any Money paid into Court, or due on any Security given in such Suit to answer the Demands of the several Defendants in such Suit, as to such Court shall appear to be jud.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if after any such Suit shall have been iudituted the fame shall become abated or imperfect in the Whole or in Part, and the fame shall not be revived or made perfect within the time to be limited by the Court for that Puipose, such Suit and all Proceedings therein shall dand dismissed without any Motion for that Purpofe ; and the said Court shall order the Cods of such Suit to be paid to the Defendants thereto, or to the Repre-fentativesof any who shall be then dead; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Suit, or any of them, shall be then dead, such Cods as shall not be otherwise paid shall be a Charge on the Affets of such deceased Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and shall be recoverable as a Debt by Simple Contradl.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Court in which any such Bill shall be filed as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to take all such Meafures as to such Court shall seem jud for ascertaining the Value of the Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, the Amount of the Loffes or Damages claimed by the Defendants thereto respectively, and all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Purpofes of Judice in such Suit, ana for Payment and Didribution of the Value of such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, amongd the several Persons entitled thereto, and generally to do therein as (nailappear to be just; and the Cofts of

all

Payments with out Prejudice, A&ion,&c.

If true Amount of Value of Veflel, Sec. not paid. Court shall require further Payment, Sec.

In Abatement of Suits how Cofts paid.

Court to take Meafures for ascertaining Value of Veffels, Sec.

<^.

CofU taxed.

No new Bills filed but under certain circum-ftlMN.

Inter eft of Money paid into Court to belong to Parties entitled to Pxinci-paL

Any Bill filed by one Part Owner, equally binding on •there.

Any Court competent to aft as Court of Equity, deemed such for Purposes of Aft.

Money paid for Damage how accounted for.

C.159.	53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

all such Proceedings shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs m such Suit, unless such Court shall think fit other-wife to order.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Coft* to be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Suit in a Court of Equity as afore-faid shall be taxed and fettled as between Attorney and Client, if the Court shall think fit so to order.

XU.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any fnch Bill shall be filed, and shall afterwards be difmifTed by reason of any such Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein as hereinbefore pro-vided, or under any Order of the said Court for that Purpose, no oew Bill shall be filed by the fame Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his, her or their Representatives, or by any other Part Owner or Part Owners of the fame Ship or Veffel, unless the Court in which such Bill shall hare been filed shall order such Difmiffion to be without Prejudice to the filing of a new Bill, either absolutely or under such Conditions as to the laid Court shall seem just.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid into any such Court of Equity as aforesaid, in respect of the Valoe of any such Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances or Freight, all Interrft and Profit made thereof whilst such Money shall remain in Court shall be considered as belonging to the Parties in such Suit, who shall appear to be entitled to the Principal Money or Proportions thereof relpeftively, and shall be divided and distributed accordingly; and if Security shall be given for such Value, or any Part thereof, the fame shall bear Interect, and such Intereft shall be applied in like manner.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Bill shall be filed as aforesaid by any Part Owner or Part Owners *bf any Ship or Veffel, on behalf of himself, herself or themselves, and the other Put Owners, such Bill shall bind all such other Part Owners, and their Representatives, in the fame manner as they would have been bound if Parties Plaintiffs to such Bill; and if after the filing of any such Bill any of the Plaintiffs or other Part Owners shall die, the Right of Aftion against such Part Owners so dying, founded on any Tort or Wrong, shall not thereby be loft, but it shall be lawful to proceed against the respect ive Reprefentatives of the Part Owners so dying, in the fame manner as might have been if such Right of Aftion hid been founded on Contraft.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Suit for any such Lofi or Damage as aforesaid shall be instituted or depending in any Court competent to ad as a Court of Equity for the Purpofes of this Aft, such Court shall, and is hereby authorized and empowered to proceed in such Suit for such Purpofes', in the fame manner, and under the fame Regulations, and with the fame Powers as are herein given to Courts of Equity, so far as the fame are applicable to the nature of such Court, and the Forms of Proceedings therein, and such Court shall use all such means as a Court of Equity is by this Aft empowered to use for the Purpofes of this Aft.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Sum sod Sums of Money which shall be paid for or towards or on account of any Lofs or Damage, in respect whereof the Refponfibility of the Owners of any Ship or Veffel is limited by this Aft, or by the (aid Aft» or either of them, or any Cofts incurred in relation thereto, shall and may be brought into Account among the Part Owners ofthe to*

Ship

797

A.D.i8i3«	53°GEO.III. C. 159,160, \6u

Ship or Veflel in such and the like manner as Mbney diiburfed for the Ufe tlrereof.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Judices and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being Specially pleaded.

CAP. CLX.

An A& to relieve Persons who impugn the Do&rine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties.	[21 ft July 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS, in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty 19 0.3. 0.44.

* # VV an Ad was passed, intituled An A3 for the further Relief

*	of Protejlant Dijfenting Miniflers and Schoolmajlen ; and it is ex-4 pedient to enafct as hereinafter providedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so 1 W. & M. much of an Ad passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William Seli. 1. c. 18. and Queen Maryintituled An A3 for exempting His Majejly's Pro* $ *7- repeal**. tejlant Subjeds dijfenting from the Church of England, from the Pc*

nalties of certain Laws, as provides that that Ad or any thing therein contained should not extend or be construed to extend to give any Eafe, Benefit or Advantage to Persons denying the Trinity as therein mentioned, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Proviflons of another Ad 9 * to W.3. passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William, Ct 3** “J P»rt intituled An Ad for the more effitBual fupprejfng Blafphemy and Pro* rePe"e<** fanenefsy so far as the fame relate to Persons denying as therein mentioned, respecting the Holy Trinity, be and the fame are hereby repealed.

€ III. And whereas it is expedient to repeal an Ad, passed in the Ads passed in

*	Parliament of Scotland in the First Parliament of King Charles the 5j°!I?nd agail,ft 4 Second, intituled An A3 again/l the Crime of Blafphemy ; and an- em* Tt~

4 other Ad, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the First Parlia-

*	ment of King William, intituled An A3 against Blafphemy; which ‘ Ads respectively ordain the Punifhment of Death Be it therefore enacted, That the said Ads and each of them shall be, and the fame are and is hereby repealed.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CLXI.

An Ad for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Five Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.	[22d July	1813.]

“ TREASURY to cause Exchequer Bills for 5,ooo,oool. to be €i made out in manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1,2. Exchequer ^ 44 Bills chargeable on the First Supplies. } 3. Exchequer Bills to 94 bear an Intereft not exceeding 3 \d. per Cent, per Diem. § 4. Ex-44 chequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after

44 April

79*

. C. 161, 162*

5* G.3. c.44.

§47.

repealed. *

Felony, Grand and Petit Larceny.

Poniflimcnt.

J3’ GEO* III*	A*0.1813.

“ April 5 9 1814. §<• Bank may advance 5,000,cbol. on the Credit u ot Ad, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.—J 6.	200,cx>qL

ft out of the Supplies granted for Ireland. § 7.

CAP. CLXII.

An Ad to repeal a certain Provifion respecting Persons con-vifted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, contained in an Ad made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Eredion of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Persons convicted within the City of London and County of MiddlefeX) and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[22d	July	1813.]

f YT7HEREAS it is necessary that so much of a certain Ad,

*	W made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present ‘ Majesty King George the Third, intituled An A3 for the EreSton

*	of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted ‘ within the City ©/‘London and County of Middlesex ; and for making € Compenfation to Jeremy Bentham Efquire> for the Non-performance

*	of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and the Loris

*	Commiffioners of His Majesty* s Treasury* respecting the Cuftody and ‘ Maintenance of Convids9 as enads, That in all cases where any 9 Court or Courts shall think fit to sentence any Person or Persons,

*	convided before such Court or Courts of Felony without Benefit of

*	Clergy, to Imprifonment as or for the Punifhment, or Part of the

*	Punifhment for such Offence, such Court or Courts may, if they shall € think * fit so to do, moreover direct that the Person or Persons fo

*	convided shall during such Imprifonment be kept to Hard Labour,

*	fhould be repealed, and that other Provifions m lieu thereof fhonld

*	be made in respect to the Sentences of Persons convicted before

*	fuch Court or Courts of Felony with Benefit of Clergy :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, and by and with the Advice and Confect of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliatnent assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said Ad as enads, * That in all cases where any Court or Courts shall think fit to sentence any Person or Persons, convicted before such Court or Courts, of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, to Imprifonment as or for the Puniftiment, or Part of the Punifhment for such Offence, such Court or Courts may, if they shall think fit so to do, moreover direct that the Person or Persons so convicted shall during such Imprifonment be kept to Hard Labour/ shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Court to pah upon any Person, who shall be lawfully convicted before any uich Court or Felony, with Benefit of Clergy, or of any Grand Larceny or of any Petit Larceny, the Sentence of Imprifonment to Hard Labour, either limply and alone, or in addition to any other Sentence which such Court may or shall be authorized by Law topafs upon any Perfect lawfully convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, as to such Court shall seem fit; and such rerfon shall thereupon suffer such other Sen* tence, and be moreover imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, or be limply imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, in such Place and for such time as such Court shall think fit to direct, not exceeding the time for which such Courts may now imprison for such Offences.

LOCAL

A.D.1813

S3°GE0.m.

M •	••

C.i. u.

799

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B.—The Continuance of such of the following A&s as are temporary will he known (where it is not expressly jhited) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a)	For 21 Years, &c. £i. e. to the End of the next SeJJion~\ from a Day named in the Ad.

(b)	For 21 Tears, &c. from the pajfing of the Ad*

(c)	For 21 Years % &c. after the End of the Term under former Ads.

All Ads in this Lifi, not dtflinguifhed by the Letters ( q. P.) are Public Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed “ and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken “ Notice of as such by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without " being specially pleaded.”

(q. PA Quad Public Afta, i. e. Ads to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be printed *• by the several Printers to the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, “ duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, u and a Copy thereof Co printed by any of them, shall be ad-" mitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Judices and others,”

Cap. i.

An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present 370.3.	6	.

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poft near Sudden Bridge, in the rarifh of Rochdale, to Bury% and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (b)	[23d March	1813.]

[Afrw Truflees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. ii.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, Sl Q c ^.. for repairing Roads leading to and from Tiverton, m the County of ’ v,w Devon, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith.

[23d March 1813.]

[For full Term of former Ad vnetpired']

Cdp.

too

C. iii—x.

AJ).iIt3.

ilG.$. c.93. 31 G. 3. c. 117.

33 G. 3- c.I43-

*7 G $. c.6S.

if G.3. *• 77. 19 0.3. c.110.

41G. 3. c xJviu.

37G.3.C.147.

10 G.3. c.67. 39 G.j. c.xi»

53° GEO. in.

Cap. iii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His pre-fent Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate in the Parifh of Duns ford, to Ckerrybrook in the Foreft of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon. (e)	[23d	March	1813.J

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. iv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefect Majesty, for repairing the Road from Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, to Rockingham, in the said County, (r)

[23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceaje, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. v.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Power# of an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Maij-more, in the County of Gloucester.	[23d March 1813	}

Cap. vi.

An Ad for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of JVolvey, in the County of Warwick. (£)	C23^	March	1813.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. vii.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the County of Glamorgan, so far as they relate to the Roads comprized in the Llantriffent Dif-trid. (a)	[23d	March	1813.]

[Additional Trujlees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. viii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Provifions of an Ad of Hit present Majesty, for improving the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr.	[23d March	1813.]

[Tolls or Pontage Duties to cease, new Tolls or Pontage Duties granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to North Walsham, in the County of Norfolk. (a)	[23d	March	1813.]

[Former Tolls to ceaje, new Tolls granted

Cap. x.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Swsdfbam, and from Honingham to Taxham, in the County of Norfolk, and also a Lane called Hangman’s Lane, near the Gates of the (aid City, (b)	[23d	March	1815.J

A.D.i8i3«

530 GEO. III.

C. xi—Xviii.

801

Cap. xi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 6 0.3, ^ present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from 33 U. 3, c'* Bawtry, in the County of Fork, to East Markham Common, in	3	'

the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge, in th? said County of Nottingham. (3)

[23d March 1813.]

[Additional Truflces. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 5Q present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dun- 31 ham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in	*

the County of Nottingham, (b)	[23d	March 1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xiii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 3a q. 3, Powers of an Aft made in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark to the Town of Hamilton, m the County of Lanark, (b)

[23d March 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xiv.

An Aft for indoiing Lands in the Parifh of Gei/l, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[23d	March 1813 ]

Cap. xv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of Fawley, in the County of Southampton. (q. P.)	[23d March	1813.]

Cap. xri.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Witham on the Hillt with Manthorpe% Toft and Lound% in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.)	[23d	March	1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 18,19, 20, 21. 33.

Cap. xvii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of AJkham Richard, in the County of the City of Tork. (q. P.)	[23d	March	1813.]

Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 17.

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of Haburgh in the County ofLincoln, (q. P.)	[23d	March	1813.]

53 Gio. III.	3	F	Cap.

L.

C. xix—xxr.

53* geo. nr.

A.D.1813-

8ot

Cfl/. xix.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, to unite the Rivera Wey and Atun> in the Counties of Surry and Sujtrx.

[ift April 1813.}

[“ Tbe Company of Proprietors of the Wey and Arun JunQion CanaTr incorporated

Cap, xx,

49 G.3. c. cxcii. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefect Majesty, for supplying with Water the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaflerv	[ift ^ri/	1813.]

Cap. xxi.

17	G. 3. c. 5. An Ad for altering and amending Two Ads of the Seventeenth

41 G.3. c.xxvni. amj porty second Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Work-houte for the said Parifh.	[ift	April	1813.]

Cap, xxii.

An Ad for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle, to Heath• field, and from RobertJbrtdge% to Hoods Corner, all in the County of Suffix, (6)	[ift	April 1813.3

[Double Tolls in certain cases between 29/6 Sep. and 2$tb March, Double Tolls on Sunday,'}

Cap. xxiii.

xi G.3. c.88. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His

33	3*	c.	176.	prefent	Majefty,	for	repairing the Roads from Market Harlorough

to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leiceflcr, (3)

[ift April 1813.3 [Additional Trvjlees. Former Tolls repealednew Tolls granted,}

Cap. xxiv.

336.3.0.126. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Pa-rifhes of Toxford, Saxmundham and Benhally in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgb9 in the said County, (c)

[ift April 1813.3

[Additional Trujlees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Half Tolls payable on Back Carriage from Aldeburgh

Cap. xxv.

32G.3. c.235. An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the County of Torky through Barnard Castle and Btfhop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham. (a)	[ift	April 1813.]

[A^lrw Trujlees, Former Tolls to seafcy new Tolls granted.}

A.D.i8ig.

.530GEO.lII.	C. xxvi—xxxhk	803

Cap. xxvi.	•

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad, of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, .for 44 g. 3. c.xvi repairing the Roads leading from Taviflock to Old Town Gate, in the jSorough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon (b)

[ill April 1813.]

[.Additional Trujlees.	Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted•

Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap. xxvii.

An A A for continuing and amending Five Ads passed for repairing several Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and other Places, in the County of Hertford, (a) [ill April 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xxviii.

An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, of certain Edates in the County of Hereford, (q. P.)	[ift	Jlpril 1813.]

11 G. f. c.it.

6 G. 2 c. 15.

6.2. c.

1 2 G. 3. c. 84. 39 G. 3. c.xix*

Cap. xxix.

An Ad for ioclofing Lands in the Manor and Townlhip of Bug-lawton, in the County of Chester. (q. P.) [id April 1813.]

Cap. xxx.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Rollefby, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[ill	April	1813.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Melksham, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[ill April 1813.]

Cap. xxxii.

An A61 to amend an Ad of the lad Seflion of Parliament for 5a G. 3 c.cwrv. making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Jundion Canal, in the Parilh of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parilh of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Parilh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Mid diefex.

[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money * for the Improvement See 28g 3.C.5S. of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith cooneded. 3^0.3. c.xix.

[icth April 1813-] 39G 3. c.xliv.

u J r'	45 G. 3 c. xxxii.

47 G. 3. Sell*. 2.

[80,00c/. Sterling. ]

•	K+	Ult

Cap. xxxiv.

An Ad for explaining and amending an Ad of His present Majesty, g.j. c.cxcv* for conllruding a Harbour at Portbleven in Mount’s Bay, in the County of Cornwall.	[ijth April 1813.]

3 F z	Cap.

C. xxxv—xlii.

53 GEO. III.

A.D.i8i3*

804

Cap. xxxv.

An Aft for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool, in the County of Durham.	[15th April	1813.J

Cap, xxxvi.

46 G. 3. c. cxi*. An Aft to authorize the Company of Proprietor* of the West 50G.3.c.cxxxii. Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money, for enabling them more effectually to carry on their Work*.

[15th April 1813.]

[£160,000.]

Cap. xxxvii.

ao G. e. 66. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of Hi* present Ma-jetty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Pariih of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and other Purpofes ; and for better collecting the Poor Rates in the said Hamlet. [15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxviii.

6 G. 3. c.45. in An Aft for more effectually paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and tJrepe>led* regulating certain Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane, in the Pariih 29 *3*c. 75.	of Saint George Hanover Square,	in the County of Middlesex;

and also the several Square*, Streets, Lanes and other public Paffages and Place* within the said Pariih; and for altering and enlarging the Power* of an Aft of the Twenty ninth Year of Hi* present Majesty, relative to the above Purposes, and to the Poor of the said Pariih.	[15	th	April 1813 ]

Cap. xxxix.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) An Aft for amending an Aft passed in the Forty first Year of His c *rii.	prefent	Majefty, respecting the High Road* in the County of

Selkirk.	[15th	April	1813	]

Cap. xl.

3* G. 3. C.X13. An Aft for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in repealed.	Repair,	the	Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike

Road called The Coal Road, near Wejl Auckland»in the County of Durham, to the Elf don Turnpike Road, at or near Elifhawy in the County of Northumberland. (<z)	[15th	April	1813	]

[Double Tolls in certain cases between I ft November and ift May.]

18 G. 2.c. *3.

3 G. 3. c. 30. 33 G- 3-c. xj6. repealed as to Roads in Title to this A&.

3a G.3. c.i;3*

Cap. xli.

An Aft for more effectually repairing the Road from the Horffboe Cornery in Godmanche/ler, in the County of Huntingdon, to the South East End of Cajlle Street, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge. (a)	[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burfardy in th*

County

C. xlii—xlix.

805

A.D. 1813.	530 GEO. III.

County of Oxford, to Leacblade, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from thence through High worth to the Cricklade arid Swindon Turnpike Road, in the County of Wilts, (r)

[15th April 1813.]

[.Additional Truflees ]

Cap. xliii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His	^

present Majesty, tor repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge 3* G. 3.^,3!. Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parilh of Weferham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry, (r)	[[	15th	April 1813.]

[Additional Truflees. Injlead of Tolls granted by former Ads, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday,2

Cap. xliv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His pre- 3t G. 3. Ct I3j. sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Ox-ford.{e)	[15th	April 1813.]

Cap, xlv.

An Ad for (hutting up a Road and Footpath, leading from Cajlleford to Ferrybridge, in the County of Tort.	[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Ad to continue the Term and alter the Powers of several Ads 34 q

of the Thirty fourth. Thirty seventh and Forty fifth Years of 37 0. 3.’ £ 16& His Majefty's Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties 45G.3.V*vi. of Clackmannan and Perth, (a)	[15th	April 1813.3

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted^

Cap, xlvii.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His present 100.3.«. 64. Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to 3* G. 3. c. x 13. Brighthelmjlone, in the County of Suffix. (b) fijth April 1813.3 [Additional Trujlees. ]

Cap. xlviii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four several Ads, 3*0. a. 0.63. pa fled in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ofif’cxoe. King George the Second, and in the First, Eighteenth and Thirty 37 G.3, c.x59. seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Wakefeld to Sheffield, and for diverting a Part of the laid Road. (b)	f	15th	April 1813.3

[Additional Truflees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted*

Extra Tolls on Sunday in certain cases. 3

Cap, xlix.

An Ad for enabling the Prebendary of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Sef45G.3* c.cx* Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease, with Powers

•3 F 3	of

806

S«e 47 G.3. &«(T. %. c.lviik

C. xlix—lvili.'	5 y GEO. Ttl. A J) .1813.

of Renewal, of the Prebendal Land* of Rentijb Town, in the County of .  Middlesex. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.3

Cap. 1.

An Aft for veiling Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chejlerjield, in Trustees, in Truft to be fold; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale*, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame (Jfes. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.]

Cap. li.

An Aft for vesting certain Eftates of the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, at glvsden otherwise Elden, and BardwelU irr the County of Suffolk, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Augujlus Vilcount Keppel, in Trustees, upon Truft to fell the fame ; and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of Eftates contiguous to the Family Eftates of the said Earl in the County of Norfolk, to be fettled to the subsisting Ufes of the said Will of the said Augujlus Vifcouut Keppel. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.]

Cap. lii.

An Aft for vesting certain Eftates belonging to the See of Tork> in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold. (q. P.)	[15th	April 18x3.]

Cap. liii,

‘ An Aft for vesting certain detached Settled Eftates of Sir John ' Chandos Reade Baronet, in Trustees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes, (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.]

* *	Cap. liv.

*• An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilhof Stonleigh, in the County . 6f Warwick, (q. P.)	[15th April 1813.J

Cap. lv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of AJhley, in the County of Stafford. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813 ^

Cap. lvi.

An Aft for incloling Lands in Eecbin/well, in the County of Southampton, (q. P.)	Q 15th April 1813.]

Cap. Ivii

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Stow Bed on, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[15th	April	1813.]

Cap. Iviii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Laughton» in the County of Sussex. (q. P.)	[15th	April	181J.J

Cap.

L.

A.D.i8i^

53° GEO. in.

C. lix—lxvh	$07

Cap. lix.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of Hardingbam, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	^	15th	April	1813.]

Cap. lx.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in IVraxalU Nailfea and Bourton, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.)	[15th	April	1813.]

Cap. lxi.

An Aft. for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Skelton in Cleveland\ in the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[15th	April	18x3.]

Cap. lxii.

An Aft for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets and other Public Paflages and Places which are or shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majesty, in the several Pariftie* of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefexy called Mary le bone Park.	£ift	May	1813.3

Cap. lxiii.

An Aft for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several 26 G. 2. c.90. Afts for making and repairing certain Road* leading into the City *7 G. a. c. 17. °f Glafgowy so far as they relate to that Part of the Road from the l* ^*3 City of Glafgout to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads from repealed'as'to* Toker Bridge to the Town of Dumbarton, {b)	[ 1 It May 1813.] Road fromYoker

Bridge to Dum-

Cap. Ixiv.	^tou.

An Aft to continue the Term, and to continue, enlarge and amend ^ 0.3. c 102. the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for amending, 35 G. 3. c. 143. widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Ludlowfacb to the Town of Llandovery ; and from thence to the River Amman9 in the County pf Carmarthen, and several other Roads in the fame County, communicating therewith; -and for making several new Branches, of Road to communicate with the said Roads. (b)	[ift May	1813.]

[Additional Tru/lees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. lxv.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Carriage Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parifh of Cullompton, to Ha%el Stone in the Parifh of Broad Clifty in the County of Devon. (b) £ift May 1813.]

[Extra Tolls on Sunday, in certain cases.]

Cap. Ixvi.

An Aft -for exchanging Part of the fettled Eftates of the Righfc Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England, for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countefs o^

Loudoun, his Wife,fituate in Scotland. (q.P.) [ift May 1813.]

3 F 4	Cap.

8o8

C. Ixvii—lxxiv.

5 3” GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

40 G.J. (1.) c 10a

Cap. Ixvii*

An Aft for inclosing Lands in Long Afhton% in the County of Somerset. (q.P*)	[ift	May	1813.]

Cap lxviii.

An A ft for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Rampijbam in the Parifhes of Rampijbam and Wejl Cbelborougby in tne County of Dorset. (q.P.)	[id May	1813-]

« Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 20.

[Note, the Evidence Claufe to this A9 differs in the following refpeBs ; viz. “ And it is lastly enafted” injlead of ct And be it further enafted” and leaving out the Words M by any of them.”]

Cap. lxix.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townlhip of Flint9 in the County of Flint. (q.P.)	[ift May	1813.]

" Allotment to His Majesty, § 26. 48.

Cap. lxx.

An Aft for reviving, amending and making perpetual, an A ft palled in the Parliament of Jrelandy in the Fortieth Year of the Keign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Corky and the Liberties thereof; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned. [21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Aft for regulating Covent Garden Market.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. Ixxii.

5a G. 3. c.cxlix. An A A for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty for widening and improving Upper East Smitbjuldt in the Parilh of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[21ft May 1813.] [For Ref due of Term under former ABj\

6 Ann. Vol. iu. P- 758.

jiG.a. c 59. a6 G.3. c.19.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Aft for altering and amending Three Afts of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne9 the Thirty second Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Workhoufe ia the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon9 and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for enabling William Ogilvie Esquire, to purchase Lands for opening sufficient Roads to and Communications with the Harbour • of Ardglass, in the County of Down.	[21ft May	1813.]

Cap.

AJD.i8i3-

53° GEO. III.

C.lxxv-—lxxviii.

809

Cap, Ixxt.	t

An Aft for amending an Aft of the Tenth Year of His present 10 G. 3. c. 105. Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, 30 G. 3. c.73. and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parifhes of Old and New MonJtland, to the City of Glasgow, [21ft May 1813.]

Cap, Ixxvi.

An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Twenty a;G.3. c.65. seventh Year of His present Majesty, for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, and for eftablifiiing a Fund for a Provifion to the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation and their Clerk.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap, lxxvii.

An Aft for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol, and other Buildings, See 48 G. 3. for the County and City of Edinburgh.	[21ft May 1813.] *■ x*6.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Aft for making an equal County Rate for the County of Oxford.	[21ft May 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS the Afiefiments by which the County Rates are

*	VV collected in the County of Oxford, are become very difpro-4 portionate and unequal, and it is therefore expedient that Power 4 and Authority should be given to the Jufticcs of the Peace for the 9 said County of Oxford, in their General or Quarter Seffions

*	aisembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that

*	Purpofe to assess and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and 9 every the Paristies, Towns, Liberties, Precinft s, Villages, Hamlets € and Places within the said County, heretofore subject and liable to 4 the Authority and Jurifdiftion of the said Justices as to the aflefiing 4 or levying of the County Rates, according to the annual Rent or 4 Value of Eftates therein, for and towards the fameMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, the Justices of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, in their General Pe4C«in Seffions or Quarter Seflions afiembled, or at auy Adjournment or Adjourn- a<ref* ments thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are ** hereby required from time to time, to assess and tax to the County Rates every Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinst, Village, Hamlet and Place within the said County, heretofore subject and liable to the	:

Authority and Jurifdiftion of the said Justices as to the aflefiing or levying of the County Rates, rateably and in equal Proportions, according^to the Annual Rent or Value of Eftates within each Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinst, Village, Hamlet and Place respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That at the next General Quarter Rental of Seflions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of County dtlirerel

Oxford

8io

C. Ixxviii.

to Quarter Sef-fient

Churchwardens and Oveifeer* not making Returns.

penalty.

Warrant*

12 O. 2. C. 29*

Par idles may be affefled, although no Return made.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.	ifoj.

Oxford after the passing of this Ad, or at the next fubfequwt General Quarter Seilions, and from time to time daring the Execution of this Ad, when required by the Juft ices assembled it any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the fame County, or by the Clerk of the Peace acting under their Authority, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several and refprCtirp Parifhes, Towns, Liberties, Precinds, Villages, Hamlets andPlaces within the said County, shall and they are hereby required to tnake a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Selfion assembled (which Return shall be verified upon Oath in open Court, at the tune of delivering in the fame, by the Perlon or Persons fa delivering in the fame), of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the several Eftates and rateable Property within the Paristi, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place to which they fell respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poors Rate of andia such Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place, at the time of making such Return, or liable so to be; and the Mode adopted of making such Rate, whether it be to the full Value or in what Proportion thereof, shall be stated and pointed out ia Writing upon such Return, and verified as aforesaid by such Churchwardeni and Overseers, in order that the said Justices may be enabled to discover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Eftates within such several Pariihes, Towns, Liberties, Precind*, ViBagtf, Hamlets or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden or Overfecr of the Poor of any of the several Pariihes, Towns, Liberties, Precinds, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the (aid County, shall neglect or make Default in making any such Return in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case each and every such Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor so ncgleding or making Default (without sufficient Excuse, to be allowed by the (aid Justices in their said General or Quarter Session) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as dull or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices, in their General

Suarter Seffions assembled, by way of Penalty for such Negled or efault; and in case any such Penalty (hail not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, in such SeSow assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant, signed by the Juftice adtng as Chairman of the Justices at such Sdhoa, to the High Constable of the Divifion where such Paristi, Torn, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place shall be situated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor of the Paristi, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place so negie&ing or making Default, in like manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is, bf m Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His btt Majesty King George the Second, intituled Am A8 for the moreajj ajfejfmg, coUeBing and levying County Rates, veiled with for levyio? on die Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum a&fed for the County Rate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwarden*, or Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor, shall neglect or make Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid; or

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III..

C.brxviii.

tfn

if it shall happen that notwithstanding the incurring of any such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglcft or Default, a Return for any Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinst, Village, Hamlet or Place, shall not be made within the time before limited for the making thereof 5 then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices and they are hereby required, either at the said Quarter Seflions or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter Seffions to be held for the said Gounty, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rate and anefs each and every the Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precinst, Hamlet or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, fir and towards the said County Rate, according to such Eftimate of the juit and fair annual Rent or Value of the Eftates within such Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinst,

Village, Hamlet or Place, or Parifhes, Town ships, Liberties, Pre-cinfts, Villages, Hamlets or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other means than the Returns which are by this Aft required to be made as aforesaid, and to ord.r such Allowance and Compenfation to be made to the Conftables and other Persons within the several Diftrifts and Divifions in the said County, for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting and levying the fame, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper; and all such Allowances, Compenrations, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, in their General or Quarter Seilions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof assembled, charged upon the Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precinst, Hamlet or Place of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid, in Addition to the Proportion of the said County Ratf to be paid by such Parifh,

Town, Liberty, Precinst, Village, Hamlet or Place 5 and such Allowances, Compenfations and Expences shall and may be raised, levied and collected by such and the like ways and means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied and collested, and shall be paid therewith.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in any Parifh, Township, Parifoes may be Liberty, Precinst, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place	*hereno

in the said County of Oxford, where no Rate is or shall be made cow*#tlat#* and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Seffions afTembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from time to time be afTeffed as or for the County Rate upon such Parifh, Township, Liberty,

Precinst, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupier's of Lands and Tenements therein, by such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, in such and the fame manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied 5 which Sum, so rated and levied, shall be paid by such one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Conflable of the Hundred or Divifion wherein such Parifh, Township, Liberty, Precinst, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Thirty Days after

Demand

C. Ixxvin.

8U

53^ GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the laid Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Seflions direH; and in case such one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall negleH or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assessed as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Constable Dlftrefs.	fhall and is hereby empowered to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels of such one or more Inhabitant or Inha* bitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, so refusing or negleHing to pay the fame as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford* rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Money assessed and the Charges of the Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the fame shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she or they may afterwards rate and levy the fame, or shall and may be allowed and re-imburfed the said Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within such Parifh, Township, Liberty, PrecinH, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direH; and shall be fubjeH and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, by Diftrefs md Sale in cases of Nonpayment, as are hereinbefore given to the Chief Constable.

In what case VI. And be it further enaHed, That the said Justices of the Rental of whole Peace, or any Three or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace for County reviled, the said County ailing under their Authority, shall and may and corrected and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from time afeenam .	tjme> whenever the fame may be, in the Judgment of such Justices,

ncceffary for the better Execution of this AH, to cause any of the Books of Affeffment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the * fame relate, or refer to, or in any wife concern the Statement of Property to be fet forth and dated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an AH pafied in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 46G.J. c.65. Majesty, intituled An A8 for granting to Hit Majesty, during tie present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arising from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices* and for repealing an A8 paffied in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices, and to conjolidate and render more effieSual the Provifions for code ding the said Duties, and the Rental or Valuation by which such AffefTments are made, mentioned and described within any Parifh or Place within the said County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies or ExtraHs of and from such Books or any Part or Parts thereof, or to order and direH any Person to take fuen Copies or ExtraHs from such Books in the Hands of the Clerk to the CommifRoners or ColleHor, without having the fame brought before the Justices as

aforefaid

C. lxxviii.

813

A.D.1813.	53=	GEO.	pi.

aforesaid, as they, he or any of them shall think fit; such Com-penfation being made to the Parties producing the fame respectively, as the said Judices, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable; and if any Person or Persons in whose Cuftody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices or the said Clerk of the Peace with such Book or Books, or to permit any such Copies or Extrads thereof as afore-faid to be taken as aforesaid, then and in every such case every Person who shall so refuse or negleet, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit penalty, and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

Person or Persons so making Default, together with the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Juftice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties, respectively on whose Goods and Chattels such Diftrefs and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid ; and the fame Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the said County, or of such Divifion thereof in which such Offence shall arise, to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Church- Appeal warden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor of any Paristi, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place in the

said County, shall at any time or times have reason to believe that such Paristi, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place is aggrieved by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Ad, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sefiions again ft such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precind,

Village, Hamlet or Place in which such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overseers, shall serve such Offices refpedivcly 5 and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally' determine the fame, and either to confirm such Rate, or to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Difcretion shall appear fair, just and equitable:

Provided neverthelese, that upon such Appeal no such Rate shall be ProviT*. quashed or destroyed, in regard to any other Paristi, Town,

Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place, or Person or Persons afTeffed thereby; any thing in this Ad, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in case of any Appeals, Expenceiof

Adions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Parifti and Paristi,	Toea?

or betwixt any Person and Persons, or any Parifti or Paristies, or any . c,IW>eAi* Person or Persons refpedingany thing done in pursuance of this Ad

or any other Ad or Ads relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Adions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, mall be borne and paid by such respective Parifties and Persons, or such of them and in such Proportions, as the said Justices, upon any Appeal, in their General or Quarter Sefiions, shall award and order the fame, or as such Courts wherein such Adions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or paid out of the County Rate.

IX.	And

boogie

ft'4

Former A&s ex-temietl to Alt

XI 0.1. c.29.

I j G. %. c. 18.

Expence* of

Ad.

Limitation of Alt ions.

General I flue.

C.Ux?iii.	53* GEO. HI.	AJ)'i8ij<

IX.	And be it further enacted and declared. That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provifions and Authorities contained in the said Statute made in the Twelfth Year of ^be Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Ad for tht more easy cjfjfingy colleding and levying County Rates; and also so much of another Statute made m the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hh said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS to continue several Ads therein mentioned, for punishing fueh Persons as shall wilfully and malicioujly pull down or defray Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks or other IVarks ended ly Authority of Parliament ; for making Rivers navigable ; for preventing ExsSiuu of the Occupiers of Locks and IVeirs upon the River of Thames Wtflwardy and for afcerlaining the Rates of Water Carriige ipctthe

said River ; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrejls ; and for better securing the lawful Trade of His Majcjly's Subjeds to and from the East Indies, and for the more ejfcdual preventing all His Majefifi Subjeds trading thither under Foreign Commijfions ; and for iimititg the time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Juflices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of afjyitg fur the fame ; for the better and more speedy Execution of Proem within particular Franchifes or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Juflices of the Peace of Counties touch*** County Rates, to the Juflices of the Peace of such Liberties atJ Franchifes as have Commijfions of the Peace within thmfelw, u relates to County Rates (fave and except such Parts thereof respectively as are hereby varied, altered or repealed), shall be good, valid and effectual for^ the Purpofcs of afleffiog, levying, collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Rate or Rates hereafter to be made in pursuance of this Ad, and for carrying this Aft into Execution.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said County of Oxford shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to obey any Order or Orders that shall hereafter be made by the Justices of the said County at any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, for the Payment of the Cols Charges and Expences occasioned by the applying for and paffingtbu Ad, and also the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the collecting of the said Returns of the said Church* wardens, Overseers or other Persons, and the making and arrangiug of the Rate to be made in pursuance of this Ad.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted againil uy Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or ia pursuance of this Ad, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Caufe of fucii Adion shall have anfeo; and every such Adion shall be brought and laid in the County of Oxford, and not elfewhene ; and the Defendant or Defendants u every such Adion or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her or their Eledion, specially or the General Ifiue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, aod that the fame was done in purfuaoce or by the Authority of this Aft}

, and if upon the Trial of such Adion or Suit it shall appear to hue been so done, or that such Adion or Suit shall have been brought after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforeskid, or be

1 x	*	brought

C. lxxviii—kxxir.

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.

brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said cases the Jury shall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all cases where a Verdid shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Adion or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Cofts, and have the like Remedy Double Coft* for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cofts of Suit in any other cases by Law.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed Public Ad. and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxix.

An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of Two 49^;3 C- clrxxm. several Ads passed in the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of His	c.csUr.

present Majesty, relating to the Execution of the Commiffion of Sewers for the Limits extending from Eafl Mouldfey in Surry, to Ravcnjbortte in Kent.	[21ft	May	18J3.]

tjUy. ISaai	j j G * c

An Ad for uniting the Interefts and Concerns of the Proprietors of 17 g. 3. c. 67. the Chefer Canal and Ellefmere Canal; and for amending the 180.3.0.21. several Ads of His present Majesty, relating to the said Canals. 33 G. 3. 0.91.

[21 d May 1813.] 36G-3.cc.71.

[“ Tie United Company of Proprietors of the Ellefmere and Chester 41 g. 3 (U.K.)

Canals99 incorporated.]	c.lxx.

42 G. 3. c.xx. 44 G. 3. c.liv. 50 G. 3. c. ixiv.

CapAxx\\.

An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of King George the 14 g. a. c. 24. Second, and an Ad of His present Majesty, for Draining Lands in 37 G.3. c. £8. Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An A d for more effectually paving, lighting, watching and improving *7 0-3* c. 4S* the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent.	[21ft	May 1813.J 39 G. 3. cJh ^

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Ad for paving, cleanfing* lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Streets aad other public Paffage3 and Places ia Kidderminjler, in the County of Worcester. [21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Ad for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackmail, in the County of Aliddlesex; and for the - better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap.

C.lxxxv—Ixzxvii.	530 GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Aft for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parilh of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An A ft for building a Chapel of Eafe for the Parilh of Clapham* in the County of Surry.	[21ft May 1813.]

Cap lxxxvii.

An Aft to amend an Aft, passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry.	[21ft May 1813.]

51G.3. c.dxv. « YT^HEREAS by an Aft, passed in the Fifty first Year of the * VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for treSingn 4 Bridge over the River Thames, from or near the Three Cranes, n the ‘ Part/hes of Saint James Garlick Hy the, and Saint Martin Vintry, is 4 the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the said River, iu the 4 Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry, and for making § 59•	" proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith, it is, among#

4 other things, enacted, that nothing in the said Aft contained ibould 4 extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize and empower the 4 Company of Proprietors, incorporated for the Purpofes of the fiud 4 Aft, to take any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Premises, 4 for the Purpofes of the said Aft, or to proceed with the Works 4 therein authorized to be made, until a sufficient Number of Sub-4 fcribers should have been obtained who would undertake to raise the 4 Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, such Subfcription to be 4 obtained within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the 4 palling of the said Aft, to be proved to the Satisfaftion of the 4 Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London* 4 or to the Judices of the Peace for the County of Surry, afiembled 4 at any General Quarter Seftions of the Peace to be hoiden in and 4 for the said County, and to be subject to all the Provifoes and 4 Enaftments therein contained in respect of any or such Sura or 4 Sums of Money mentioned in the said Aft: And whereas many 4 Persons have subscribed to the said Undertaking since the paffipg 4 of the said Aft, but, owing to the peculiar Exigencies of the Timet, 4 a sufficient Number of Subfcribers have not yet been obtained who 4 will undertake to raise the said Sum of Three hundred thousand 4 Pounds, and the said Period of Eighteen Months expired on the 4 Fifteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and 4 twelve: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors conceive 4 that they shall be enabled to obtain a sufficient Number of Suh-4 fcribers who will undertake to raise the said Sum of Three hundred 4 thousand Pounds, on being allowed further time for that Purpose, 4 and it is expedient to amend the said recited Aft :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eoafted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the 14	lame,

SM14G.3.

e.i».

Ctlxxxviu

A .D. 1813.	530 GEO.	III.

817

fame. That the time for obtaining Subscriptions for raising the said Period for ob-Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds (nail be extended Eighteen ta,ninS Subfciip-Calendar Months from the Day of palling this A&, and that the said t,ons en recited A& shall operate and be construed, and that all Clauses, Conditions, Powers, Provifoes and Dire&ions therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effe& for such extended Period in such and the fame or the like way and manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said extended Period had been inserted in the said recited Ain (lead of the said Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the palling thereof.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Piers and Abutments of jjow pjcfJ ^ the said intended Dridge shall be conflru6ted and made in a fub- Abutment# flantial and workmanlike manner, according to the Principles of a made. Specification hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, the Ground on

which the said Piers and Abutments shall be erected, shall be secured by driving Piles of sufficient Strength, Length and Number, with Two or more Courfes of Timber (each Courfe being at leall One Foot in Thicknefs), placed on the Tops of such Piles; and that the said Piles and Courfes of Timber for securing the said Piers, shall extend not less than Five Feet in Length, ana Five Feet in Breadth at every Part thereof beyond the Shaft and salient Angles of the said intended Piers, so as to cover a Space of Ground nearly Twice the Size of the fame Pier at High Water Height 5 and that the Piles and Courfes of Timber for securing the said Abutments, shall be sufficient to render the said Abutments perfectly secure, and to prevent the Poflibility of their linking or giving way ; and that the fame Piers and Abutments shall be constructed of solid Mafonry, the Outfide to be cased for at lead Two Feet and One-half in Thicknefs, with Dundee Craigheith, or Derbyshire Stone, or other Stone of equal good Quality, and the Infide with Whitby or other Stone of a Quality equally good, without any Rubble-worit either in the said Piers or in tne solid Part of the laid Abutments, but such Rubble-work may be used in the Wings or Land Arches, or the Abutments of the Wings or dry Arches.

III.	And be it further enacted. That One Pier of the said in- Piers eredtd tended Bridge shall be condru&ed and finished up to the Springing One by One be-of the intended Arches, before the other Pier shall be begun, or any the Abut-Preparation made in the River for that Purpofe 5 and that wheu the ™ent4»

said Pier is completed, the other shall be completed as aforesaid, so !he Lon-" that only One of the said Piers shall be constructing at one and the aou Abutment* fame time, and that in like manner the Abutment of the said intended Bridge, on the Surry Side thereof, shall be constructed and completed up to the Springing of the Arch before that on the London Side i9 begun, and when and after the said lad mentioned Abutment shall be completed, but not before, the Abutment of the said intended Bridge on the London Side thereof shall be constructed and built.

Iv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said p^,,anaAfrut-Company of Proprietors shall not proceed to place or fix, or to cause mems certified to be placed or fixed, any of the Irvin Work on the said intended to have been Piers and Abutments of the said intended Bridge, unless and until properly the said Piers and Abutments shall have been certified to be well cute<1 b^or® and satisfactorily finished and completed according to the Speci- \voiksar« ^ fication hereinbefore contained, by John Rennie, Civil Engineer, placed on any qt in case of his Death or Refufal to certify the fame, by some ofthePiersai 53 Geo. HI.	3	G	Two	Abutments.

8i8

C. lxxxvii.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Money applied to Conrtru^tion of Br idge,

Provife.

Two Engineers, One of them to be appointed for that Purpofe by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, at the Requeft of the said Company of Proprietors, and the other by the said Company j and m case filch Two Engineers shall not agree as to the making such Certificate, then by such Third Engineer, as shall be appointed by the Two fir ft chosen.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That so fooa as the Monies to be subscribed and raised for the Purpofe* of the said recited A&, and of this A&, shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand .Pounds, the fame Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall, after setting aside the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, Part thereof, be inverted in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of Sir Charles Price and Sir IVillian Curtis Baronets ; and of George Holme Sumner, Samuel Thornton and William Mellijh Efquires ; as by the said recited A& is directed, be appropriated and fet apart for the Condru&ion and Ere&ion of the laid intended Bridge, and no Part thereof shall be applied for improving, widening or making any Streets, Ways or Approaches, or any other the Purpofes of this A&, until the said intended Bridge shall be in every respect finirtied and completed: Provided nevertheless, that any Monies subscribed and raised after the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall have been appropriated as aforesaid, may be applied for any of the Purpofes of the said recited Ad, or this Ad, in such a manner as the laid Company of Proprietors shall think proper.

VT. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time hereafter the Iron Arches of the said intended Bridge, or any of them, IhaQ fall or give way, so as to obstruct or endanger the Navigation of the said River, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the (aid Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of jLondon^ in Common Council assembled, or their Agents, Servants or Workmen, to take away the said Iron Work and other Materials which shall have fallen or given way as aforesaid, and fell the fame for their own Benefit, towards defraying the Expences of moving the fame, and the Damages occasioned by, or by means of such Failure as aforesaid, unlets the said Company of Proprietors shall forthwith, and with all due Diligence, take away the Iron Work and Materials which shall have so fallen or given way as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the find made for Lofc of Company of Proprietors, or Court of Dire&ors, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, shall, and they are hereby autho-Saint Martin's rized and required, by and out of the Monies to arise and be Vintry,and Sait# received by virtue of the said A&, to pay to the Collectors or James GarHck Receivers of the AAe Aments for Land Tax and Poor's Rate, Coo* folidated Rate or Rate for paving, cleansing and lighting. Watch Rate, Sewer Rate and Trophy Tax within the Parilhes of Sakt Martin Vintry, and Saint James Gar Vick Hytbe respectively, or the Ward of Vintrjy in the City of London, all such Sums of Money as shall be deficient in the Produce of the said AiTefiments, Ratn and Taxes, by reason of the taking down Houfts and Buildings, or otherwise in consequence of the Alterations and Works authorized to be made by the said recited A&, according to the Produce

If any Arch give* way, Corporation authorised to remove and fell the Iron and Materials which have given way.

Compensation

Hythe.

C.lxxxvii. IxxxviiL

§

I

AD.1813.

53* GEO. HI.

of the said several AfTeflments and Rates and Taxes respectively, from Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and twelve to Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and they, the said Collectors or Receivers, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, as often as the said AfTeflments,

Rates and Taxes shall be made and allowed, or become payable, to demand, recover and receive the fame of and from the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, as an Equivalent in lieu of such AflefT-ment8, Rates and Taxes as aforesaid : Provided also, that when and Previfi* so soon as a sufficient Number of Houfes shall be ereCted and built by virtue of the said recited Ad, and shall be rated, or become liable to the Payment of the said AfTeflments, Rates and Taxes, and the Rates, Taxes and AfTeflments thereof shall amount to as much Money as the Deficiences aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth, the Equivalent above mentioned and directed to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, to the said respective Commiflioners and their Succeflors, and to the said respective Collectors or Receivers as aforesaid, shall cease, and be no longer payable; and that when and so soon as any such House or Houfes shall be built, and the Affeffments, Rates and Taxes thereon shall not be sufficient to answer the said Equivalent, that then the said refpec-tive Collectors or Receivers shall allow and give Credit to the said Company of Proprietors or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, for so much Money as shall be received in refpeCfc of the said several Affeffments, Rates and Taxes, from the Owners and Occupiers of such House or Houfes in dif-charge of the said Equivalent, as far as the fame will extend, they the laid Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or theif Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, paying, and being liable to pay, the Remainder of the said Equivalent; and in case any Difference or Difpute shall arise with respect to the Amount of the Equivalent to be paid as aforesaid, by the said Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, the fame shall be fettled and adjusted br any Two or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, whole Adjuftment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive on all ' Parties concerned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed Public Aft# and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxxviii.

An Aft to continue Three Afts made in the Fifteenth and Thirty first *5 C* a. c. 8. Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second 5 31 G. 2* c*^9* and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, *l c* laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a . Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereof. (c)	[21ft May 1813.]

3 G 2

Cap.

820

C. lxxxix—xci*.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D. 1813*

3*C.3

^G.3. <

3i «. 3-

55 O. 3.

iz g.3.

i>C.2. 9 G. 3. G. 3

30 G.3.

Cap. lxxxix.

c. 119. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre-fent Majessy, for repairing the Road from Peterborough to Tbomey, in the ljle of Ely> in the County of Cambridge, (a)

[21ft May 1813.] [Additional Trujlees. Formtr Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.J

Cap. xc.

'• 88.	An Aft to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Afts of His

. c. 124.	prefent Majesty for repairing the Highways from that Part of

c**34» Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parifh of Kenfmgton, in the County of Middlfex leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounflowy to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrcoky and federal other Roads in the said County, so far as the fame relate to the New DifriSl of Road therein deleribed.	[21ft	May 1813.J

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Half additional Tolls in certain cases. Double Tolls gn Sunday. For Term under former ABs.~\

Cap. xci.

5* An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge tire Powers of an Aft of His present Majessy, for repairing the Road from Cornbill Burn to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowicky and other Roads in the said Aft mentioned, in the Counties of Nor* thumberland and Durham ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (e)	[21ft	May 1813]

[Additional Trujlees.]

Cap. xcii.

An Aft for amending the Roads and Highways in the 1JU of Wight. [a)	[21 ft May 1813 ]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xciii.

c. 43. An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and c. 87.	prefent Majessy, for repairing the Road from Hitchin to Bedford,

• c.iij.	an(j	Roads branching therefrom, through Henlow to Gerford

Bridge and to Arlefcyy in the Counties of Hertford and Bed* ford. (I)	[21ft May 1813.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xciv.

6.94.' An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A ft of His per-fent Majessy, for more effectually repairing the Road from Stumf Cross to Newmarket Heathy and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cambridge; and for empowering the Truftces to erect a Weighing Engine near to the said Road. (£)

[21ft May 1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap.

A.D.I5

53* GEO. III.

C. xcv—cin.

9tt

T3*

Cap. xcv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Power® of Two Afts of His iaQ^.c.91. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Downham Market 3»G,j. c.158. to the Queen's Head, and from the Cbecquer Inn in Downham Market to the Two Mile Close, in the Pari(h of Barton, in the County of Norfolk, (c)	[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Steeple AJbton, in the County of IVills. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cup. xcvii.

An Aft for vetting Part of the Estates, fettled by the Will of Thomas Riddell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for applying the Money by such Sale arising, in the Difcharge of Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for invetting the Refidne of

^fuch Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates in the County of Northumberland, to be fitted to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Aft for enabling the Principal and Scholars of Brazen Nofe CoU lege, Oxford, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gennings Court, Kent, to Sir John Gregory Shaw, Baronet, and to apply the Money thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame IJfeB. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. xcix.

An Aft for vetting the Settled Eftates of Robert Holden Efquire* situate in the County of York, and Normanton, in the County of Nottingham, in Truft to be fold, and for laying, out the Purchafe Money in other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufe8: (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

' Cap. c.

An Aft for vetting certain Eftates in the County of Westmorland in James Adam Esquire, discharged of the Ufes of the Will of the Reverend James Barker, deceased ; and for settling other Eftates in lieu thereof; and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. ci.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tburgoland, in the County of York* (q. P.)	#	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. cii. ^	»

An Aft for inclosing Lauds in the Parifh of Uphill, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. ciii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Buckden, in the County of Huntington, (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

** Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes* $	*3*	-

3 G 3	C*P'

C. civ—cx.

$3* GEO. in.

A.D.i8i3<

Zzt

Cap. civ.

An A& for incloling Lands in the Manor and Townftiip of Wihe, in the County of Tori. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.3

Cap. cv.

7G.3. Cf88.	An Ad for repealing an Ad patted in the Seventh Year of the

*R*	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for dividing and

inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Westmorland ; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and incloling the said Lands and Grounds, (q. P. V

[21ft May 1813.] u Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19.23, 24.

Cap. cvi.

An Ad for incloling, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parilh of Stuieley, in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.)

[21ft May 1813.3

u No Leafe of Lands by the Redor of King9! Ripton9 without Confent of His Majesty as Patron of the Redory, $ 31.

Cap. cvii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Waterieaehy in the County of Cambridge. (q. P.)	([21ft	May	1813	3

li Allotments and Compenlations for Tithes, f 19.

Cap. cviii.

An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Elvetham9 in the County of Southampton. (q.P*)	[21ft	May	1813.3

Cap. cix.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Townlhips of Whittington and Newton with Docier, in the Parilh of Whittington* in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.3

Cap. cx.

An Ad to provide for the Diftribution, Payment and Application of certain Monies and Effeds, refunded or paid, or to be refunded or paid, by or on Behalf of the Government of Sweden, among the Persons having Claims thereon in consequence of certain Detentions, Sequeftrations and Condemnations by that Government, in the Years One thousand eight hundred and ten, One thousand eight hundred and eleven and One thousand tight hundred and twelve.	[3d	June	1813.3

f	HE RE AS divers Cargoes, Goods, Wares and Merchant

« VV dir.es, and other- Property, were, some time in or about ♦ the Years One thousand eight hundred and ten, One thousand eight « hundred and eleven and One thousand eight hundred and twelve, f sequestrated, condemned or otherwise detained, in some Ports or « Places in the Dominions or Within the Jurifdi&ion of the Kirig f of Sweden : And whereas at certain Meetings of the Perfots who f have sustained Lottes in confcquencfe of fueh Sequeftrations, I>-5	«	teution«

C. cx.

823

A.D.i8i3*

53- G$Q. HI.

tentions and Condemnations held, in the City of London, on the Second Day of Augufl, and the Twenty ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, John Atkins the elder, Thomas Wilfon, George IVood[, Thomas Row croft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Behrends, all of the City of London, Merchants, were chosen as a Committee to a& on Behalf of all the Parties interested, for the Purpofe of endeavouring to obtain the Refto ration of such Property, or some Compenfation in respect thereof, or otherwise to act as it should seem to them expedient in relation to filch Property, and also to appoint Attornies or Agents to proceed to Sweden for the Purpofe of negotiating and entering into Arrangements with the Swedifh Go-vernment, or otherwise as might be deemed advisable for the Parties interested in the said Property 5 and the said Committee did, with the Concurrence and Permiffion of His Majefty’s Government, sometime in or about the Month of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, duly empower Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger, of the City of London, Merchants, to proceed to Sweden for the Purpofes aforesaid 5 and the said Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger did accordingly proceed to Sweden, and enter into Negotiation with the Swedijh Government in refpedf of the Matters so entrusted to their Charge as aforesaid ; and in or about the Mouth of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said John Atkins the younger returned to this Country, and reported to the said Committee the Refult of such Negotiations : And whereas a great Number of Merchants and Underwriters and other Perfors interested in the said Property, did, by an Inftrument under their Hands and Seals, duly appoint the said Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkint the younger, jointly on Behalf of all the Parties interested in the said Property, to a& as Attornies or Commercial Agents respecting the Premises, and in such Cha-ra&er or otherwise as mignt be requisite to enter into and conclude any Agreement or Treaty with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden or Officers of the fame, or Persons acting on Behalf thereof, for the Liberation or Reftitution of all or any of the Property detained, sequestrated or condemned as aforesaid, or in respect of any Payment, Compenfation or Remuneration on account thereof, or to make any other Arrangements respecting the Premises, and to do all such A&s as might be reouifite for perfecting the fame: And Whereas the said Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger have, under and by virtue or in pursuance of such Power and Authority as aforesaid, entered into an Agreement or Arrangement with the Government of the Kiugdom of Sweden, for the Reftitution of the said Property, or the Proceeds thereof, or some Parts thereof, or for some Compenfation respecting the fame: And Whereas in pursuance of such Agreement or Arrangement a confiderable Sum of Money hath been received by the said Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkint the younger, as such Agents ?s aforesaid, and by them remitted to London i and the said Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger are eipe#ed fhprtly to receive further Sums of Money on account pf the Property ah4 Effe&s sequestrated, detained or condemned, as hereinbefore mentioned : And Whereas a great Number pf the reruns cUiiping to

3 0 +

4 be

Appointment of Commiffioneri,

Appointment of Hefereei.

Oath taken by Coimniilioners Rcierees.

C, cx.	53* GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

*	be interested in the Monies received and to be received under such 4 Arrangement or Negotiation, being desirous that the (aid John 4 A thins the elder, Robert Shedden the elder of the City of London* 4 Mereliant, and the said Thomas IVilfon, John Anthony Rucker and

•	Thomas Rower oft* should be appointed Commissioners or Trustees 4 for the Payment and Diftribution of such Monies, the Sum of

•	Ninety thousand Pounds and upwards (the Monies already remitted 4 as aforesaid) hath been paid to them, and by them invested in Exche-4 quer Bills: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to provide for 4 the due Payment and Application of the Monies received and to be 4 received as aforesaid, and for invefligating, ascertaining and deciding 4 on the Origin, Juftice and Amount of the several and respective 4 Claims to be made on the Monies and Property received and to be 4 received as aforesaid, and the Rights and Interefls of all Parties 4 therein, and for the Safety and Indemnity of the Persons diftri-4 buting or applying the said Sums and Funds, that certain Persons 4 should be appointed as Referees, and that the said Referees, and 4 also the said Commiflioners or Trustees, should have such refpec-4 tive Powers and Authorities, and should take such Oaths for the 4 faithful Difcharge thereof as hereinafter in those respective Behalves 4 exprefTed and contained, and that the said Funds should be pro-4 tedted against Forgery, and that the several other Provifions and 4 Regulations hereinafter exprefTed should be made in relation thereto;

4 but inasmuch as the several Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned or 4 referred to, cannot be effedlually accomplished without the Autho-4 rity of ParliamentMay it therefore please Your Majessy, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Maieity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said John Atkins the elder, Robert Shedden, Thomas Wilfon* John Anthony Rucker and Thomas Rowcroft, ;-:nd their Succefforp to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and are hereby conflltuted and appointed Com-miffioners for the Receipt, Payment, Divffion and Diftribution of the Monies, Bills, EfFe&s and Property received and to be received by or from the Swedijh Government, or any Agents thereof, ifi refpc& of the Matters aforesaid; and that Jan es Campbell, of the City of London, Mereliant, the said George Wood and William Hutchins, Henry Septimus Hyde Wollajlon, James Bow Jen and William Silas Hathaway, also of the City of London* Merchants, and their Sue-cefTors, to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby conftitiited and appointed Referees for the In-veftigation of the Origin, Juftice and Amount of the Claims to be tnade on the said Monies and Propprty received or to be received as aforesaid in manner hereinafter exprefTed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That some Two of the Persons who are hereby appointed as Commissioners, of as Referees, or one of the said Persons appointed Commissioners, and one of the said Persons appointed Referees, shall before they enter upon the Execution of such Offices, respectively take an Oath before the Mafter of the Rolls for the time being, or one of His Majefty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the time being,

*	8	(which

C. cx.

9tS

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

(which Oath they or any of them respectively are and is hereby

authorized and required to administer) the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth ; that is to fay,

4 T	do	swear, that according to the bell of my Oath.

*	Judgment I will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral

*	Tufts, Powers and Authorities of a CommiHioner Tor Referee 4 as the case may require] under and by virtue of an Adl of Parliament

*	made and palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His

*	Majefty King George the Third, intituled An Ad [inferi the Title 4 of this Afll, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Aft.’

And every other of the said Comnfiflioners and Referees in this Adl named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the said Two Persons, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the fame, after they shall themfelvea have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted. That if any or either of them NewCommif-the said Commiftioners hereby appointed, or of the Commiftioners or J>oncrs and Re-Referees to be appointed under this present Provision, shall die, or in^^ofSeatb be deiirous of being discharged from the said Office, Duty or Truft £c#	*

of a CommiHioner, or go to reside beyond the Seas, or refuse or become incapable, or decline to act further in such Trusts, Powers and Authorities, before the fame shall be fully executed and performed, then and immediately on the happening of every such case, the other Persons who shall then be Commiffiouers by virtue of this Adl, or the major Part of such Persons, shall and they are hereby required forthwith, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint any fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Pisces of the CommiHioner or Commiftioners so dying, desiring to be discharged, or going to relide beyond the Seas, or refusing or becoming incapable, or declining to act as aforesaid ; and immediately after every such Appointment of a Commiflioner or Commiftioners shall have been so made, all the said Monies, Bills, Effects and Property, which under and by virtue or in pursuance of this Adl shall then be subject to the Trufts and Provifions of this Adl, shall immediately become veiled in such new CommiHioner or Com-mifiioners jointly with the remaining, surviving or continuing CommiHioner or Commiftioners, upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes of this Adi, or such of them as shall then remain to be performed; and that if any or either of them the said Referees hereby appointed, or if the Referees to be appointed under this present Provision, shall die, or be deiirous of being discharged from the said Office, Duty or Truft of a Referee, or go to relide beyond the Seas, or refuse or become incapable, or decline to act further in such Trusts, Powers and Authorities, before the fame shall be fully executed and performed, then and immediately on the happening of every such case, the other Person or Persons who shall then be Referee or Referees by virtue of this Adl, or the major Part of them, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals to nominate and appoint any fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of the Referee or Referees so dying* desiring to be discharged, or going to reside beyond the Seas, or refusing or becoming incapable, or declining to ad as-aforefaid ; and immecfiately after every such Appointment of a

new

Provifo.

Three Commit* (loners or Referees may *tt.

Monies, ftc. remitted and to be remitted, veiled inCommilfioneis.

paving the Rights of ICiac Aldebert aud John Atkins Junior.

new Commiffioner or ConMaifioners, Referee or Reftreo*, shall be so made as aforesaid, every fuqh new Commiffioner and Referee shall have and may exercise all the fame or the like Rowers* Privileges and Authorities whatsoever, as if he had been appointed a Commiffioner or Referee by this Aft, and as if his Name had been expressly inserted in this Aft : Provided nevertheless, that no such Person (had be competent to aft as such Commiffioner or Referee as aforesaid, until he shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore prescribed, before Two of the Persons who shall then be Commissioners or Referees, or One of the then Commissioners, or One of the then Referees who shall have previously taken the said Oath, and which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to adminftter to every such new Commiffiooer and Referee accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That any Three of the Cota-miffioners for the time being, and any Three of the Referees for the time being respectively, shall have full Power and Authority to aft, do and perform all Matters and Things whatsoever which by this Aft are entrusted and required to be done by the said Commissioners and Referees respectively; and that all Afts, Deeds, Matters and Things, done, executed or performed by Three of the said Commissioners, shall be as valid and eifeftual as if the fame had been done by all the said Commissioners ; and all Afts, Matters and Things done, executed and performed by Three of the said Referees shall be as valid and cffeftual as if the fame had been done by all the said Referees

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds so inveiled in Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, and the said Exchequer Bills, and all other Securities for the fame, aud all other Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property whatsoever already received or obtained, or hereafter to be received or obtained by the said IJans Aldebert and John Likins the younger, or either of them, or by aay other Person or Persons, of or from the Swedi/b Government or the Officers thereof, or otherwise, in respect of the Cargoes, Merchandizes, Effefts and Property so fequeffratod, detained or condemned as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the said Agreement or Arrangement with the Swedijb Government, or any other Agreement or Arrangement with the Swedijb Government, on account of such Sequeftrations, Detentions and Condemnations as aforesaid, (hail, from and immediately after the pafling of this Aft, be and become the Property of, and the fame are hereby veiled in, the said Com. miffioners and their Succeflors to be appointed as aforesaid, discharged of and from all Claims, Rights and Intereils whatsoever, of or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; but nevertheless for the Purpofes and upon the Truftsof this Aft ; and all such Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property to be received or obtained by the said Ifaae Aldebert and John Atkiiu the younger, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken in Law to be had and received to the Ufe of the said Com-miffioners and their SucceiTors, upon the Trulls and for the Purpofes of this Aft.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing ia this Aft contained, shall be construed, deemed or taken to prejudice, destroy, defeat, bar or take away any Claim or Demand what foe ver which the said Jfaac Aldebert and Jofm Atkins the younger, or either of them, or either of their Executors and AwimfLntors

now

C. cr.

A.D. 1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

»*?

now or at any time hereafter have or shall or might otherwise hare, claim or be entitled to, for or by Reafon or Means or in coniequence of their or any of their pall or future Services, Trouble, Attendance,

Afllftance and Diiburfemeats, touching or concerning all or any of the Monies and Property hereby veiled in the said Conunifhoaers, or otherwise relating to all or any of the Matters and Things mentioned in this A61, by virtue of any express or implied Undertaking or Agreement, or any Cuftom or Ufage of Trade or Commerce, Rule of Law or Equity, or otherwise howsoever.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That the Receipt and Receipts Receipts of of the said Commiflioners for the time being, shall fully and effectually Commiffionerj ; discharge the said Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or the va 1	‘c ar~eS*

Persons or Person from whom the Money, Effe£b or Property for which each such Receipt shall be given shall therein be mentioned to have been received, of and from all such Sums of Money, Effe&s or Property as shall in every such Receipt respectively be acknowledged or exprefied to be received; and that the Dire&ion and Dire&ions in Writing of the said Commiflioners for the time being under their Hands, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority for the said Ifaat f Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or such other Persons or Person as the fame may concern, to pay, deliver, make over, remit or otherwise apply, in such manner as shall be therein mentioned, such Monies, Bills, Effe&s and Property received or to be received by the said Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, their Executors or Adminiftrators, or auy or either of them, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of the said Agreement or Arrangement with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden, or the Officers thereof or otherwise in respect of the Premises, as shall be refpe£ively mentioned in such Dire&ions or Direftion 5 and that when the said Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or any other Person er Persons as aforesaid, shall have paid, delivered or remitted any such Monies, Bills, Effects and Property, to or to the Order of, or otherwise applied the fame according to the Diredlion of the said Commiflioners, under their Hands as aforesaid, they the said Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or their Executors or Admini(lrator8, or other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby released, exonerated and discharged of and from all responsibility or liability in respect of such Monies, Bills,

Effects or Property, and shall not, after having paid, remitted or applied the fame as aforesaid, be liable to any Claim on account thereof, or bound to fee to the Application thereof, or be answerable or accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication of the fame.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the Power not t0 *** hereby given to the said Commiflioners shall not reyoke, or in any Y’^rPawer °* respect abridge or controul the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore orueJ' mentioned to have been granted to and veiled in the said Ifaac

AUebert and John Atkins the younger, except so far as such Power* and Authorities are incompatible ; but nevertheless, that the said Powers or Authorities given to the said Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger as aforesaid shall be revocable by the (aid Commiflioners.

IX.	And be it further eoacted, That the Referees for the time R«fe**e* c,*l being do and Audi aa4 they we hereby required, within Twenty 00 claunamtt

eight

8aS

C.cx.

53° GEO. UI.

A.D.1813.

for Vouchers,	eight Days next after the pafling of this Aft, to cause Notiee

*c*	to be given by Advertifement in the London Gavutte, for all Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Intereft in the (aid Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property hereby veiled in the (aid Commiflioners, to deliver to them the said Referees for the time being, or as they may require. Statements and Accounts in Writing of the respective LofTes sustained by them or tbofe under whom they respectively claim, in confeauence or by reason of the said Sequeftrations, Detentions or Condemnations, and of all their respective Claims to Reftitution or Compenfation in refjped of fnch Lofle9, out of the Monies, Effefts and Property hereby vested in the said Commiflioners, and also to shew or deliver as aforesaid all or any Invoices, Bills of Lacting, Policies of Infurance, Bills of Pareels, Vouchers, Documents, Papers and Writings whatsoever, which may by such Referees be tnought necessary to prove and When Amount fubflantiate such LofTes and Claims ; and when the Amount of any of Claims afeer- such Claim or Claims shall be substantiated and ascertained to the to Tve Cteni-Ce* Satisfaftion of the said Referees, they are hereby required to deliver a?*: l~ *° every Per^on> Body Politic or Corporate, whose Claim shall be so substantiated and ascertained, or to his or her Executors, Ad-miniftrators or SuccefTors, a Certificate in Writing, in such Form as to the said Referees shall seem proper, of the Amount for which each such Person, Body Politic or Corporate is entitled to claim, and also a Duplicate of such Certificate, the said Certificate and Duplicate to be respectively signed by the said Referees ; and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate, the Person, Body Politic or Cor-

?orate receiving the fame, is directed and required, within Fourteen lays from the Receipt thereof, to deliver to and deposit with the find Commiflioners, or One of them, or their Clerk or Agent, one Part of every such Certificate, and to retain the other Part thereof ia his or their own Cuflody ; and when any Dividend or Diftribution of the Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property hereby vested in the said Com-miffioners, shall be made as hereinafter mentioned, the Person, Body Politic or Corporate holding any such Duplicate Certificate, shall be entitled to receive of and from the said Commiflioners a just and rateable Proportion, by way of Dividend or Share, of the said Truft Fund, according to the Amount expressed in every such Certificate as aforesaid, when compared with the total Amount expressed in all the Certificates to be granted under this piefent Claufe or Provifioo. X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases Glairoants under where any Claim shall be made by or on Behalf of any Person being rimttd^to under any Difabiiity of Infancy or Coverture, or who shall be an Idiot TfuiUes. or non comP°* mentis, or shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, or where the Monies which would be receivable under any Claim shall be subject to any Trust, Contingency or Limitation whatsoever, which may render it impracticable or inconvenient to procure an effectual and available Releafe or Difcharge for the fame, and generally in all cases where it shall, in the Judgment of the said Referees, be ins-prafticable or inconvenient to procure an efieftual or available Difcharge for the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Referees, and they are hereby required, in every such case, to give or grant the Certificate and Duplicate Certificate of every such Claim as aforefaid^ when the fame shall have been substantiated in manner aforesaid, to and in the Name or Names of One or jqore Truftee or Troftcqs for

the

On receiving Certificated within Fourteen Days from Receipt, to lodge one Part with Commiflioners. When Dividend made, holder of Duplicate entitled to receive f-me.

Certificates of

C^

..X3.1813.

53° GEO. HI.

C.cx.	U29

e Person or Persons entitled thereto, such Truftee or Trustees to approved by the said Referees ; and every such Certificate to b« anted as last aforesaid, shall be of the like Force and EffeCt for \ fcharging the said Commiflioners, and for all other the Purpofes of is A&r, as the Certificates to be granted under the Claufe or rovihon la illy hereinbefore contained.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Referees sutho-ie Referees for the time being, as often as they shall think proper, y Writing to be signed by them, to require the said Commiflioners to	on"

ake out and deliver to them the said Referees upon Oath (which Comniffioners >ath the said Referees are hereby authorized and empowered to ad- lor an Account liuifter), a Statement or Account of all Monies and Sums of Money, on Oath of ►ills, EfFeCts and Property received or possessed by them the said Com- ndtCerti£H*e<,t ii(Iioner8, or any or either of them respectively, or any Person or 1^^/.	01181

‘erfons by their Order or for their Ufe, or by the Order or for the Jfe of any or either of them refpeCtively under or by virtue of this or otherwise, in respect of the said Truft Property and of their )ifpofition and Application thereof, and of the Cods, Charges and Cxpences, Payments, Difburfements and Sums of Money claimed by hem and each of them respectively, to be allowed to them as fucli Commiflioners out of the said Truft Funds, and also a Lift or State-nent of all the Certificates lodged as hereinbefore directed, and the Drders for Refervations to be deposited with the said Commiflioners inder the Provifion hereinafter contained, up to the Day of the Date >f such Notice, or any other Day therein to be mentioned, in order to hew the Amount of the said Truft Funds then in the Hands of the aid Commiflioners, and of the several Claims thereon ; and thereupon tnd thereupoi t shall and may be lawful for the laid Referees for the time being, by Referees toor-»n Order or Warrant in Writing to be signed by them or any Three der what Divi* nr more of them, directed and delivered to the laid Commiflioners, Or <le“d ^all be left at their respective Offices or Dwelling Houses, to order and ma"e* direCt the said Commiflioners, within a time to be therein mentioned, to pay and divide unto each of the Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have deposited with the said Commiflioners, on or before a certain Day in the said Order or Warrant to be mentioned, the Certificate or Acknowledgment of the Amount of his, her or their Claim in manner hereinbefore directed, such a Dividend or Share of the said Truft Fund, in proportion to the several and refpeCtive Claims allowed, as they the said Referees shall think proper; and such Order pro4u^jon ^ or Warrant in Writing, and the respective Certificate or Certificates Certificate and which shall have been fo<lepofited with the said Commiflioners as afore- Receipt of Per-said, on or before the Day mentioned in the said Order or Warrant, ton holding it, shall be a sufficient Authority for the said Commiflioners to pay tp fuffic,ent every Person, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Certi-	°m-

ficate shall have been granted as aforesaid, either in his or their own Right, or as such Truftee or Trustees as aforesaid, and to his or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, the respective Dividends or Dividend payable in respect thereof; and the respective Receipts or Receipt of every such Person, Body Politic or Corporate, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, or of fotne Officer or Agent of such Body Politic or Corporate, together with such respective Certificates or Certificate, shall be a sufficient Dif-charge to the said Commiflioners for the refpeCtive Sums or $um of Money paid by them or him in obedience, tq such Order oj* Warrant,

aud

C.Ct»

53« geo. nr.

A.D.1813.

Parties not attending and fob-AantiatiagClaWna within Twenty eight Days after Notice, excluded from next Dividend.

If more than One Dividend, such Party paid further Dividends.

Dividends of Parties not fub-ftantiating Claims previous to First Dividend, reserved *>y Ct/ttinuf-

nnd in such respective Receipts or Receipt acknowledged to have been received, without any Liability in the said Comraiilioners to enquire into or to be accountable for the Application, Non-application tor Mifapplication of the Monies to be paid to any such Truftee or Trustees.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Claimant on the said Monies, Effe&s and Property vetted in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Executors, Adminiftrator* or Affigns of every such Claimant, who shall not after being thereunto required by the Referees for the time being, or their Agent, by a Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Referees for the time being, or their Agent, and delivered to the fame Claimant, or his or her Executors or Adminiftrators, or left at his, her or their Dwelling House, Office or Counting House, Twenty eight Days $t lead before the time of Meeting therein to be mentioned, or by a Notice by or on Behalf of the (aid Referees or their Agent, to be inserted in the London Gazette on a Day at least Twenty eight Days before the time of such Meeting, and specifying the Day, Hour and Place of such Meeting, attend either in Person or by forae Agent, before the said Referees for the time being, at the Time and Place of Meeting therein to be mentioned, and appointed, and then and there either lubftantiate his, her or their Claims upon the said Truft Fund, to the Satisfa&ion of the said Referees, or (hew some good Caufe to the said Referees for the Default in not fubftantiating the fame, or for not attending, shall (unlefs the contrary shall be expressly directed by the said Referees for the time being) be excluded from the Benefit of the Dividend or Diftribution which shall be made of the said Truft Fund next after such Meeting ; and the fame Dividend or Diftribution may be made, without Reference to a Confideration of the Claim of every such Party, his or her Executors, Admioiftrators or Afsigns; but if there shall be more than One Dividend or Diftribution of the said Truft Fund, and any Claimant, his or her Executors, Adminif-trators or Afsigns, shall be excluded from the Benefit of any preceding Dividend or Dividends in manner lastly hereinbefore mentioned, he, she or they, notwithstanding such Exelusion, shall at the then next Dividend which shall be ordered after he, (he or they shall have refpec-tively obtained and deposited with the said Commissioners such Certificate as aforesaid, and before any further Dividend or Diftribution of the said Truft Fund, be entitled to receive the Amount of the former Dividends or Dividend, in proportion to their respective Claims to be allowed as aforesaid, so as to bring them up hart pajfu, and place them in an equal Situation in all respects with the Pcrlons who shall have received such former Dividends, in the fame manner as near as may be as if they had substantiated the fame Claims previous to the first. or other subsequent Dividend, except and unless the said Referees for the time being, or some Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands otherwise order and dire£t, and they are hereby empowered to order the contrary.

All I. And be it further enacted, That as often as it shall happen that any Claim upon the said Truft Fund shall not, previous to any Dividend or Diftribution thereof, be substantiated to the Satisfa&ion of the said Referees, it shall be lawful for the said Referees, if they shall think proper, by Writing under their Hands, to be deposited with the Commissioners for the time being, in such manner as hereinbefore

before directed touching the Certificates of Claims allowed, to autho- (loners, if Resize and direct the said Commiflioners to reserve out of the Trull fcrCM *t-Fund, at the then next and every subsequent Dividend, a sufficient Sum to answer and pay the Dividend upon such Claim, when the fame (Hall be fubftantiatea as aforesaid; and the said Referees shall and may afterwards, upon such Claim being fubflantiated as aforesaid, give such Certificate and Acknowledgment as aforesaid to the Person or Per-fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate by whom such Claim shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they respectively shall by virtue of such Certificate be entitled to receive the Amount of the Dividends due to him, her or thetn thereon, out of the Monies so reserved, or fif the fakne shall be inefficient) at the then next Diilribution which shall be ordered of the said Tfuft Fund after such Certificate shall have been deposited with the said Commiflioners.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Referee* may shall and may be lawful for the said Referees, by Writing under their order such Re-Hands to be delivered to every Party for whom any such Refervation	10

shall have been made as aforesaid, or to his, her or their Executors or AdmtniArators, or to be lefl at the Dwelling House, Counting House, or Office of each and every such Party, Fourteen Days at lead before the time of Meeting therein to be mentioned, to call upon every such Party, his, her or their Executors or Adminiftrators, to attend either personally, or by his, her or their Agent or Agents before the said Keferees, at the Time and Place of Meeting therein mentioned aud appointed, and then and there fdbllantiate his, her or their Claim or reipe&ive Claims ; and in Default thereof, then it shall or may be lawful for the said Referees, Unlefs they shall fee good Caufe to the contrary, by Order or Warrant under their Hands, to direct that the Dividends or Share of the said Tmft Fund which shall have been refarved to answer the unfubftantiated Claim or Claims of every such Party as aforesaid, shall be thrown into and become Part of the general Truft Funds, and be divided between and among the Parties fubftantiat-ing their Claims, according to the Intent and Meaning of this A£l.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person No Demand#

Or Pfcrfons, Body Or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have or be made, except Entitled to any Share, Right, Interect, Claim or Demand whatsoever, upon Cctt&ate* of, in, or to the Monies, Bills, Property and Effefts hereby veiled in

the said Commiflioners, except such Claims as shall be so fubflantiated and allowed, and for which such Certificates shall be given as aforesaid ; and that no Certificate or Certificates shall be given or granted, allowing any Claim or Claims, unless such Claim or Claims shall have been submitted for the Confideration of the said Referees on or before the Thirteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful Referees tohiva for the said Referees for the time being, if to them it shall appear ne- Power to em-cbffary, in investigating the Claims and ascertaining the Amount of PloI A*enl,# the Shares and Interefls of any of the said several Claimants, by

Writing under their Hands and Seals to authorize and appoint any Pfcrftm or Persons to act as their Agent or Agents, in Sweden or elsewhere, for obtaining Evidence and Information relative thereto, and to allow to such Agent or Agents all Expences incurred in the Prtmises, and such Salary, Commiflion or Remuneration for their Trouble, as to the said Referees shall seem proper.

XVII.	And

Referee*, their Agents, Courts and Magistrates an-thomed to ad-minifter Oath* to Parties and WitneiTes.

Perjury. •

Referees authorized to compel Attendance of Witnefle* and • Production of Papers.

Penalty.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and m3y be lawful for the Referees for the time being, and also such Agent or Agents as they shall authorize and appoint as aforesaid, and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to examine viva voce$ or upon written Interrogatories, upon Oath (which Oath they or any One of them are and is hereby authorized to admintfter), all Persons, whether Parties or Witneffes, touching any Matter whatsoever referred to the said Referees by virtue or in pursuance of this Aft; and that it shall be lawful to and for the laid Referees for the time being or any one of them, and for such Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for all Courts, Judges, Maflers in Chancery, Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, and for all Matters Extraordinary in Chancery, and all Commiffioner8 and Persons who are or shall be authorized by any Court of Record to take Affidavits, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons making any Affidavit or Depofition in Writing touching any Matter referred to the said Referees, or relating to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in them.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the Referees for the time being under this Aft, or their Agent or Agents as aforesaid, or in any l'uch Affidavit or Depofition so to be sworn before the laid Referees, or any one of them, or any Agent or Agents to be appointed by them as aforesaid, or before any such Court, Judge, Matter in Chancery, Magistrate, Juftice of the Peace, Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, Commiihoner, or Person so authorized to administer an Oath as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully or corruptly make any false Anfwer, Statement or Deposition, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convisted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to iuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now io force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Referees for the time being, if they shall fee fit, either of their own Motion or at the Inftance of any Person or Persons having or claiming any Interect, to support or oppose any Claim or Demand, or otherwise, in any Matter hereby referred to the said Referees, to issue their Precept or Precepts under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, summoning any Person or Persons whomsoever to attend them, or any Three or more of them, to declare the Truth touching the Matters referred to the said Referees, or to bring or produce any Book, Deed, Paper, Account or Writing, or any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts or Writings relating to any such Matters, or as shall be necessary for executing the Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Referees ; all which Persons so summoned are hereby required and dirested, upon reafon-able Notice of any such Precept, punctually to attend the said Referees, at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be by them or any Three or more of them appointed, under the Penalty for every Omiffion or Default the Sum of Fifty Pounds; which Penalty shall and may, in all cases where the Precept requiring the Attendance of the Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, shall have been issued by the said Referees for their own Motion, be recovered by the said Commissioners for the time being, and shall and may, in

C. cx.

*33

A.D. 1813.	53=	GEO.	III.

all cases where the fame shall have been issued by the said Referees at the Inftance of any other Person or Persons, be recovered by and to the proper Ufe of the Person or Person* at whose In fiance the fame (haQ have been ifTued ; and all such Penalties shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners or other Person* entitled to recover the fame a* aforesaid, by any A&ion of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in any of Hi* Majeftv's Court* of Record at Wcjlmtnjlcr, wherein no Effoin, Privilege, Prote&ion or Wager of Law, and not more than One Imparlance shall be allowed ; and all Penalties to be recovered by the said Commissioners by virtue of this A&, shall be added to and be applied for the fame Purpofes as the other Monies hereby veiled in the said Commiflioners.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Back, or in Precepts or at the Foot of every Precept to be issued for the Attendance of endorsed, any Witnefs, or the Produ&ion of any Document, shall be written

a Memorandum, fptcifying whether the fame is issued on the proper Motion of the Referees, or at whose Iuftance the fame is issued,

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Wiinefles’Ex-Perfons whomsoever shall be compelled or compellable to appear pence* provided before the said Referees for the time being, or to bring or produce for-

before them any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts or Writings, unless at the time of Service of the Precept for such Attendance or Production, or at a reasonable time before the Day appointed for such Attendance or Production, the probable Amount oftheCofts and Charges of the Person or Person* summoned, and a reasonable Compenfation for hi*, i.er or their Lof* of Time to be occasioned by such Attendance or Production, shall be tendered to him, her or them ; and every Person who shall attend the said Referees, or produce any Document* in pursuance of any Precept, shall be entitled to be rc-imburfed and paid by the Person or Person* or Bodies Politic or Corporate at whole Inftance such Precept shall have issued, his or her reasonable Cod* and Charges, and a reasonable Compenfation for his or her Lofs of Time; and in case any such Precept shall have issued on the proper Motion of the said Referees, such Cods, Charges and Ex-pences shall be paid by the said Commissioners, as Part of the said Expences incidental to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in the said Referees ; and the Amount of such Cofts,

Charges and Compenfation, shall in that case be fettled and afeer-tained by the said Referees, who shall immediately thereupon make and sign an Order to the said Commissioners for Payment thereof $ and all Persons entitled to any such Re-imburfement or Corapenfa-tion from the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at whose Inftance any such Precept as aforesaid shall have issued, shall be entitled to recover the fame by Adlion at Law against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, or his, her or their Executors, Adminif-trators, Succeffors or Afsigns, together with full Cofts of Suit; and the said Referees are hereby authorized and required, at the Requeft of any Person or Persons entitled to any such Re-imburfe-ment or Payment as last aforesaid, to fettle and adjust the Amount thereof, and to make an Order, to be ligned by the said Referees or any Three of them, fixing a time and Place, to the Person or Per-fotti, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, to pay and discharge the fame; and in such case the Person 53 Geo. III.	3	H	or

or Persons entitled thereto, or his, her or their Executors or Adminif-trators, shall be at liberty to make his, her or their Ele&ion to accept thereof, or to proceed generally for the Recovery of his, her or their reasonable Colts and Charges, and a reasonable Compenfation for his, her or their Lofs of time ; and in case of the Ele&ion of any Person or Persons to accept of the Sum or Sums so to be ordered to be paid, if the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, shall make Default in such Payment pursuant to such Order, then the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall recover the Specific Sum or Sums so ordered to be paid, together with Double Cofts of Suit.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in ascertaining all such Claims as aforesaid, the said Referees shall not be bound by the Invoice Prices of the Goods {hipped, or the Cofts or Charges of Infurance, by any of the said Claimants respectively, or those under whom they claim, but shall be at full Liberty to estimate their refpec-tive Claims upon and Title to Compenfation out of the Truft Fund, on such fair and equitable Principles as between the several Claimants may in the Judgment of the said Referees appear to be mod proper.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Awards, Decifions, Judgments and Dire&ions in Writing of the said Referees for the time being, or any Three or more of them, touching all Matters hereby referred to them, shall be final and conclusive on all Persons whomsoever; and that in case the said Referees for the time being shall differ in Opinion touching any of the Matters hereby referred to them, so that neither they or any Three of them can agree refpedt-

agree referred to ing the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said Referees, or the

Double Coils.

Referees to make Compenfation on equitable Principles.

Decifions of Referees conclusive.

If Three cannot

Umpire.

Commiffioners

empowered to lay out Monies, &c. for safe Cuilody ;

Mid to (land poITeflcil thereof upon Trust, for Payment of Expen ces, &c.

major Part of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to refer such Matter or Matters to the Umpirage or Arbitration of any Person to be chosen as an Umpire by them the said Referees, or the major Part of them; and the Decifion of such Umpire shall be final and conclusive.

XXIV. And be it further enabled, That the said Commissioners and their Succeffors shall (land and be possessed of the Monies, Bills, Effedls and Property hereby veiled in them, upon the Truftg and to and for the Intents and Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, Upon Truft from time to time at their Difcretion, to fell and convert into Money such Part or Parts thereof as shall not consist of Monies, in such manner as to the said Commissioners shall seem mod advisable, and to lay out and invest the Proceeds and Produce thereof, and all Monies received as aforesaid, and all Dividends and Intereli thereon, and on the Securities, Stocks or Funds wherein the fame shall be in veiled pursuant to this prefen t Claufe or Provifion in or upon, Government Securities, or some of the Public Stocks or Funds, and deposit such Parts as shall not consist of Monies, in the mean time and until the fame shall be fold and converted as aforesaid, with such Persons and in such Places for safe Cuftody thereof, and from time to time to alter, vary and change the Cuftody in which, or the Securities, Stocks or Funds on or in which the fame shall be placed, for other Securities, Stocks or Funds of the like Nature, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, and from time to time, until such Inveilments as aforesaid shall be made, to pay all such Monies, Dividends and Intercft as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, to be 14	placed

C^

A.D.i8i3«	C.cx.	835

placed to the Credit of «« The Account of the Swedi/b Compensation Commiffioncr*,” a;;d which Monies shall from time to time be drawn and taken from and out of the Bank for the Purpofe of inverting such Grant!, Securities, Stocks or Funds as aforesaid, or other the Purpofet of this Ad, by the Draft or Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them ; which Drafts or Orders are hereby declared to be sufficient Warrants and Authorities for the said Bank of England and the Officers thereof, for Payment of the Monies therein respectively to be specified, and do and shall (land and be pofitlTcd of the lame Monies, and of the Funds and Securities whereon the fame shall be inverted. Upon Trust, in the firffc Place to pay all the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, and in the next Place to pay or allow to the said John Atkins the elder, George Wood, Thomas Wil/ont Thomas Rowcroft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Jiehrends, being the several Persons appointed as such Committee as aforesaid, all their respective Cofts and Dif-barfements as such Committee, and also a Commiflion at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of all the Monies and Effeds hereby verted in the said Commissioners as a Compenfation and Remuneration for their Labour, Care and Trouble as such Committee, such Commiflion to be payable from time to time, at such times and by such Proportions as the said Referees shall direct ; and in the next Place to defray all the Cofts, Charges and Expence3 attending the Execution of the Trusts, Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in them the said Commissioners and Referees respectively, and a reasonable Compenfation or Remuneration to the said Commissioners, such Cofts, Charges and Expences, Commiffion and Compenfation, to be determined and ascertained by the said Referees, and to be paid at such times and by such Proportions as they shall direct ; and alio to pay to the Referees for the time being, and their Umpire to be appointed under this Ad, their respective Executors or Ad-miniftnuors, their and his respective Cofts, Charges and Expences of the said Reference or Umpirage respectively, and also to pay to the Referees for the time being a Commiffion after the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum on the Amount of all the Monies and Effeds hereby vetted in the said Commissioners, such Commiffion to be paid and payable at such times and by such Proportions, and to be fettled and apportioned as between the Reprefentatives of deceased Referees and Persons declining or becoming incapable to ad as Referees, or going to retide beyond the Seas, and Persons continuing to be Referees, and also new Referees from time to time appointed as aforesaid, as the Referees for the time being shall think proper and direct as a Compenfation or Remuneration for their or his Trouble and Service in respect of such References respectively, and also to allow to such Umpire such Remuneration or Compenfation as to the said Referees shall feera just and reasonable ; and in the next Place, when and as the Commissioners for the time being shall be thereunto required by the said Referees for the time being in manner hereinbefore mentioned, to pay and divide unto and amongst all the Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, whose respective Claims by the refpec-tive Certiticates so to be obtained and deposited with the said Commissioners as aforesaid shall appear to be substantiated, and their respective Executors, Adminillrators or Afsigns, such Dividends or

3 H 2	Shares

G.cx.

53° GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

And stand possessed of Refidue, ful>je& to Order of Referee*.

Intereft deemed Part of Principal.

Referees not accountable for A&s done under Authority of

aa.

Commissioners and Referees not answerable for each other’* A&s,&c.

To employ Clerks, See.

To insure.

Shares of the said Truft Funds, in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Claims so substantiated, as by such Warrant or Order as hereinbefore mentioned the said Referees shall direct, order and appoint, and to reserve and retain a sufficient Sum of Money out of tne said Truft Fund to answer and pay the Amount of the said Dividends upon such of the said Claims as shall not be substantiated, and in re-fped of which such Refervations shall be ordered as aforesaid, and to answer and pay the fame Claims when they shall be so substantiated ; or in case the said Claims should be afterwards abandoned or disallowed as hereiqbefore mentioned, then to stand and be possessed of the Monies referred for answering and paying the fame, together with and upon the fame Trufts as the Refidue of the said Truft Funds which shall remain in the Hands of the said Commiilioners ; that is to fay, that the said Commidioners shall stand and be possessed of all such Refidue upon Truft for all the Parties interested under this Ad, and subject to the further Order and Diredion of the Referees for the time being, and to be divided or otherwise disposed of as they the said Referees for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall thereafter direct or appoint, under or by virtue of and confidently with the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in them.

XXV.	And be it further ena6ted. That for all the Purpofes of this Ad, any Interect, Dividends or Profits which shall be made by the said Truft Monies, shall be invested, and be deemed as Part of the Principal Monies, and shall be applicable and applied accordingly.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Referees for the time being, or any or either of them, or any Umpire to be appointed under this Ad, shall not be accountable or responsible for any Ad, Matter, Deed or Thing done by them or any or either of them Iona Jide in or about the Matters hereby referred to him or them ; nor shall any or either of such Referees or Umpire be in any manner accountable or responsible for the Ads or Deeds or Ad or Deed of the others or other of them.

XXVII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the time being, and the Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators of them, each and every of them respectively, shall be charged and chargeable only for so much Monies as the fame Commissioners respectively shall actually receive by virtue of the Trufts hereby reposed in him and them, and that no one or more of them shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or any or either of them for the Ads, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults of the other or others of them, but each and every of them only and lefpedively for his own Ads, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults respectively, as shall arise from his own Negled or Default; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being, and also for the said Referees for the lime being, to retain, hire and employ any Clerk and Clerks, Book Keeper and Book Keepers, Agent and Agents, or any other Person or Persons whom-soever, to be employed in and about the Execution of the Trusts, Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in them respectively, at such Salary or Wages as the said Commissioners or Referees for the time being respectively shall think proper, and also to dismiss any such Clerks, Book Keepers, Agents or other Persons, when and as it shall seem expedient to them the said Commissioners or Referees refpec-iiveiy; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commif-

fioner*

v^,ck e

C. cx.

AJ). 1813.	53®GEO.	IIL

*37

fioom to make or effect, or cause to be made or effected upon the

(aid Truft Property, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Infuranceor

Infurancet agmroft Lofs or Damage by Fire, Perils of the Seas, or

other Perils or Cafualties whatsoever, as to the Commiflioners for the

time being shall seem expedient, and in all respects to manage fucli

Truft Property in such manner as to them shall seem mod expedient

for the Intereft of all the Parties concerned ; and aifo that it shall Toadj ift aU

and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners for the time being to Claims, &c.

adjjust, fettle, refer to Arbitration, compromise or compound all

Accounts, Reckonings, Claims, Demands, Differences, Actions and

Suits, Tran factions, Matters and Things touching the said Truft

Property, or the Execution of the Trufts hereby reposed in them,

or any wife relating to the Matters and Things herein contained

between them the (aid Commiflioners, or any other Persons or

Person whose respective Claims and Interefts are not hereby referred

to the Referees hereby appointed or between the said John Atkins

the younger, and Ifaac Aldebert, or either of them, their or either

of their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, and any such Perfons

or Person as last aforesaid, as to the said Commiflioners for the time

being shall in their Difcretion seem expedient 5 and also out of the Coramiflioners,

laid Truft Funds to indemnify the (aid John Atkins the elder, Thomas kc* indemnified,

Wilfon% George Wood, Thomas Rower oft, John] Anthony Rucker and

Philip Frederick Behrendr, and also the said John Atkins the younger,

and Ifaac Aldebert respectively, and their and every of their Heirs,

Executors and Adminiftrators, from all Demands, Claims, Suits and A&ions to be made and prosecuted again ft them, or any of them, by any Persons or Person whose respective Claims, Demands or Interefts are not referred to the said Referees hereby appointed, for or in respect of any Matter or Thing relating to the said Power of Attorney, or their or any of their naving joined in granting or having acted under the fame, or for or by reason or means of any other Aft,

Matter or Thing whatsoever, by them or any of them done in relation to any of the Matters and Things mentioned in this Ad at any time heretofore.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That when and as often as Accounts of any Commiffioner shall depart this Life, or be desirous of being dif* Commiflioners charged of and from the aforesaid Trusts, or shall go to reside beyond d*xn*orf ct^t the Seas, or shall refuse or become incapable, or decline to ad in the 10 felt *** (aid Trusts, then and in every such case the Referees for the time

being shall fettle, adjust and allow the Accounts of each such Commiffioner so dying, or desirous of being difebarged, or going to reside beyond the Seas, or refusing or becoming incapable or declining to ad ; and also that the then remaining or continuing or other Commiflioners shall be competent to receive and give Difcharges for the Monies which shall appear to be the Balance of the fame Account, without any Refponfibility in the Person or Persons paying the fame Money to fee to the Application thereof, or to be answerable or accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication of the fame.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commiflion.&c. lawful for the Commiflioners or Commiffioner for the time being t0 Referees.

to retain to and to take, and also to allow to the Referees for the time being, and to any Umpire to be appointed under this Ad, for his and their Services in carrying this Ad and the Trnfts and

3 H 3	Purpofes

C.cx.

•s$

S3‘GEO. IiL	A.D.18T3.	\

Counterfeiting Certificates, &c.

Tranfportution.

Affirmation of Quakers received.

Piirpofes thereof into Execution, and to the said Ifaac AlAebert and John Atkins the younger, for their Services rendered and hereafter to be rendered as Attornies or Agents as aforesaid, and to the said John Atkins the elder, Thomas Wilfon, George Wood, Thomas Ro<w croft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Bthreads, for their Services as such Committee and otherwise as aforesaid, fnch Sum or Sums of Money by way of Commiffion or otherwise, as shall be fixed and ascertained in manner hereinbefore respectively mentioned.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or .Persons whomsoever shall forge or counterfeit or alter with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, with such Intent as aforesaid, or knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, with such Intent as aforesaid, any Certificate or Certificates of any Claim or Claims under this Ad, or the Receipt for any Dividend or Dividends thereon, or any Certificate, Warrant or Order for Payment of any such Dividend, or any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Inftrument for making, transferring or assigning any such Claim or Claims, or for receiving any such Dividend or Dividends as aforesaid, or any At-teftation to any such Letter of Attorney or other Authority or In-flrument; or shall forge or counterfeit or alter, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, with such Intent as aforesaid or Knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, with such Intent as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Claim or any Part thereof, or of any Persons entitled thereto or to any Part thereof, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Inftrument or Authority, or the Name of any Person or Persons to any Atteftation to any Letter of Attorney, Inftrument or Authority, real or pretended, for any of the Purpofes aforesaid ; or shall utter as true any such Transfer, Receipt, Certificate, Letter of Attorney or other Inftrument, knowing the fame, or the Atteftation thereto, to be forged 5 or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such Claim or any Part thereof allowed, transferred, assigned, fold or conveyed, or such Dividend or any Part thereof to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Certificate or Inftrument; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor of any of the said Claims or any Part thereof, and thereby procure or endeavour to procure such Claim to be allowed, and such Certificate to be granted as aforesaid, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive the Money of such true and lawful Owner thereof 5 then and in evary or any such case, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years, or shall be adjudged to suffer such lesser Puniftiment as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried shall think fit to award.

XXXI.	And be it further enadfed, That a solemn Affirmation or Affirmations shall and may be administered to any Person or Persons who shall be of the People commonly called Quakers, in all cases whatsoever where an Oatn or Oaths might by virtue of this Ad be administered to any other Person or Persons; and that every fuch

Affinnation

C. cx—cxiv.

839

A .D. 1813.	530 GEO. III.

Affirmation shall have the fame Force and Effed whatsoever, and all Claufe8, ProviGons, Matter! and Things in this Ad contained relative to the taking of Oaths, and to the giving of false Evidence, and making any false Anfwer, Statement or DepoGtion in any Affidavit or DepoGtion to be sworn, shall extend and be applicable to all such Affirmations, to all Intents and Puipofes whatsoever.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That it any Adion or^Suit Limitation of shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done A&ions.

in pursuance of any of the ProviGons hereinbefore contained, fuch

Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months

next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be

laid in the County of Middlesex or City of London, and not elfe-

where ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adion or

Suit may plead the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special General Iflue.

Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Adion or Suit shall discontinue or

become nonsuit, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or'

them therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have his, her or

their Cofts, with the like remedy for Recovery thereof, as in cases CoRs.

where by Law Cofts are given to the Defendant.

XXXIII.	Saving always to the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, General Saving, his Heirs and Succeffors, all such Claims, Rights and Interefts in

or relating to the Premises, as His Majesty hath at the time of palling this Ad or as He, his Heirs or Succeffors, could or might nave or enjoy in case this Ad had not been passed.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall be Public AA deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being fpeciallv pleaded.

Cap. cxi.

An Ad for the more equal Affeffment of Money presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork ; and for a new Valuation of the said City and Survey of the Liberties thereof; and for other Purpofes relative to Grand Juries.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxii.

An Ad for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; 14G.3.c 29. and for the Enlargement of the Burial Grounds in the Parifli 15 G. 3. c.35. of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and repealed, for other Purpofes relating to the said Parifli. [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Ad for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor; aid x6 G. 2. c. 28. for making a more adequate ProviGon for the Redor, of the 24 G. 2. c. a6. Parifli of Saint Matthew, Bethnal dreen, in the County of 3G.3. c. 40. Middlesex ; and for more effectually lighting, watching, cleanGng *3 G* 3-c-53* and improving the Streets and other public Places of and within the said Parifli.	[3d	June	1813.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Ad for erecting a Church in the Townlhip of Everton, in the Parifli of IValton on the Hill, in the County of Lancafer.

[3d June 1813.]

3 H 4	Cap.

Cap. cxv.

An Ad for establishing and regulating the Market, and for enlarging and improving the Market Place at Hanley, in the County of Stafford.	[3d June 1813.]

52 G. 3. c.i6a repealed as to Parities of Saint George the Martyr, in Southwark, and Saint Bride, in the City of London and King’s Bench, Marftial-sea, and Fleet Prifoiis.

34 G. 3. c. 90. 36 G. 3. c.44. 00 G. 3. c. xviii. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) *• xxiii.

45 G. 3. c. lxx. 49G.3.c.cxxxviiL

35 G. 3. *. 5%.

3*G.3. c.xia

5^^*3.c.xxxvi. 50 ^.3* cclxv.

Cap. cxvi.

An Ad to amend an Ad, pafied in the Fifty second Year of Hit present Majesty, intituled An AS to enable Jujlices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prifoners confined under Mefne Procefi for Debt, in such Gaols as are not County Gaolst so far as regards the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of South-5warky in the County of Surry and the Parifh of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Ad for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Ad for paving and improving the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster ; and for building a New Bridewell in the said Town.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxix.

An Ad to enable the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money to purchase the Shares of the River Kennet Navigation (a), and to amend the several Ads paired for making the laid Canal.	[3d	June 1813.3

[132,000/.]

(a) [1 G. 1. Stat.2. c. 24; PR.—7 G. 1. Stat. 1. r.8. — 3G.2.

*• 3S-]

Cap. cxx.

An Ad for explaining and amending an Ad of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or IJis$ near Abingdon in the County of Beris9 to join the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Trowbridge in the County of Wilts ; and certain Navigable Cuts.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Ad to enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and inclosing Lands in the Pariihes of Abergele, Saint Afaph, Rhydlan, Diferth and Meliden, and the Franchise of Rhyalan, io the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Ad for enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap.

&.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. HI.

C.CXXHi—cxxx*

841

Cap. cxxiii.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His 34 G. 3. (I.) present Majesty for building a Bridge over the River Slaney at *

Wexford.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Aft to amend an A ft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His	^

present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Slaney, at c*2 Ferry Carrig, in the County of Wexford.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Aft for further improving the Communication between the 3a G. 3. c 93. County of Edinburgh and the County of Fifet by the Ferries cross iep«*l®d «to the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County Mar‘/*Se™cnt °f of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntifland in the County of R^^an^Duttes Fife, (b)	[3d	June 1813.] md Building or

repairing lauding

Cap. cxxvi.	Places.

An Aft for providing a Fund for Annuities for Widows of Members of the Incorporation of Bakers of the City of Edinburgh.

[3d June 1813.]

[Scheme to be known by the Name of “ The Widows9 Fund for the Incorporation of Bakers within the City of Edinburgh.”]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Aft for amending an Aft of His present Majetty, for the better 30 G. 3. c.ax. Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford> in the County of Suffolk.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His I3G.3. c.ioi. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from CherrilU through 3*0.3. c.114. Caine, to Studley Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, (c)	[3d	June 1813.]

[Additional Trustees.	Former Tolls repealed\	new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts, for repairing the ao G Road from the City! of Durham to Tyne Bridge in the County *6 g. \\ I of Durham, (a)	[3d	June 1813.] l3 G. 3. ^99!

[Additional Truffces. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of the Ninth and 9 Q. 3> c# Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road 30G.3.C g& from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stonet where the Norwich Road

. joins the Caifler Caufeway, Two Miles and a Half ftiort of the Town of Great Tarmouth. (c)	[3d	June 1813.]

[Additional Truffees.']

Cap.

L. CX1I1---CXXXV1.

53 ulu. ui.

A.1/.I015*

•4*

10 G. 3. e. 70. 33 G-3- c. 164,

repealed.

19 G. a. c. 93. a8 G. 3. c. iia.

33 G. 3. c.180.

34 G.3. c. 124.

11 G. 3. e.87. 3a G.3.C.160.

45 G.3.C.XI.

47 G. 3. Self. x. c. xiii.

50G.3. c.dxxx’11.

Cap, cxxxi.

n Aft for amending the Road from Earl's Kill, in Warrington to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, in the County of Lancaster. (3)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewjbury to Wrexham, and several other Road6 in the Counties of Denbigh, Chester and Flint, so far as relates to the Road in the County of Flint, called The Mold DiJlriEt. (b)

[3d June 1813.I

'[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Sunday Tolls.]

[See 25 G. 2. c. 22.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Neat Enjlone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bicejler to Wejlon on the Green, io the County of Oxford, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, (r)	[3d	June	1813.]

[AdditionalTruJlees• Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to a Place called Edenjield, in the Parifh of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, (b)	[3d	June	1813.]

[.Additional Trujlees,	Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head and from Bucknall to Wejlon Coyney, in the County of Stafford; and also for altering and repairing the Road from Addtrley Green to Lane End, in the fame County, (a)	[3d	June	1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for affefiing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Rofs, towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein ; and of an Aft paffea in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Rofs and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally

fituated

C. cxxxvi—cxliv.

«43

j, A.D.1813.	53*	GEO. UI.

fituated in the County of Rofs ; and of an Aft passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging ,	the Powers of the Two firlt mentioned Aft*. [3d June 1813.J

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road* from Maidenhead Bridge to Reacting, and

. from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks y fo

I	far as relates to the Third DtjlriQ of the said Roads.

[3d June 1813.]

J [.Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday. For Term under former

Aa.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Aft for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, deceased, inTruftees to be fold, and for layinff out the Mooey to arise by such Sale in the Purchafe of other Efiftes, to be fettled under the Direftion of the Court of Chancery to the fame Ufes. (q.P.)	[3d	June 1813.}

Cap. cxxxix.

An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Bifhoprick of Worcester for Lands belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worccjler, in the County of Worcester. (a. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxl.

An Aft for effecting the Sale of certain Parts of the Eftates devised 49G.3

by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased ; and for laying ,c*l*x»iiw

out the Money arising by such Sales, together with the clear

Money produced by the Sale of certain otner Parts of the faid

Estates, directed to be fold by an Aft passed in the Forty ninth

Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, in the Purcnafe of

other Estates, and for settling the fame to the like Ufe*. (q. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxli.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in Dundraw, in the County of Cumber-

^ land. (q P.)	[3d	June 1813.]

“ Allotment* and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19, 20.

Cap. cxlii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of FeltwelU in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Cltrowf in the County of Radnor, and extinguilhing VicarialTithes in the said Parifh. (q.P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifti of Turwfflon, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P*)	[3d	June 1813.3

II	Allotment and Compenlation for Tithes, $ 18.

Cap.

46 g.

3. c.

<*lv.

*44

C.cxlv—cliv.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813-

5* G. 3. c.16.

PR.

Cap. cxlr.

An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of IVbit well, in the County of Derby. (q. P.)	[3d June	1813.J

Cap. cxlvi.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Pariih of Whitney 9 in the County of Hereford, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cxlvii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Stockton, in the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[3d	June X813.3

u Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes, $ 28,29, 30.

Cap. cxlviii.

An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Downton, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cxlix.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in Llandyrnog and Llangwyfan, in the County of Denbigh. (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cl.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Cafcoby and Townfhips of Ednol and Kinnerton, in the County of Radnor. fq. P.)

[3d June 1813.3

u Allotment to His Majesty, § 22.

Cap. cli.

An A ft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Aughton in the Parifh of Aughton9 in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.)

[3d June 1813.3

11 Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 27.

Cap. clii.

An Aft for amending an Aft of His present Majesty for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Milborne Port9 in the County of Somerset j and for transferring Borough Rights from certain Lands in the fame Parifh to other Lands therein, the better to effeftuate such Inclofure. (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cliii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Kirkbur• tony in the County of York. (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 23. No Leafe of “ Lands by Vicar of Kirkburton without the Confent of His Majesty t( and his Heirs, as Patrons of the Vicarage, § 24.

Cap. cliv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Spalfordand Wigtlejy.

in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.]

<c Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19.

Cap.

A.D. i8i3-

sr geo. in.

C.dv—clxi.

Cap. civ.

An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the South 45 G. 3. c. exit London Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money*, and to alter and amend the Power* of an Ad pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of Hi* present Majesty, for making the (aid Water Works.

£l2d June 1813.3

• [£ 80,000]

Cap. clvi.

•	8 Ann

An Ad to authorize the Advancement of a certain Sum of Money 3 g.°i! VoLiv

for carryiog into Effcd the several Ad* for the Improvement of p. 39a.

the Port and Town of Liverpool, and to amend the laid Ad*. 11 G. a. c. 3a.

[22d June 1813.]

[Lords of the Treasury may advance iC6o,ooo.]

Cap. dviL

An Ad for further improving the Harbour of Aberdeen.

[2ad June 1813.] 37 G.3. c.'ioi. [For like Period as 50 G. 3 ]	5°G.3.	c.lxx.

Cap. dviii.

An Ad for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Wexford.	34 G. 3. (I.)

[22d June 1813.]

[For Thirty one Tears, &c. Rates and Duties upon Ships and Vejfels, Boats, Smacks, Cotsv Gabbards, Lighters and Wherries and upon Ballafl, to cease and determine, and new Rates and Duties granted.]

39 G. 3-c.liz. 51 G. 3. C'Cxiiti.

13 G. 3. c.29. G.3.C.4I.

Cap. clix.

An Ad for inclosing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Land* See 51 G. 3. in the Lordfhip of North Kelfey, in the County of Lincoln. c- cxxijL

[22d June 1813.]

€t No Leafe to be granted by the Redor of Saint Mary South €t Kelfey with Saint Nicholas South Kelfey without Confent of The <c King aud Philip Shipworth Esquire, a* Patrons of the said u Redory.

Cap. clx.

An Ad for enlarging the Power* of Two Ad* of His present 36 G. 3. c.99. Majesty, for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and 4iG.3.(U.K.) Grounds in the Parifhe* or Townfhips of Everton, Scafiworth, c# cxxxru Gringley on the Hill, Miflerton and Walkeringbam, in the County of Nottingham.	Qazd	June	1813.]

Cap. clxi.

An Ad for the more effectually draining and improving Lands See 51G 3. within the Level of Hatjitld Chace, and Part* adjacent, in the c. xxx. Counties of Tort, Lincoln and Nottingham.	[22d June	1813.]

Cap.

846	C. clxii—clxviii.	533 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813*

Cap. cbtii.

An Ad for better assessing and colleding the Poor and other Rates, in the Pariih of Saint Giles Camierivcll, in the County of Surryt and regulating the Affairs thereof; for repairing or rebuilding the Parifh Workhause, and purchasing Ground for a Cemetry; and for other Purpofcs relating thereto.	[22d	June 1813.]

Cap. clxiii.

G. 3. c. :3. An Ad for altering and amending Two several Ads of the Thirty 46 G. 3. c. xc. fifth and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex,	[22d June	1813.]

Cap. clxiv.-

An Ad for paving, widening, cleansing, watching, lighting and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the Borough of Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftrudions therein.

[22d June 1813 ]

7	G. 1. Suit. 1. c. 26.

8	G.2.C.8.

29 G.2. c. 88.

23 G. 3. c. no 48 G.3.C. c.

Cap. clxvi.

An Ad for veiling Part of the fettled Eftates of Sir Charles Knighlley Baronet, which were devised by the Will of Lucy Knigbtley Esquire, in Trustees, to be fold: and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Ufes; and for other Pur-pofes. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap• clxv.

An Ad for altering and amending several Ads for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Iflingtont to the Edgcware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex,	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxvii.

An Ad for vetting certain detached fettled Eftates late of William Whittaker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the fame; and to lay out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxviii.

23 G. 2. c. 18.	An Ad for repealing so much of Two several Ads, palled in the

PR.	Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

32 G. 3. c.39.	George the Second, and the Thirty second Year of the Reign of

*****	His present Majesty, as are contrary to the Provifion9 contained in

the Will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, or the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill Efquire with the Lady Maria Walpole, (q. P.)	.	[22d June 1813.]

Cap.

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. Ill

C. clxix—clxxvi.

847

Cap. clxix.

An Aft for vetting certain Ettates devised by the Will of James Harrifon Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chefier, or one of them, in Trustees, to be fold purfuaut to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. cixx.

An Aft for vetting Part of the fettled Ettates of Thomas John Phillips, of Newport House in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, an Infant, in Trustees, to be fold; and for investing the clear Monies thence anting, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxi.

An Aft for vetting Part of the Settled Ettates of Edward William Ley borne Popham Esquire, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for investing the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Ettates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of East Bedfont with Hatton, in the Parifti of East Bedfonty in the County of .  Middlesex. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Townfhip of Undermilbeckt in the Parifhes of Windermere and Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wejlmoreland. (q. P.)	[22d	June	1813.]

w Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, j 24.

Cap. clxxiv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of IJleworth, Hejlon and Twickenhamy in the Manor of IJleworth Syont in the County of .  Middlesex. (q.P.)	[22d	June	1813.]

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, $ 29. Allotment to His Majessy, § 45.

Cap. Ixxv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in Burghwallis, in the County of Tork, (q.P.)	£a2d	June	1813*3

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, {17.

Cap. clxxvi.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Parifhes of Caine, Caljlonc Wellington and Blackland, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 26.

Cap.

47 O. 3. SeflC a. c. ci. in part repealed.

L-ooq le

M

C. clxxvii—clxxxiv.	53° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1813

Cap. clxxvii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhips of Crowle, Eajloft and Ealand, in the Parifh of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the West Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 22. 24. 45.

4 Cap. clxxviii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Winterbourne Monckton9 in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, {22, 23. No Leafe $t of Lands by Vicar of Winterbourne Monckton, without Confent of “ His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as Patrons of the said u Vicarage.

Cap. clxxix.

An Aft for securing to James Lee, and the Public, the Benefit of his Invention of certain new Methods of preparing Hemp and Flax, by enabling him to lodge the Specification under certain Reftriftions.	[2d	July 1813.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Aft for erecting a new Gaol, House of Correction, and Penitentiary House, in the Borough of Tewkefbury, in the County of Gloucester.	[2d	July	1813.]

Cap. clxxxi. •

aj C.3. c.38. An A ft for altering and amending an Aftanade in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation.

[2d July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Wilts and Berks Canal, in the Parifh of Swindon, in the County of Wilts, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parifh of Latton, in the fame County.	[2d	July	1813.]

\The Company of Proprietors of the North Wilts Canal Navigation, incorporated.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Aft for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Bury% Loughor and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthan and Glamorgan.	[2d July	1813.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Aft for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River 7lames, at the Precinft of the Savoy, or near thereunto 5 and

making

C.clxxxiv.

A.D.1813.

53- GEO. in.

8-ip*

making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry.	[2d	July	1813.]

HE REAS an Aft was parted in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G.3. c. 191.

*	their Succeflors were incorporated into a Company by the Name 4 and Style of 44 The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge”

4 and were thereby empowered to build the said Bridge, and to

4 make and maintain certain Roads therein described ; and the faid	§a.

4 Company were thereby authorized to raise among themselves, for ‘ the Purpofes of the said Aft, in such Proportions as they should 4 think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the € whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds ; and in case the § 6.

4 fame should be found inefficient for the Purpofes aforesaid, the 4 said Company were also authorized to raise any further Sum of

*	Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, in manner

4 therein mentioned:	And whereas the said Company have in

4 pursuance of the Provifions of the said Ad, inverted the Sum 4 of Fifty thousand Pounds in the Purchafe of Reduced Bank An-

*	unities, in the Names of the Trustees therein mentioned, and have

*	proceeded in the Execution of the said Bridge : And whereas it

*	will be expedient that the Accefs or Avenue to the said Bridge,

4 from the Strand in the County of Middlesex, authorized to be 4 made by the said Ad, should be varied and altered, and that the

*	faid Accefs or Avenue should be made more convenient, and thae 4 some of the Powers and Provifions of the said Ad should be

*	amended, altered and enlarged :* May it therefore please Your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enadcd by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of trie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall Company may and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to alter Accefs to vary and alter the Accefs or Approach to the North Foot of the Br,dSe and said Bridge from the Strand, in the said County of Middle[ex, in	*>re"

manner described and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinafter mentioned ; and also to take and purchase certain Premifes mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, for the

Purpofes of the said recited A6t and of this Aft.

* II. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing and delineating 4 the intended Alterations in the said Accefs or Approach, and the

*	Premife6 mentioned and described in the said Schedule and

*	Books of Reference, containing a Lilt of the Owners or reputed 4 Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Premifes to be taken and

*	ufed by virtue of this Aft, have been depolited with the Clerks

*	of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry lefpeftively

Be it therefore enacted. That the said Maps or Plans and Books Maps, See. r» of Reference shall remain in the Cuftody of the said Clerks of the regain m Peace, to the end that all Persons interested therein may, at all Cuftody of seasonable times, have Liberty to inspect ^nd peruse the fame, Clerk of Peace, and take Copies or Extra&s thereof at their Will and Pleasure,

V V Reign of Hi9 present Majesty, intituled An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinft of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore9 and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate

4

4

4

4

therewith, in the County of Surry, whereby certain Persons and $ i.

53 Geo. III.

31

paying

Fee.

Provifo far Mistakes in Books of Reference.

4*) C. 3. c.cxci. §58.

in part repealed.

Company re-drained to 70 Feet in Width for Road?, except in certain cases.

Power to raise *00,0001. additional.

Powei to raise Money by Mortgage.

paying to such Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Infpedlion, and after the Rate of Six pence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Book of Reference.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to make and con-(Irudl the said Accefs or Approach, and may purchase and take Poflefiion, for the Purpofes of the said recited Adi and this Adi* of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Adi annexed* notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Persons shall, or may have been omitted or incorredlly mentioned or spelt in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices. of the Peace of the County in which such Premifes are fituate* and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omiffion or incorredl Description proceeded from Miftake.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Adi as provide* that it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to retain any Lands or Grounds to be taken for the Purpofes of the said Adi exceeding the Breadth of Twenty Yards, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further enadlcd, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to retain any Lands or Grounds for the Purpofes of the said recited Adi and this Adi, exceeding Seventy Feet in Breadth, except for making and conftrudling the Accefs and Approach to the laid Bridge, and immediately contiguous to the North Abutment thereof, as laid down and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinbefore mentioned ; and also except as to the several Places where the said Roads, by the said recited Adi authorized to be made, shall join or unite with other Roads or Streets, or with each other.

VI.	And be it further enadlcd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they or their Committee shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, in Addition to the Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Adi, eitlier among themselves the said Company, or by the Admiflion of new* Subfcribers 5. and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fubferibing towards railing such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself, herself or themselves, or his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, in respect of every Share of the said additional Sum hereby authorized to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeiture, and (land interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to such Sum as he, (he or they may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Proprietors of Shares in the present Capital Stock of the said Company.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee to raise all or any Part of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, hereby authorized to be raised, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, in manner by the said recited Adi provided in

refpedl

A.D. 18I3.	530 GEO. HI-	C.	clxxthr.	$5t

*efpe& of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be railed.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That in case the said Company Company en-or their Committee shall think it more advifeable and proper to raise *Med to wife the several Sums of Money anthorized to be railed by the said Monfy liy recited A& and this A6fc or any Part or Parts thereof, by granting Annuities payable out of the Rates and Tolls and other Revenue,

then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise any such Sum, by the granting of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, to or for the Ufe of the Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance or pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treafurers to the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchafe of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or for or during the natural Life of any such Contributor, or such other Person as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor, at the time of Payment of his or her Contribution and Purchafe Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorlhip ; and the said Company are hereby authorized and empowered to grant all and every such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased as aforesaid, out of the Rates and Tolls or other Revenue of the said Undertaking, to the Person or Persons who shall agree to purchase the fame, or to his, her or their Truftee or Trultees.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the Grant of every such Annuity as aforesaid shall be by Deed, under the Common Seal of the said Company, and may be according to the Form, or to the £ffe& following ; that is to fay,

*	TXfE, the Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, in Form of Grant

*	Confideration of the Sum of	of Annuity.

‘ to us paid by A. B. of	#	[or,	if

*	intended to be granted with Benefit of Survivorlhip, by E. F.

4 G. ff. &c.] do hereby by virtue of an Adi of Parliament palled iii 4 the Fifty third Year ot the Reign of King George the Third,

*	intituled [-here insert the Title of this AS'], grant unto the said 4 A. B. and his [or, her] Afiigns [or, if by Survivorlhip, unto the 4 said E. F. G. H. &c. and to the Survivors and Survivor of them]

*	One Annuity or Yearly Sum of	\o be ifluing

*	out of all and Angular the Rates and Tolls arising by virtue of an

*	A6t of Parliament made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His said Majesty, intituled [fet forth the Title of the said recited 4 AS], and also the said first mentioned A6t, and of all other the 4 Revenue of the said Company, To hold unto the said A. B. his

*	[or, her] Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, for the Term

4 of	Years [or, as the case may be], To hold unto

4 the said A. B. and his [or, her] Afiigns, during his [or, her]

*	natural Life, or. To hold unto the said A. B. his [or, her] Exe-

*	cutors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, for and during the natural Life 4 of C» D. or, if by Survivorlhip, unto and amongst them the said 4 E. F. G. H. &c. and the Survivors and Survivor of them] y 4 and such Annuity or Yearly Sum shall be paid and payable at

*	upon	the	Day	of

€	yearly, and the First Payment thereof to be made on the

3 I 2	*	Day

o.cixxxm

53° uj&u. iu.

A.D.1813.

«

■ Seal, thU

Day of

• Given under our Common in the Year of our

Day of

*	Lord One thousand eight hundred and	•*

And any such Grant shall be good, valid and effie&ual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, without any Inrolment or Regiftry of the Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery or elsewhere, except as hereinafter mentioned ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding ; and all the Grantees of such Annuities shall be equally entitled one with another, and with the Pcrfons to whom any Money shall be due on any Mortgage df the said Undertaking, to the Rates and Property thereby assigned in Proportion to the Intereft of the Sum or Sums for which such Annuities shall have been granted, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or on any account whatsoever ; and an Entry or Memorial of every such Grant of Annuity, containing the Date thereof, and an account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties to whom the fame shall have been made, with their respective proper Additions, and of the Consideration of such Grant, and of the Annuity granted, and the Duration thereof, shall within Twenty one Days next after the Date thereof be written and inserted in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the said Company ; and all and every Person and Pcrfons to whom any such Grant shall have been made, or who shall be entitled to the Annuity thereby Secured, may from time to time assign or transfer his, her or their Right and Title therein, to any Person or Pcrfons, in the Form or to the Effect following ; that is to fay,

*	T A. B, of	in	Con-

4 *■* fideration of the Sum of	to

4 me paid by [Z). of	]	do hereby transfer unto the

*	faid D. a certain Grant made by the Company of Proprietors of

4 the Strand Bridge, bearing Date the	Day	of

4	of an Annuity of

4	payable	[here insert the Duration of the Annuity ], and all

4 my Right, Title and Interect: in and to the said Annuity thereby 4 Secured, To hold the fame unto the said C. D. his [or, her] Exe-4 cutors, Adminiftrators and Afligns. In Witnefs whereof I have 4 hereunto Tet my Hand and Seal this	Day	of

4	in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall, within Twenty one Days after th* Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Company, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the said Book, containing the Date and Names of th^ Parties, and the Annuities thereby transferred ; for which Entry such Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more ; and after such Entry made every such Aflignmcnt shall entitle such Affignee or Affignees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Aftigns, to the full Benefit of the original Grant; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer, at any time afterwards to make void* release or discharge the said Annuity, or any Part thereof; and the

faid

C. clxxxiv.

530 GEO. III.

said Annuities, so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid to the several Persons entitled thereto in Preference to any Intereft or Dividends due and payable by virtue of the said recited A6fc-to the aid Company.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they or their Committee, shall think it meet and expedient, to borrow the Whole of the Remainder of the Sums authorized to be raised in and by the said recited A& and this A£t, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promiffory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, which Notes shall be made payable in such manner, and at such time or times, and with such legal Rate of Interect, as the said Committee shall think proper; and all such Notes shall be made either with or without a Power in the respective Holders thereof, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One Hundred Pounds in the said Undertaking in lieu cf every One hundred Pounds of the Principal Money by such several Promiffory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Committee for the time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon 5 which Principal Sums so borrowed, and the Intereft thereof, shall be deemed a Lien upon the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said recited and this A6f, and be paid and discharged in the like manner as Money raised on Mortgage under the said recited Adi and the Intereft thereof are directed by the said A& to be paid and discharged: Provided always, that no Person shall in any case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking in lieu of a less Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds advanced on the Security of such Notes; and the Terms and Particulars upon which the rcfpe&ive Holders of such Notes shall be entitled to such Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, shall be fully expressed and fet forth in the said several and rcfpe&ive Notes.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall deem it expedient, out of any Funds of the said Company or otherwise, to buy up any Shares which may be offered for Sale by any of the said Proprietors, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, either to direct that any such Share so bought shall merge in the said Undertaking, or that the fame shall be transferred to the Chief Clerk of the laid Company, or such other Person or Persons they may appoint in Truft for the said Company, and such Shares may in such case at any time thereafter be sold for the Benefit of the said Company, and for the railing of any Sum of Money which may be wanted for the Purpofe of carrying the said recited A6t or this A& into Execution.

. XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Company, to accept and take any Number of such Shares as shall be fold at a less Sum than One Hundred Pounds fler Share, in Proportion to the Number of Original Shares holden by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or

i I 3	Col-

*53

f

Power to wife Money on Pro-miflory Notes.

Frovifo

Money may be applied in buying up Shaiet.

Difpofal of Shares.

*54

G\ clxxxiv.

Sy UEU. ill.

A.D.1813.

Power to fell

unappropriated Shares at such Price as Company may think proper.

Payment of I11-tereft on Calls authorized#

49 G.3. ccxci. * Ji-

1

|6z#

Collegiate, as he, (he or they shall think proper, within Twenty one Days after Notice shall have been given in any Two or more of the London Newfpapers, or in such other manner as the said Committee shall think proper, of the Intention to dispose of such Shires in manner aforesaid ; and in Default thereof, after the Expiration of the said time, any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, who shall make Application for any such Shares at the Place, and within the Period to be limited and appointed by the said Committee for that Purpose, shall be entitled to any Number of such Shares at such Rate or Value as shall be fixed by the said Committee pursuant to the Power hereinbefore given for that Purpofe ; and in case any such Share or Shares shall remain undisposed of after such Period, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee to fell or dispose of the lame to any Person or Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in such manner and at such price or Prices as they shall think proper and expedient.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the said Company to dispose of such of the Shares authorized to be created in and by the said recited Aft as now remain unfold or unappropriated, and also the Shares authorized to be created by this Aft, or such Part or Parts thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for such Price and Prices per Share, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Committee shall from time to time think proper.

‘ XIV. And whereas the Committee of the said Company have,

‘ with the Approbation and Confent of the said Company, paid to

*	the several Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking Intereft

*	after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the 4 several Sums of Money which have been paid from time to time

*	upon their respective Shares by virtue of the Calls of the said Com.

*	mittce fer and towards the Execution of the said Undertaking ;* Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee to continue the Payment of the said Intereft by Half yearly Dividends as heretofore, and such Intereft or Dividends heretofore paid shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company 5 and the said Intereft or Dividends to be henceforth paid shall be paid out of the Capital Stock of the said Company; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

1 XV. And whereas by the said recited Aft it was enacted, That

*	it should be lawful for the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jefut 4 Coliege, of Queen Elizabeth** Foundation, within the City and

*	Univerfity of Oxford, to contraft for, fell and dispose of the whole 4 of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land then in tne Occupation of 4 John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, and comprized in the

*	Schedule to the (aid Aft annexed, and thereupon to grant, 4 convey and assign the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Fee

*	Simple and Inheritance thereof, under their Common Seal, unto and 4 to the Ufe of the said Company of Proprietors and their Succeftors, 4 and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized and

*	empowered to purchase and take the fame Piece or Parcel of Land :

*	And whereas the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars were entitled

11	*	under

C. clxxxir.

*	under the Provifions of the said recited A A, together with all other ' Persons from whom any Lands should be purchased by the faid

* Company of Proprietors, to have the first Right of repurchafing

* any Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land a9 should not be

*	wanted by the said Company for the Purpofes of the said Ad :

*	And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are prevented by ‘ other Provifions in the said recited Ad from making such Offer

*	of Refale to the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars, in refpe6t of

*	a great Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land which will not f be wanted for the Purpofes of the said Ad, so that the Repurchafe

*	of the Refidue of such Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land

*	which will not be wanted as aforesaid will be of very small Ad-

*	vantage to the said Principal, Fellows and ScholarsBe it there- Compenfation to fore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and ke to Jeiii* they are hereby required to make Compenfation to the said Principal, ColleSe Oxford* Fellows and Scholars, within One Calendar Month after the paffing

of this Ad, in respect of such Right to repurchafe such Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land which will not be wanted as aforesaid, and of which the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars have been deprived as aforesaid; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Principal, Fellows and Scholars shall not agree as to the Amount of such Compenfation within Seven Days after the paifing of this Ad, the fame shall be assessed by a Jury, to be lummoned in manner by the said recited Ad directed in cases where Juries are required to be summoned to assess the Value of Lands,

Grounds and rremifes to be taken and used for the Purpofes of the said recited Ad.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That when the Sum of Fifty 50,0001. depo-thoufand Pounds, invested in the Names of Trustees as aforesaid, fitedinBank, and the Accumulations and Intereft thereof, shall be transferred

to the said Company of Proprietors in pursuance of the said recited transferred, ?p-Ad, the fame, or a competent Part thereof, shall be forthwith plied in finilhing applied in finishing and completing the said intended Bridge; and Bridge before no Part thereof shall be laid out or expended in the making of any Pnrt ex* Roads or Avenues to the said intended Bridge, or in the Purchafe PandedonRoads* of Houses, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpofe or otherwise howsoever, until and unless the said intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, shall be fully completed and fini(hcd.

XVII.	And whereas, for facilitating the Completion of the said intended Bridge, it may be expedient to place Three Centres under

the Arches or intended Arches thereof at the fame time; Be it o. 3. c. cxci. therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad § 41. in part as extends, or may be construed to extend to prevent the said repealed. Company of Proprietors from erecting and placing more than Two Centres at one time under the intended Arches of the said Bridge, while the fame shall be building, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Not more than said Company of Proprietors shall not ered or place more than Three Centres Three Centres at one time under the Arches or intended Arches at wie

of the said Bridge, while the fame shall be building, and shall not “m## begin to ered any other Centre until one of the said Centres shall be entirely removed, so that there shall not be at any one time more than

3 I 4	Three

Penalties.

Company autho-riftd to open Bridge for Paf. fencers asfocn m Arches are turned and Cen« tres removed.

In case Land purchased by Company shall not he used, Company to relell to City of London.

Three Centres or Parts of Centres (landing, being or remaining under the Arches or intended Arches of the said Bridge ; and in case more than Three Centres or Parts of Centres shall be (landing or remaining at the fame time, the Lord Mayor for the time being of the City of London shall have such and the fame Power of removing the fame ; and the Expencea of such Removal, and such and the fame Penalties, shall be paid and recovered in like manner as are expressed in the said recited Ati in case more than Two Centres or Parts of Centres should be (landing or remaining at the fame time.

4 XIX. And whereas it will tend to the Convenience of the * Public if the said Company of Proprietors have Power to open the 4 said intended Bridge for Paffengers before the fame shall be fully 4 completed Be it therefore further enabled, That when and so soon as all the Arches or intended Arches of the said intended Bridge shall be fccurely turned, and all the Centres used in buildiug the fame entirely removed, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to make and open a Paflage for Paffengers over the Works of the said intended Bridge, notwitn-ilading the Parapets and other Parts of the said Bridge shall not be made or finidied, and to demand and receive the Tolls in and by the said recited Ad authorized to be taken and received from Paffengers eroding the said Bridge ; and such Tolls shall be applicable and be applied and disposed of in the fame manner as the Tolls authorized by the said recited Adt to be taken and received upon the said Bridge, are thereby directed to be applied and disposed of.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Land or other Hereditaments purchased by the said Company of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by vittue of the said recited Adi, or any Part thereof, shall not be used for a public Road or Way, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby empowered and required at the Requeft of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but at the Cods and Charges of the said Company, by an Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and reconvey to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by way of absolute Sale, such Land or such Part of such Land and Hereditaments so purchased, as shall not be so used as aforesaid, for such Price or Sum of Money as (if no Part of the said Land so purchased shall be used as aforesaid) (hail be equal to the Sum paid by the said Company for the Puichafe thereof; but, if Part of such Land and Hereditaments so purchased shall have been used as aforesaid, for such Pi ice or Sum of Money as shall bear the fame Proportion to the ivlvole Purchafe Money paid by the said Company for the Purcliafe of the Land, Part of which shall be used as aforesaid, as the Part of such Land which shall not be used shall bear in Quantity to the whole of such Land ; and in case of any Difference or Difpute, the fame to be adjuded and fettled by a Jury ; and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effetlual; and that upon Payment of the Sum or Sums to be paid to the said Company of Propriety's for such Reconveyances of Land as last aforesaid, it (hull and may be lawful for the Treafurcr or Treafurers for the time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame shall be fold, which

Receipts

clxXXlT.

*57

AJD.1813.	53* GEO. III.

Receipts shall be sufficient Difcharges to ‘any Person or Persons for the Purchafe Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall be fold, • or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received 5 and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication or Nonapplication of such Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Ad contained shall extend or be deemed or con ft rued to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to (lop up or ob-ftrud a certain Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the said Pari Hi of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surry.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to enable the said Company of Proprietors to ered any Buildings whatsoever except Toll Houfes on the said Bridge and Roads.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, after giving Tweuty one Days Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be erected upon the said Bridge and Roads, and ad-vertifing the fame Twice at least in some Newlpaper publiftied or circulated in the City of LonJon9 from time to time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by the said recited A d and this Ad, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years, at any one time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such times and under such Covenants as the said Company, or their Committees, shall think fit, they the f»id Company having a Counterpart of such Leafe or Leases, Demife or Demises, and taking such other sufficient Security from the Person or Persons, to whom any such Tolls shall be leafed or demised, for Payment of the Rents, and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprized in such Leafe or Leases, Demife or Demises, as the said Company or their Committee shall think fit.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as there shall be erected, on any Part of the Ground or Soil upon which any Mefluages or Tenements were built, and which have been pulled down in pursuance of the said recited Ad or this Ad, situate within the Parifh of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlefexy MefTuages or Tenements, or other Buildings liable to be rated to the Land Tax, and Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, Watch and Poors Rates, or any of them, within the laid Parilh, or for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Redor and Officers of the Church of the fame Parifh, then and from thenceforth the said Parifh of Saint Mary le Strand shall not any longer be entitled to receive the Compenfation mentioned and directed by the said recited Ad for Deficiencies in the Produce of the said Rates or Sums of Money, by reason of the pulling down the Houfes and making the Alterations in pursuance of the said recited Ad and this Ad without first allowing thereunto, and the said Parifh is hereby required to allow thereout, against such Amount of Deficiencies the Amount of the Rates and Sums of Money which such newly erected Mefluages or Buildings shall be re-fpedively liable to; any thing in the said recited Ad to the coiurary oot with (landing.

4 XXV. And

Company not to obstruct Narrow Wall.

Company not to

build except Toll Houles.

Power to leafs Tolls.

ProvUion at to Rates of St. Mary le Strand.

49 G. 3. c.cxd.

§

c. cixxxiv.

SZ'UEAJ. ill.

49 G.3. c. cxcl

§88.

Dlftance from Somerset House Buildings*

Tolls on New Roads.

Landing Places.

49 G. 3. c. cxci. § 108. in part repealed.

49 G. 3. c. cxci. § 79 in pan repealed.

Expences of Juries, and Ver-dills, how a (certain ed«

Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Pur-chafes to be paid by Company.

c;. cixxxiv.	53*01uaj. hl	a.d. 1813

4 XXV. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Provifion in c the said recited Ad in respect of the Diftance to be preferved

*	between the said Bridge and Road or Way to be used as an

*	Approach from the said Bridge to the Strand, and the Outiide

*	Walls of the Houfes or Buildings forming the West Side of

*	Somerfet House, or the Buildings and Premifes thereunto belonging,

*	and for removing the fame ;9 Be it further enacted, That the Parapet Wall on the East Side of the said Bridge,' and the said Road or Way, shall not be nearer than Sixty Feet to the said Outfide Walla of the (aid Houfes and Buildings, such Sixty Feet to be measured as directed by the said recited Ad.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may demand and take upon the Roads mentioned in the said Ad, the several Tolls mentioned and authorized to be taken and demanded by the said Ad, for and during the Term and in the manner mentioned and authorized in respect of Tolls to be taken upon the said Bridge, and that such Tolls shall be applied and disposed of in manner in the said Ad mentioned, in respect of the Tolls to be taken on the said Bridge.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to make and conftrud Two Stone Stairs or Plying Places at each End of the said Bridge.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad as extends to exempt any free Burgefs of Lancaster from the Payment of the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said recited Ad and this Ad, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Ad as provides that the Expences of impannelling and returning Juries and taking Verdids for the Purpole of affefling the Value of Lands, Grounds, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, to be taken or used for the Purpofes of the said recited Ad and this Ad, or the Compenfation for Goodwill, or for any other Injury or Damage that may affect any Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, shall be fettled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Surry (where such Verdids were taken, as the case may happen to be), shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That the Cofts and Expences of impannelling any Jury, and taking any Verdid in pursuance of the Proviiions of the said recited Ad and this Ad, shall be fettled and determined by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff or Coroner, before whom such Verdid shall have been given, and such Sheriff, Under Sheriff or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to examine and fettle the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That, where by reason of any Difability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be pur-chafed under the Authority of the said recited Ad or this Ad, the Purchafe Money shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pursuance of the said recited Ad, the said Court may in its Difcretion order

the

C. dnxhr.

A<D>i8iji	$3*	GEO.	III.

8 S9

the Expencet of all Parch a fe 8 from time to time to be made in pur-

fuance of the said Ad and this Ad, together with the neceflary

Cofts and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the faid

Company of Proprietors, or their Diredors, the fame being firft

taxed by a Matter of the said Court, and the Proviiions of the

said recited Ad in relation thereto shall be, and the fame are hereby 49 <>• 3« c. cxci.

repealed.	$ 98. repealed.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Additional Com-Steward of Wejhninfter for the time being, the Very Reverend the mUfioner* ap. Dean of Westminster for the time being, the Right Honourable pointed. Charles Seymour Conway commonly called Earl of Yarmouth, Sir

Thomas Sutton Baronet, William Congreve, Henry Swann, Benjamin Bloomfield, John Kingflon, William Ray ley, Edward Bilke, Hylton Jolijfe and Arthur Onflow, Serjeant at Law, shall and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for executing the several Powers in and by the said recited Ad specially provided and directed to be executed, in addition to the Commifiioners nominated and appointed by the said recited Ad ; and the said Commifiioners hereby nominated shall be and they are hereby in vetted with all the Fundions, Powers and Authorities by the said recited Ad given to the said Com-mifiioners therein mentioned, and shall be subject to all the Rett ridions, Clauses, Provifoes and Enadments in the said recited Ad contained in relation to the said Commifiioners.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said recited Ad, Provtfionsof and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, f<*mer Ad ex-Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things tend€ti 10 whatsoever therein contained, so far as the fame are not hereby

repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend to operate and be in full Force and Effed, with respect to the Roads mentioned and described in the said recited Ad, and with respect to the Accefs or Approach to be made on the North End of the said Bridge; and alto with respect to the Premifes mentioned and contained in the Schedule to this Ad, as to other Matters and Things to* be done, or which may arise in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and were made Part thereof; and the recited Ad and this Ad shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever (except as aforesaid) be construed a9 one Ad.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall be PubficAd, deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially

taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHE-

*6a

C. clxxxir—clxxxvl.

A.D. 1813

S3

°GEO. m.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

Van'll  and  Counts	j Number 1 on 1 Plan.	Defeript ion of Premifes.	Owner of Lands	Owner of Buildings.			  Occupier.

\  *	12	Shed . . J	His Majesty* by right of the Duchy	His Majefty" by right of the Duchy k	Jofeph Pegram.

li		I	ofLancafter	ofLancafter	

	*3	Timber Yard	Do.	Do.	Do.

^ * ^ CO	14I	Do. andWorkfhop	Do.	Do.	Do.

	>5	Timber Yard	Do.	Do.	Edw.Arglesdc Co.

0 ^	j6	Stable	Do.	Do.	Wiifon.

P-1	ll	Stable	Do.	Do.	Edw. Argles & Co.

	18	Yard	Do.	Do.	Do.

u	J9	Sutling Houfe	Do.	Do.	Hannah Jennins.

~ -C	20	Barracks	Do.	Do.	

U	21	Roadway to Yard	Do.	Do.	

CO —	22	Timber Yard	Do.	Do.	Edw. Argles & Co.

1  ^ 1	23	Yard	Do.	Do.	Wiifon.

	24	PaflTage into Strand	Do.	Do.	

« X I  -3 >	29	Dwelling House -	Do.	Do.	D. Egg.

& =	30	Do. Do. -	Do.	Do.	G. Yonge.

C	31	Do. Do. -	Do.	Do.	Thos. Alexander.

’ re  co	3 2	Do. Do. -	Do.	Do.	Wiifon.

	33	The Strand			

- i	15. B.	River Thames			

o3					

-0  E					

				Ann Mallett	

rl  ri	108	Houfe and Yard -	Ann Mallett		Empty.

4J  II y					

Cap. clxxxv.

An Aft for indosing, lighting and improving Fit % william Square, in the County of the City of Dublin.	[ad July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxvi.

9G.3. c.56. An Aft for repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties J .1 G. 3. c. 103. of Montgomery, Merioneth and Stf/o/ ; and other Roads therein repealed.	mentioned.	(£)	[2d	1813.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap.

C^

A.D. i Si 3*

S61

53° GEO. III.	C. clxxxvii—cxciii#

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A A of King 16G2. c. 3. George the Second, and Two Afts of His prrfent Majesty, for 9f;*3*c*T5* repairing the Road from Howes, in the County of Tork, to Brough *l C* lM* under Stain more, in the County of Westmorland ; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Cajlle to Kaber Croft, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties. (b)

[2d July 1813.]

[Additional Tntjlees. New Tolls, injlead of former Tolls.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King 33 G.%. c. 57. George the Second, and Two Adis of His present Majesty, for ^C q'^1 c.1xt amending the Road from Maid (lone, in the County of Kent, to **

Tubl's Lake, in the Parifti of Cranlrook, in the said County.

[2d July 1813.j

[Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Double Tolls between \Jl Oct• and \Jl April on Hop Poles, Timber,

Wood, Guns or Iron.]

Cap. clxjfxix.

An Aft for enabling the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth to grant building Leafcs of his fettled Estates, situate in the Counties of 7“orb, Kent and .  Middlesex. (q. P.)

[2d July 1813.

Cap. cxc.

An Aft for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellejley, Doftor in Divinity, and the Reverend Richard Hodges to grant Building Lcafcs of several undivided Shares in a Piece of Land, called Chelsea Common, in the Parifti of Saint Lube, Chelsea, in the County of Middlefrx, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofc. (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxci.

An Aft to enable the Vicar of the Parifti and Parifti Church of Camberwell, in the County of Surry, to grant Lcafcs of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage, (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Aft for veiling the Eftates devised by the Will of the late Thomas Saunders Esquire, in Trustees, to be fold, and for applying the Monies thence arising for the Purpofes and in manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Aft for fubftitutingand appointing a newTruftee in the Place or Stead of Francis Lucius Aujlen Esquire, for the Purpofes of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of William John Campion Esquire, with Jane Aujlen Spiniler, now the Witc of the said William John Campion; and also of the Will and Codicil of

Henry

L-ooq Le

OU4

WC111—Cf.

53v ujbiUi iu>

n*17. i o v 3>

Henry Courlbope Campion Esquire, deceased, so far as refpedi the Freehold and Copyhold or Cuftomary Eltates thereby respectively devised to the Ufes or upon the Trulls of the said Settlement* and for ceding the Trufk Eftates accordingly, (q. P.)

[id July 1813.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Ad for veiling Part of the Eftates devised by the Will of Thomas Dun combe Esquire, and other Lands fettled to the fame Ufes, in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the Money to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[2d	July 1813.J

Cap. cxcv.

An A d for exchanging the Lands of Brabjlerdorran, and other Heritages belonging to Henrietta Sinclair, as Heir under an Entail, made by David Sinclair of Soutbdun, deceased, for other Lands and Heritages belonging to her in Fee Simple ; and for veiling the said Lands of Brabflerdorrany and other Heritages, in Trustees, for the Purpofes therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[2d	July	1813.3

Cap. exevi.

An Ad for veiling the fettled Eftates of Edward Lee Efquire and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Waterford and Dublin, and in the County of the City of Dublin, in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence ariling in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates so fold* (q. P.)	[2d	July	1813.3

Cap, cxcvii.

An A A for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will of Thomas Holt Esquire, in the County of Sujfolky in Truft for Sale } and for laying out the Monies thence ariling in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap, cxcviii.

An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilhof Withingtony in the County of Glouceflcr. (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, $ 24.

Cap, exeix.

10 G. 3. c.72. An Ad for enlarging the Term of Two Ads of His present Majesty,

31 G.3. c. 101. for repairing and widening the Road from Biceflery in the County of Oxford, to Aylejbury, m the County of Bucks. (£)

[6th July 1813.3

[.Additional Trujlees,	Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.3

Cap. cc.

31 G.3. C.X03. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of Hi® present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Place

in

C. cc—ccvi,

853

A.D. 1813*	53°	GEO.	III.

in Bicejler, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the said Ad to an adjoining Branch of Road. (b)	[6th July	1813.]

[.Additional Trujlees.	Former Tolls repealed,	new Tolls granted•

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Capi cci.

An Ad for embanking, inclofiug *nd draining Lands in the Parifh of IVainfleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

[7th July 1813.]

u Allotment to His Majesty, $ 23.

Cap• ccii.

An Ad to enable the Trustees of certain Lands, demised by the Will of William Seabright, deceased, situate in the Townfhip of Bednal Green otherwise Bethen Hall Green, in the Parifh of Stepney other-wife Stabinhcath, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leafes thereof, (q. P.)	[7th	July	1813.]

Cap. eciii.

An Ad for enabling William Hall Esquire, to assign or surrender a Term of One thousand Years, in Estates, in the County of Oxford, unto or in Truft for Eltfha Bifcoe Efquire $ and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)	[7th	July 1813,

Cap. ccif.

An Ad for enabling Trustees, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, to grant Building Leafes of Part of the Eftates of Thomas Milner Gibfon Esquire, deceased, in Lambeth, in the County of Surry, and in IJlington, in the County of Middlesex ; and also under the like Diredion, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of the fame Estates, for Payment of Charges and Incumbrances thereon ; and for other Puipofes. (q. P.)

[7th July 1813.3

Cap. cc9.

An Ad for confirming the Purchafe of a Term of Years in an Eftate at Knightfbridge in the County of Middlesex, being Part of the Settled Eftates of William Lowndes the elder, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling Part of the said Settled Eftates in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chanceiy, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu of the Eftates fold, and to the fame Ufes; and to enable Trustees to grant Building Leafes of Part of the said Settled Eftates ; and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)

[7th July 1813.J

. Cap. ccvi.

An Ad to enable The Hope HJfvrance Company to sue and be sued ; to grant Annuities, and to enrol Memorials thereof, under certain Regulations.	[10th	July	1813.3

Cap.

864

C.ccvii—ccix.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

11 G. 3.1

3*0..(.

repealed.

51G3.C.

Cap. ccvii.	^

An Aft to enable The Eagle Infuranee Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member thereof; and to inrol Annuities.	[10th	July	1813.3

98.

c.138.

Cap. ccviii.

An Aft for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckjieldy and from Beadles Hill to Lindfieldy and from thffe Cuclcfield and Crawley Road to HorJham> and from Swingate to Shover Greeny all in the County of Sujfcx. (£) [10th July 1813.3 [Double Tolls on certain Articles between 10th 0Sober and 5th April. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. ccix.

An Aft for enabling the Archbifhop of Canterbury to convey certain Tenements at Deal, in the County of Kent, to or in Truft for His Majesty, for the Public Serviit.	[10th	July	1813.3

4 'TT7HEREAS by an Aft passed ;n the Fifty first Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majrfty, intituled An AS fer 4 enabling the Archbyhop of Canterbury to grant budding and re-

*	pairing Leafes of EJlates at Deal and Clisse, in the County of Kent,

*	belonging to the See of Canterbury, and for other PurpofeSy after

*	reciting, amongst other things, that Charles Lord Archbifhop of 4 Canterbury, in Right of his See, was seised of or entitled to divers 4 MefTuages or Tenements, Lands and Grounds, in the Town and 4 Borough and Parifh of Dcaly in the County of Kenty and in the 4 Parifh of Saint Margaret at Clisse, in the fame County, several Parts 4 whereof were or might be required for the Public Service, it was 4 enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Charles Lord Arch-4 bishop of Canterbury, snd his Succeffors from time to time, as to such 4 of his Lands and Grounds so required for the Public Service, then 4 built upon or capable of Improvement by building, situate in the

Town and Borough and Parifh of Deal aforesaid, and in the Parifh 4 of Saint Margaret at Cliffe aforesaid, and more particularly men-4 tioned and delcribed in the Schedule to the said Aft annexed, as 1 were and should from time to time be out of Lcafe, solely and 4 alone with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; 4 and as to such of his and their said Lands and Grounds, and the 4 Houfes and Buildings then erected or to be erected thereon, as 4 were or should be in Leafe to any Person or Person s for Years, or on 4 any Life or Lives, jointly and with the Concurrence of the original 4 LefTee or LefTees for the time being thereof, or his or their Heirs, 4 Executors, Adminiflratorsand Afligns respectively, by Indenture or 4 Indentures, to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifhop for 4 the time being; and also as to such L(>afes as were to be granted 4 jointly or with such Concurrence as aforesaid, to be sealed and 4 delivered by such LefTee or LefTees, or his or their Heirs, Execu-4 tors, Adminiflrators or Afligns respectively, to demise and lease all 4 or any Part of the fame Lands and Grounds, Houfes and Buildings 4 respectively for any Term of Years, not exceeding Ninety nine 4 Years in Pofsession, or by way of immediate Revevlion, to any 4 Person or Pei Tons, in Truft for His Majesty or his Succeffors, for

4 the

V

53°trJGO.ui.

L'.cciz*

A.LM813*

4 the Public Service, with and under the Reftri&ions therein men*

4 tiooed: And it was thereby provided and ensiled, that it should be 4 lawful for the said Archbilhop and his Succeffors, with the Ap-* probation of the laid Court, in lieu of the Rent or Share thereby 4 required to be reserved to the said Lord Archbilhop and bis Sue*

4 celfors, upon any Leafe or Leafes thereby authorised to be made,

4 to accept and make payable in manner thereinafter mentioned, as 4 or in the Nature of a Fine, such Sum or Sums of Money in Grofs - 4 as should be equivalent to the Rent or Share of Rent by the said 4 A& required to be reserved by any such Leafe or Leafes re-4 fpe&ively; so that in every such Leafe there should be reserved to 4 the Lord Archbilhop and his SuccelTors an annual Rent, equal to 4 or exceeding the Rent reserved by the last preceding Leafe of the 4 said Lands or Grounds, or a due Proportion of such Rent, in case 4 the fame should have been reserved for such Lands or Grounds 4 jointly with other Lands or Tenements: And it was thereby further 4 enacted, that all Monies arising from the Fines so to be taken 4 should be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with 4 the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to be 4 placed to his Account there emparte the Archbi(hop of Canterbury ;

4 and Proviiion was thereby made for having the Monies so to be 4 paid into the Bank, or the Monies to be produced by Sale of the 4 Navy, Vi&ualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills, to be purchased 4 with any of such Monies, or with the Intereft of any of such Bills 4 in manner therein directed, laid out under the Dire&ion of the said 4 Court in the Purchafe of Freehold Hereditaments and Copyhold 4 Hereditaments convenient to be held therewith (fuch Copyhold not 4 to exceed in Value One (ixth Part of the Freehold Premifes), to be 4 situate io or near the Diocefe of Canterbury, to be fettled to the Ufe 4 of the said Lord Archbi(hop and his SuccelTors in the said See of 4 Canterbury; and which it was thereby enacted should from the 4 time of the Affurance thereof be annexed to and for ever thereafter 4 continue and be Part of the said See: And whereas by an In- indenture of 4 denture of Lease, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of December, in Letfe dated 4 the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and iatb Dec. 181* 4 made between the said Charles Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury of 4 the one Part, and Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson Baronet, Comp-4 troller, Sir Francis John Hartwell Baronet, Deputy Comptroller,

4. and Sir William Rule Knight, and Henry Peake Esquire, joint 4 Surveyors, Four of the principal Officers and Commiffionera of 4 Hit Majefty’s Navy (on Behalf of His said Majesty) of the other 4 Part; reciting an Indenture of Leafe bearing Date on or about the 4 Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and •4 ten, and made between the said Lord Archbilhop of the one Part,

4 and the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John 4 Hartwell, Sir William Rule, and Henry Peake of the other Part 5 4 whereby the said Lord Archbilhop demised unto them, in Truft 4 for His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, All that Piece or 4 Parcel of Land or Ground, lying in the Parifh of Deal in the 4 County of Kent, being Part of the Lord Archbilhop’s Wafte 4 Land and Sea Beach, belonging to the Manor of Deal Prebend,

4 and bounded on the North Side thereof by Ground then or then 4 late let to John Baker Esquire, and extends from the said Ground 4 to the new Wall of the Entrance to the Storehoufes thereinafter 53 G10. III.	3K	4	mentioned

966

C. ccix.

53*GEO. HI.	A.D. 1813.

*. mentioned Sixty fix Feet, little more or left, from North to South * and from East to West, from the High-water Mark of the Sea to < the Dwelling House then or then late in the Pofleffion of George ‘ Lawrence Esquire: And also, all that Piece or Parcel of Land or 4 Ground in the said Parifh of Deal, being Part of the (aid Lord 4 Archbifhop** Wade Land and Sea Beach belonging to hia said 4 Manor, whereon were Storehoufea for the Service of Hi* Majefty’* 4 Ship* in the Downs ; and which said last mentioned Ground con-4 tains in Front from North to South toward* the Sea, Two hundred 4 Feet of Afiize, little more or less; and into the Land East aid 4 West One hundred and fifty Feet of Aisize, little more or less, and 4 is bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece of Land or 4 Ground thereinbefore mentioned and intended to be thereby 4 derailed, and on the South Side thereof by the Piece of Land or 4 Ground next thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby 4 demised : And also, Five Feet of Ground then or then lately used 4 a* a Footway without the Wall of the said Storehoufea on the 4 South Side thereof; and Five Feet of Ground then used as a Foot-4 way on the West Side thereof next the Country, and contains by 4 Admeasurement, together with the said Footway, Two Rood* 4 and Thirty nine Perches, little more or less: And also, all that 4 Capftan and Beach Ground lying between the Sea and the said 4 Premifes last mentioned, containing from North to South Two 4 hundred and ten Feet of Aisize, little more or lef*; and from the 4 Front of the said Storehoufes to the High-water Mark of the Sea, 4 Eighty Feet of Aisize, little more or less, and contain* by Admea-4 furement One Ropd Twenty one Perches and an Half, little more 4 or less: And also, all that Piece or Parcel of Land lying in the 4 Parifh of Deal aforesaid, being Part of the Wafte Land and Sea 4 Beach of the said Lord Archbifhop belonging to his said Manor 4 of Deal Prebend, containing in Length from a Stump or marked 4 Poft, on the (aid Five Feet Path or Footway near the said Store-4 houfe9, thereinbefore mentioned, North, and from thence in a 4 straight Line towards Deal Castle to another Stump or marked 4 Poft there fixed, South, Three hundred and seventy nine and an 4 Half Feet, or thereabouts, were the fame more or lef*, and in Breadth 4 from the said last mentioned Stump or marked Poft, to another 4 Stump or marked Poft, at High-water Mark, towards the East, 4 Two hundred and thirty one Feet or thereabout*, little more or less, 4 which (aid Piece of Land last mentioned contain* in the Whole Two 4 Acres and Two Perches or thereabouts, were the fame more or 4 less, and is bounded on the North Side thereof bv the Piece of 4 Land and Premife* last thereinbefore mentioned, and intended to be 4 thereby demised, and on the South Side thereof by the Piece of 4 Land next thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby 4 demised, on the West by other Wafte Lands of the (aid Lord 4 Archbishop, belonging to hi* said Manor of Deal Prebend^ and on 4 the East by the High-water Mark of the Sea: And also, all that 4- Piece or Parcel of Land lying in the Pariih of Deal aforesaid, being 4 other Part of the Wafte Land and Sea Beach of the said Lord 4 Archbishop, belonging to the (aid Manor of Deal Prebend, being 4 bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece or Parcel of 4 Ground last thereinbefore mentioned, and extending from the fame 4 Southward Eighty Feet of Aisize, little more or left; and from the

4	€ High.

C.ccix.

S 6j

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	HI.

•	High-water Mark of the Sea, on the East, Weftward Two hundred 4 and thirty one Feet or thereabouts, little more or less; and is 4 bounded on the South and West Sides thereof by other Wafte

*	Lands of the faid1 Lord Archbishop, belonging to the said Manor 4 of Deal Prebend, and on the East Side thereof by the High-water 4 Mark of the Sea : And also, all that Piece or rarcel of Capftan 4 Ground, lying in the Parifh of Deal aforesaid, being Part of the said 4 Lord Archbifhop’s Wafte Land and^Sea Beach, belonging to his 4 said Manor, and which said Piece or Parcel of Capftan Ground was 4 then late in the Occupation of John Baker, Efquire ; and is bounded 4 on the South by the first mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground 4 thereinbefore described, and contains from North to South, at 4 each End thereof. Forty five Feet of Afiize, little more or less, 4 and from East to West, from the High-water Mark of the Sea, to

*	the Road leading from the Middle Street, along the King’s 4 Buildings to Deal Castle, One hundred and fifty Feet of Afsize, 4 little more or less : And also, all that Piece or Parcel of Land, Part

•	of Deal Prebend, with the Buildings thereon erected, situate at the 4 South West Side of the Town of Deal aforesaid, being Part of certain 4 Lands called the Outgrounds, containing Sixty seven Feet from

*	North to South on the East and West Sides thereof, and One

4 hundred and forty seven Feet from East to West, on the North and 4 South Sides thereof, little more or less; abutting South and West on 4 Lands, Part of the said Deal Prebend, then or then late let to John 4 May and William White; East on the Road leading from Dover 4 to the Lower Street in Deal, and North on Land Part of the 4 said Deal Prebend let to	Gammon ; and which said Piece

4 or Parcel of Land was then used for the Service of His Majesty; 4 To hold to them the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompjbn, Sir Fran tie 4 John Hartwell, Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Execu-4 tors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, from the making thereof, for the 4 Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the yearly Rents,

•	and subject to the Covenants and Agreements therein exprelTed 4 and contained, on the Part and Behalf of them the said Sir Thomas 4 Boulden Tbompfon, Sir Francis John Hartwell, Sir William Rule 4 and Henry Peake, their Succeffors and Afligns, to be kept, done 4 and performed: And also reciting an Indenture of Lease, bearing

*	Date the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight 4 hundred and five, and between the said Lord Archbifhop of the

•	one Part, and John Cavell of Deal aforesaid, Boatbuilder, of the

•	other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbifhop demised to the faid

*	John Cavell, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate, lying 4 and being in South Street in Lower Deal, in Deal aforesaid, with a 4 new erected Brick Building used for the drying of Herrings, a 4 large School Room with Workfhop under the fame, a new erected 4 Plumber and Glazier’s Shop, a large Boathoufe and Workshop, 4 Timber Yard, Coal Yard, and sundry Sheds erected and built on 4 some Part thereof, with the Garden and Appurtenances to the 4 fame belonging, abutting to a Five Feet Path or Paflage towards

*	the East, to rremifes demised to Edward Iggulden towards the 4 West, to South Street North, and to Premifes demised to the

•	Reverend Montague Pennington towards the South ; and the fame 4 were then in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Cavell and 4 his Undertenants or Afligns; To hold the fame to the find John

3 K 2	4	Gsmll,

Indenture of Leafe. dated 29th Sep. 1805.

Indenturt of Lease, dated 18th Oa. 1805.

Indenture of dated iffthOtt. 1805.

(•denture of Lease, dated 18th Oa. 1805.

Cavell, fab Executors, Adminiftrators and Alsigns, from the laid Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, for the Term of Twenty one Years, under the Rents and Covenants therein contained, on his and their Parts to be paid, done and performed: And also reciting an Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Lord Archbifhop of the one Part, and Edward Iggulden of Deal aforesaid, Brewer, of the other Part; whereby the laid Lord Archbifhop demised to the said Edward Iggulden, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground lying intermixed with the said lad mentioned piece or Parcel of Ground, upon Part whereof had then lately been erected and built a Stable and Coach-house, and lying opposite to the Walmer Cajlle Inn in South Street in Daz/aforcfaia, abutting to the hereinbefore mentioned Premifes towards the East, West ana South, and to South Street North, and the fame was then in the Tenure of	Solman	/

To hold to the said Edward Iggulden, his Executors, Adminiftra-tors and Afsigns, for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein contained : And al(b reciting aq Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the said Eighteenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Lord Archbifhop of the one Part, and the Reverend Montague Pennington of Deal aroresaid, Executor of Elizabeth Carter decealed of the other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbifhop demised unto the said Montague Pennington, All that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pafture Land lying and being at the South End of the Town of Deal aforesaid, and containing by Admeafurement in Length, from North to South* Thirty five Kods and Two Feet; and m square Contents by Eftimation Two Acres and a Quarter, little more or less, through which runs a Common Sewer, being Part of the Manor of Deal otherwise Deal Prebend; abutting to the King’s Highway towards the West, to Lands, Part of Deal Prebend demised to John Cavell, towards the North and South ; and to the Five Feet Walk, leading to Deal Castle, towards the East; together with all Ere&ions and Buildings erected and built thereoq, or on some Part thereof (excepting thereout to the (aid Lord Archbifhop and his SuccefTors, all Mines, Minerals, Quarries and Timber Trees), and the fame were then in the Tenure of the said Montague Pennington, Sylvefler P<fjfs, Jofebh Troun/el, William Monday* William Soiman, James Tomlin, John Wife, James Agar, Thomas Cox, Thomas Hayward, the Commiflioners under the Ad of Parliament for paving the laid Town of Deal, and William White Esquire, some or One of them, their or some or One of their Undertenants or Afligns ; To hold to the (aid Montague Pennington, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, from the Date thereof for the Terra of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein reserved and contained, on his and th^ir Part to be paid, done and performed; and also reciting an Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the said Eighteenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Lord Archbifhop of £he one Part, and the said John Cavell of the other Part; whereby the said Lord Archbifhop demised to the (fid John Cavell, AH that Piece of Ground near Deal Castle, on Which was built a Shed, containing Two Roods and Thirty Perches 13	« (were

C. ccix.

*69

A.D. 1813.	530	GEO.	HL

(were the fame more or lefs), being Part of a certain Piece of Land called The Valley, Part of Deal Prebend; abutting to other Part of the said Land towards the North, to the Highway towards the West, to the Lands rtext thereinafter mentioned towards the South, and to the Five Feet Walk leading to Deal CafUe towards the East :

And also, all that other Piece of Land abutting to the last mentioned Preolifes towards the North, to the King’s Highway towards the West, and to the Highway leading to the Five Feet Walk and other Premifes demised to the said John Cavell> towards the South and East, and containing by Eftimation One Rood, were the fame more or less (excepting thereout to the said Lord Archbifhop and his Succeflbrs all Royalties, Mines, Minerals, Quarries and Timber Trees) ; To hold to the said John Cdvell, his Executors, Ad-miniftrators and Aisigns, from the making thereof for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein reserved and contained, on his and their Part to be paid, done and performed ; and also reciting the said Aft of the Fifty first Year of 5iG.^.c.cxxxri. the Reign of His said Majesty ; and that the said several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and other the Premifes thereinbefore mentioned and thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby demised, were Parcel of the Premifes in Deal aforesaid, comprised in the Schedule to the said Aft 5 and that the said principal Officers and Com-miffioners had purchased or were about to purchase, the said several Indentures of the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Eighteenth Day of October One thousand eight nund; ed and five ana had applied to have a full Term of T*wenty one Years m Pofteffion made up to them, in all the said several Indentures of Lease, to which the said Lord Archbifhop had consented ; and that such Renewals had been perfected accordingly ; and that the Sum of Eight hundred and ninety Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven pence had been paid to the said Lord Archbifhop as a Fine or Connderation for the fame; and that all the Grid Premifes being required for the Public Service, the (aid Commissioners had re-quefted the said Lord Archbifhop to grant to them a Term of Ninety nine Years in the fame, upon the Surrender of the (aid several Indentures of Lease, and the said several renewed Terms of Twenty one Years, which the said Lord Archbifhop had also consented to do upon having the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and 'Three pence paid as a Fine into the Bank of England, to be applied pursuant to the Direftions of the said Aft; And also reciting an Order of the said Court of Chancery, made upon the Petition of the said Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury, made on the Twenty ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, whereby it was ordered that the said Lord Archbifhop should be at Liberty from time to time to lay before Mr. Tbomfon, one of the Mailers of the said Court, Propofals for One or more Leafe or Leases, or for One or more Contraft or Contrafts for a Leafe or Leases, to be granted pursuant to the said Aft ; and that the (aid*

Mailer should be at Liberty from time to time to slate such Pro-pofal or Propofals respectively, with'ids Opinion thereon to the*

Court, and be at Liberty to state any special Circumftancea relating thereto; And also reciting the said Mafter’s Report, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day1 of November Oue thoufand

3 K j	•	eight

C-CQIX,

870

53® GEO. III.	A*D,i8i3*

4 eight hundred and twelve, whereby he certified that a Propofal had 4 been laid before him, on Behalf of the said Lord Archbishop, 4 whereby it was proposed that a Leafe should be granted of all the 4 Parcels of Lana and other the Premifes comprised in the said 4 several therein and hereinbefore mentioned Indentures of Lease, to 4 the said Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Navy, for the Term of 4 Ninety nine Years, at the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings 5 and on

*	Payment into the Bank of the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine 4 hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, by 4 way of Fine or Premium for such Leafe 5 and the said Matter alto

*	certified that, upon the Evidence stated in the said Report, he was 4 of Opinion it would be for the Benefit of the said Lord Archbifhop 4 and his Succefibrs, that a Leafe should be granted to the said Com* 4 miifioners of the said several Parcels of Land and Hereditaments 4 comprised in the said several Indentures of Lease, situate in the 4 Parilh and Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, Part of the Pre-4 mises comprised in the Schedule to the said A& of Parliament, 4 for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to commence from the Day 4 of the Date of the said proposed Lease, at the yearly Rent of 4 Forty Shillings ; and fubjeit to such Covenants as were directed by 4 the laid A& ; and also certified his Opinion that the Sum of 4 Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling

*	and Thiee pence, proposed to the paid by the said Commilfioners

*	by way of Fine or Premium for granting such Lease, was a proper 4 Sum to be paid into the Bank, in manner directed by the faia Ad, 4 according to the Value of the said Premises, and the Intereft of the 4 said Lord Archbifhop therein: And also reciting an Order of the said 4 Court, made on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight 4 hundred and twelve $ whereby it was, amoneft other things, ordered, 4 that the said Report should be confirmed, and that it should be 4 referred back to the said Mailer to fettle and approve of the 4 Leafe proposed to be granted by the said Lord Archbilhop to the 4 said Commilfioners as aforesaid ; and that the said Commilfioners 4 should pay the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and 4 fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence into the Bank, 4 with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to 4 be there placed to the Credit of * Ex parte the Archbilhop of Can-4 terbury ;* And further reciting, that the Treasurer of His Majefty's 4 Navy had, in pursuance of the said Order, paid into the Bank the 4 Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds 4 One Shilling and Three pence, pursuant to the Dire&ions con-4 tained in the said A6t; and also reciting that the said Mailer had 4 perused the Draft of the said Lease, and had approved thereof,

4 and had signed his Name in the Margin of the said Lease, in tefti-4 mony of his Allowance of the fame 2 It was by the said Inden-

InSentur;, 4 ture, of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight

xath Dec. x8x». • hundred and twelve, Witnefied, that in consideration of the Sur*

4 render of all the said several thereinbefore in Part recited Indentures 4 of Lease, and of the said full Term of Twenty one Years in the 4 fame, granted upon such Renewals as aforesaid 5 and also in con-4 fideration of the Sum of Seventeen thousand nine hundred and fifty 4 nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence, so paid as thereinbe-4 fore mentioned, the said Charlet Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury9 4 in obedience to the said Order of the said Court of Chancery, and 4 pursuant to and ^>y force and virtue and in exercise and execution

* of

C.cclx,

A.D.1813.

53* geo. nr.

4 of the Power or Authority veiled in him for that Purpofe by the € said recited A&, and of every other Power or Authority enabling 4 him in that Behalf, did demise and lease unto the said Sir Thomas 4 Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hart welly Sir William Rule ' and Henry Peake, in Truft for His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

*	ceffors; all and Angular the said several Pieces or Parcels of 4 Ground, with the Meffuages or Tenements, and all other the

*	Erc&ions and Buildings erected and built thereon, or on fome

*	Part thereof, mentioned and comprised in the said several there-

*	inbefore in Part recited Indentures of Lease; and all Ways,

4 Paths, Pafsages, Water*, Watercourses, Profits, Commodities and € Appurtenances to the fame respectively belonging, or in any

*	wife appertaining; and which laid Premifes were therein men-4 tioned to be more particularly described in the Plan or Ground 4 Plot thereof, in the Schedule to the said Indenture of Leafe ; To

*	hold unto the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John 4 Hart welly Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Succeffors and

*	Afligns, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to be computed 4 from the Twenty ninth Day of September then lad, in Truft for

*	His Majesty ana his Succeffors for the Public Service ; subject to 4 the Payment therefore, during the said Term of Ninety nine 4 Years, unto the said Lord Archbifhop and his Succeffors, of 4 the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings on the Feaft Days therein 4 mentioned, by equal Portions ; and also subject to the Covenants,

4 Provifoes and Agreements therein contained, by and on the Part 4 of the said Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, Sir Francis John Hart-

*	welly Sir William Rule and Henry Peake% and their Succeffors, to • 4 be paid, observed and performed ; and after stating that there then

4 was, and for some time past had been, a Public Sewer or Drain 4 palling from North to South through the Whole, or a confiderable ‘ Part of the Premifes thereby intended to be demised; it was 4 thereby agreed, by and between the said several Parties thereto,

4 for themlelyes, their respective Succeffors and Afligns, that the 4 said Public Sewer or Drain should from time to time, and at all 4 times during the Continuance of the said Demise, be kept open 4 in the fame manner in all respects as the fame had theretofore been :

4 And whereas the said principal Officers and Commiflioners of 4 His Majefty’s Navy, conceiving that it would be for the Benefit of 4 the Public Service to obtain the Fee Simple of the said Grounds,

4 Buildings and Premifes so demised to them by the said Lord 4 Archbishop, for the laid Term of Ninety nine Years, in Truft for 4 His Majesty and his Succeffors, for the Public Service as afore-4 said, upon the like Trust; as also to purchase the Reverfion in 4 Fee Simple of Three small Pieces or Parcel of Land (Part of 4 the Eftates belonging to the said See) situate at Deal aforesaid,

4 and lying contiguous and immediately adjoining to the said 4 Grounds, Buildings and Premises, fubjeH to Three several Leafes 4 granted to the Reverend Montague Pennington, John Iggulden and 4 John Cavell of the fame, by the said Lord Archbilhop of Canter* 4 bury, bearing Date respectively the Eighteenth Day of OBoler One 4 thousand eight hundred and five, and now intended to be renewed . • for Three several Terms of Twenty one Years at and under the 4 Rents and Covenants therein respectively referred and contained ; 4 as also to purchase the Scite of the Footpath passing through a Part

3K 4	4	of

871

C» ccix*

8ya

Archbiftiop uf Canterbury may (Ul Pretnifes,

&c. ddcribed in FirA Schedule, to Hia Majesty for Public .Service.

Brain or Sewer, stated in Leafe iath Dec. ifcn. kept open.

Archbifhop of Canterbury empowered to fell Premifet, Sec. described in second Schedule.

53' GEO, in.

4^.1813.

of the Cud Piece* or Parcel* of Land ; have proposed to the £*id Lord Archbifliop to give for the Purchafe of toe Reverfioo in Fee Simple of the uid Grounds, Buildings and Premifea so demised to them the (aid principal Officers and Commiffioncrs of His Majesty*8 Navy as aforesaid, expedant on the said Term of Ninety nine Years, the Sum of One thousand and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Halfpence 5 and for the Purchafe of the Reverfion in Fee Simple of the said Three final! Pieces or Parcels of Land expedant on the said Three Several Terms of Twenty one Years, the Sum of Three hundred and seventy two Pounds; and for the Purchafe of the Scite of the said Footpath, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; the {aid Three several Sums to be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant Geueral of the Court of Chancery, to be applied as hereinafter is mentioned; and the said Lord Archbifliop being Satisfied that the said Sums are a full and fair Coniideration for such Purchases, thought fit to accede to such Propofal; but the fame cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please Your Mod Excellent Majesty (at the Petition of the said Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury ) that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Afsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times, after Payment of the Sum of One thousand and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Halfpence, in manner hereinafter dirested, by Indenture or Indentures, to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifhop for the time being, to grant, bargain and fell and afiure all the said MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Pre-mises, hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and by the said Indenture of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, demised or expressed and intended so to be, with their and.every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, and more particularly described in the First Schedule to this Aft annexed, and the Reverfion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, KTues and Profits thereof, unto and to the Ufe of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs for eWfcr, for the Public Service, or unto and to the Ufe of any other Peffon or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, in Truft for His Majesty and his Suc-cefTors, for the Public Service.

II.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said Public Sewer or Drain, mentioned in the said Leafe of the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall from time to time, and at all times, as well from and after as before such Conveyance, be kept open in all respects as the lame has heretofore beeo, or diverted or turned in such manner as shall be from time to time ordered and directed by the Commiffioncrs of Sewers, acting for the Diftrift wherein the fame is situate.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Lord Archbifliop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times after Payment of the Sum of Three hundred and seventy two Pounds in manner hereinafter directed by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifliop for the time being, to

grant.

{^.

C.ccix.

*73.

A.D4S13.*	53*	GEO.	III.

Sant, bargain* fell and allure all the laid Three Piecee or Parcels of and and Premifes hereinbefore mentioned or referred to by the said Three several Leafes of the Eighteenth Day of 0Sober One thoufcnd eight huudred and fire as afore said, and more particularly mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this A& annexed; and the Reverfion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, 1 flues and Profits thereof, unto and to the Ufe of His said Majesty, his Hein and Succeflors for ever, for the Public Service, or unto and to ;the Ufe of any other Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, in Truft for His Majesty and his Succeflors, for the Public Service; but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the said Three several Leases, and the said Three several Terms of Twenty one Years if then subsisting, and to any future Renewal or Renewals of the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Archbifhop m«y Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times convey Scite of after Payment of the Sum of One hundred Pounds in manner herein- Footpath, See. after directed, by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, to grant, bargain, fell and assure the Scite of the said Footpath running through a Part of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforesaid, with all Eafements and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, unto and to the Ufe of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors for ever, for the Public Service, or unto and to the Ufe of any other Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, in Truft for His Majesty and his Succeflors, for the Public Service; but subject to such Rights of Way, or other Rights, which any Person or Persons, other than and except the said Lord Archbifhop and his Succefibrs, may have or claim, in, through, over or upon the fame: Provided Protifo. nevertheless, that such Conveyance of the said Scite of the said Footpath for the Sum of One hundred Pounds as aforesaid shall be on this express Condition, that in case the (aid Footpath shall at any time hereafter be legally stopped, diverted or turned, the said Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy do and shall increase the Width of the present Street, called South Street, in Lower Dealt by giving up a Portion of the Premifes through which it runs to and for the Ufe of the Public at large.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Sums of One thousand Money paid by and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, Treasurer Three hundred and seventy two Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, ^fvy mt0 Bank* shall or may be paid by the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy into the Bank of England\ in the Name aud with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, 4 ex parte the Archbifhop of Canterbury,f pursuant to the Method prefenbed by the Ad of the Twelfth Year of King I4 c.x. c. 3a. George the First, Chapter the Thirty fecund, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Ad * of the T welfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty ,x G. a. c. 14. fourth 1 and shall when so paid in be laid out in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Tranfport or Exchequer Bills; and the Intereft arising from the Money laid out in such Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchafe of other Navy or Vi&ualiing Bills, or Tranfport or Exchequer Bills: Provided, that

it

C.ccix.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Receipts of Caihienof Bank sufficient Dif-charge.

Court of Chancery empowered to uy out Funds in Purchafe of Lands.

it shall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Coart of Chancery to make fueh General Order or Order*, or Special Order or Order* if necefianr, that whensoever the Exchequer Bill* of the Date of those in the Hands of the said Accountant General shall be in the Courfe of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bill* shall be issued, such new Exchequer Bill* may be received in Exchange for those which are so in the Courfe of Payment, as shall be effectual for enabling such Receipt in Exchange# and in that event the Intereft of the old Bill* shall be laid out as before directed with respect to the Intereft when the Bills are paid off; all which (aid Navy, Viftualling, Tranfport and Exchequer Bill* shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the fame shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary way, by or on Behalf of the Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, be ordered to be fold by the said Accountant General for carrying the Purpofea of this Aft into Execution.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificate* to be given by the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Ca(hiers of the Bank of England to be thereunto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regiftrar Office of the said Court of Chanceij, of the Payment into the Bank of England of the said Purcbale Monies, or an Office Copy or Office Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient l)if-charge for the fame, or so much thereof for which such Certificate or Certificates, and Receiptor Receipt* as aforesaid, shall respectively be given.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery from time to time, upon a Petition to be preferred to that Court in a summary way, by or on Behalf of the said Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, to order the Accountant General of the said Court to pay and apply the whole, or any Part or Parts, as to the fame Court shall seem right and proper, of the Monies hereinbefore directed to be paid into the Bank, or of the Monies to be produced by Sale of the aforesaid Navy, Victualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills, for the Purchafe of Freehold Manors, Meftuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of an Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Pofleflion, or of Copyhold Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments convenient to be holden therewith (fo as such Copyhold Part shall not exceed in Value One sixth Part of the Freehold Premifes so to be purchafed) free from all Incumbrances (except Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other usual Outgoings or Payments), to be (ituate in or near the (aid Diocefe of Canterbury / and that all and (ingular the Freehold and Copyhold, Manors, Mefliiages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and 'Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid shall be there-upon immediately fettled, conveyed, surrendered and afTured unto and to the Ufe of the Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, and hi* Succeflors, in the said See of Canterbury for ever ; and shall from the time of such Conveyance and Surrender, or Afiurance, be annexed to and for ever thereafter continue and be Part of the (aid See,

VIII. Pro-

.. L

C. cci*.

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	IIL

*7 5

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Leafe T«nn of Lesfes. or Leafes shall be made by the Archbifhop of Canterbury for the

time being of all or any Part of the Manors, MefTuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased m pursuance of this Aft, for any Term exceeding Twenty one Years, in Pofleflion, and not in Reveruon, or otherwise, than at the bed improved Rent or Rents, payable Half-yearly, or oiftener, which can or may be obtained for the fame; and that all Leafes to be so made the Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being shall be binding on him and his SuccefTors.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it Court of Chan-

shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, from time to time, ***7 "“7 «der to make such Order or Orders as to the said Court shall seem meet,	E -

for settling and ascertaining the Cods of applying for, obtaining and pcnc*s* passing this Ad, and of the several Applications to be made to the

laid Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Cods of taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and inveding such Monies in such Purcbafe or Purchafes as aforesaid ; and also the Cods and Expences attending the Execution of all other the Truda of this Ad 5 and for Payment of all such Cods, Charges and Expences, except the Cods of applying for, obtaining ana passing this Ad* out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or to arise by Sale of the said Navy, Vidualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid ; and that the Cods of applying for, obtaining and passing this Ad, shall be paid by the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majedy’s Navy for the time being.

X.	Saving always to the King's Mod Excellent Maiedy, his General Sjvinj. Heirs and SuccefTon, and to all and every other Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, SuccefTon, Exe-cuton and Adminidrators (other than and except the said Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury, and his SuccefTors Archbifhops of Canterbury), all loch Edate, Right, Title, Intered, Benefit, Property,

Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to or out of or upon the {aid Hereditaments so to be granted, bargained and fold as aforesaid, under or by virtue of this Aft, and every or any Part thereof, as he, she and they, and every or any of them had before the passing of this Aft, or would, could or might have had, held aud enjoyed, in case this Aft had not been made.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be printed • EvMenceClaufei by the several Printers to the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that

a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evi*

(fence thereof by all Judges, Judices and others.

The

^.

6

G.ccii.	53ftQED.III.	AT).	1813.

No.

4

7-

8.

5-

6.

9*

10.

11. 22. *3* *4-*5-16.

J7-

18

19.

20.

23*

21.

22.

l5-

l4-

ED/T* HOLL. The Second SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

NJO	Names of Tenant*.	Premifes.	Meafure.	Relerved Rent.

			A. R. P.	£ s. d.

2.	John Iggulden	Piece of Land and Cap-7 stan Ground - J		10	— I —

3-	Reverend Mon 7 tagu Pennington J	Do. Do.		4	— I —

.6.	John Cavell J	Carpenter’s Yard, Capftan 7 and Anchor Ground 3	— I —	

7*	Do.	Capftan Ground		24	

			\- 138	— 2 —

HOLL. Cap.

The First SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

Name* of Tenants.

Premifes.

Meafure

Commissioners of the Navy

John Cavell

-{

Do.

Do.

Henry Cavell Edward Iggulden Reverend Mon-7 tagu Pennington J

Sylvefter Eaftes

Trounfell William Monday William Salmon -JamesTomlin junior Sylvefter Eaftes -John Wife James Agar Thomas Cox Thomas Hayward Comn\ifiioners of) Pavement - I William White,

Lfq.

John Cavell

Do.

Do.

Commissioners of] Steam Engine j

Naval Yard and Premifes') belonging	-	j

Boat Shop, Painter’s Do. 7 Yard, 5cc. 5cc. - j Piece of Garden Ground -Do.	Do.

Store Houfes Stables and Yards

Two Storehoufes and Land

Bricklayer’s Shop and 7 Yard, House and Garden J Garden

2 Tenements and Gardens 2 Do. and Do.

1 Do. and Do.

1 Do. and Do.

Garden

Garden

Garden

Garden

Refenroir, 3cc.

Small Tenement with Cow 7 Sheds, 8cc. -	-	J

Strip of Land adjoinirigJ Navy Yard Yards, &c. &c.	-	-

Do. Do.

Steam Engine, &c.

------35

—	l5

—	26

—	U

—	27

----34

—	16

—	16

-38

—	34

----13

~ i 15

—	1

—	6

----7

23

t —

3 5

— 2

11 — 2

A.D.i8i3*

C. ccx—-ccxvi.

877

53# GEO. III.

Cap* ccx.

An Aft for veiling certain Etiates devised by the Right Honourable John Viscount Bateman, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies anting therefrom, under the Di-reftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Etiates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[12th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxi.

An Aft to enable The Marine Infurance Company of Dublin to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or Secretaries.

[13th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Aft to enable The Phan't x AJfurance Company of London to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or any Member.

[20th July 1813.]

Cap* ccxiii.

An Aft for altering the Rules, Statutes and Ordinances of the Hof-pital of Robert Earl of Leicester, in Warwick ; and for enabling the Matter and Brethren of the said Hofpital to raise Money on the Security of the Etiates thereof in order to provide for the Reception of additional Brethren therein, (q. P.)

[20th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Aft for extending and amending an Aft of Queen Anne, for making the River Cham more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry to the Queen9s Mill, in the County of Cambridge. [21ft July 1813 ]

Cap. ccxv.

An Aft to enable the Norwich Union Society for the Infurance of Lives and SurvivoHhips, to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names of their Directors, Treafurers and Secretary.	[sift July 1813.]

Cap. ccxvi.

An Aft to enable the Norwich Union Society for Infurance against Lofs bv Fire, to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be sued in the Names #f their Directors, Treafurers and Secretary.

taift July 1813.]

1 Ann. Sut. 2.

«. 17.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 53GEO.IIL

Signifies that the AS relates exclusively to Ireland.

Abuses (Offices)

Adminift ration of Juft ice Ale. See Beer and Ale.

American Prizes -	•

Annuities, (Judges)

—--------, See Loans. Life An-

nuities.

Appropriation A&

■	of	£200^00.	for

Cap.

•130

*4

63

J53

136

*161

*92

♦78

Ireland

Archbiihops (Menfal Lands)

Arms (improper Persons haring)

------ See Fire Arms.

Army (Mutiny and Defertion) 17 Artificers (Juitices rating Wages) 40 Afleffed Taxes	-	-	*59

Audit Office	-	-	150

Bank of England and Ireland (Notes) 5 (Tokens) 19. 114

Bank of Ireland (counterfeiting Tokens)	-	-	4

Bankers exempted from Penalties of Stat. 52 G. 3. c. 138. for preventing counterfeiting Tokens	-

Barilla (additional Duty on, re-pealed)	-

Battle Axe Guards Beer (Sugar in Brewing)

-----and Ale (Licences)

Benefit of Clergy Bills of Exchange, Foreign (Pay-mailer of Forces accepting, payable at Bank)

Birmingham, Gun Barrel Proof Houle -Biihops (Menfal Lands)

Blue (from Wheat prohibited) (Repealed, c. 23. f 1.) Boatmen (fupplying Veffels with Pilots) -	-

106

*39

i°5

*54

1

#I37

162

100

"5

•92

2

140

Boatmen and others (Frauds) -Bonds from Mates of Merchant! Veffels under 21 (Officers of > Cuftoms taking) - J Goods exported

Cap.

8?

47

Bounty c (Claim)	-	-	105

Bread ( Affize and Price of) -	116

Bream (Salt Duty-free for curing) 124 Bridges (Damage from Floating Timber)	-	-	117

------and Tolls (Grand Juries

prefenting) -	-	-	*77

Brokerage, Sale and, of Offices 54.129 Butter Trade (Regulations) +46 Canal Company, Royal (diffolved) *101 ----------------Grand	(Application of Money) -	*143

Carriages (Duties and Taxes) #59 Chancellor. See Vice Chancellor. Chancery (I.) See Court of Chancery.

Church Rates (Recovery)	*127

Churches, Pariih (Scites of) *66 Cinque Ports (Pilots, &c.)	140

Coals, Drawback of Dutv used in Steam Engines for railing Ores in Devon and Cornwall -	18

—, 8cc. to London	-	135

Coin (Current Gold)	-	5

Conger (Salt Duty-free for curing)	-	-	-	124

Conftables of Manchester and Salford	-	-	-	72

Controverted Ele&ions (Trials) 71 Corn (Diftillation) -	-	7

Cotton Trade (Regulations) *75’ Court of Admiralty ( Regiftrar) 151 —— Chancery in Ireland (oix Clerks) -	-	*129

-----Seffion	64

Court Houfes (building)	*131

Courts,

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 53*GEO. III.

C»)>.

Courts, Ecclefiaftical (regulated) 127 ——— Martial	- -	99

Creditors (Scotch)	•	65

Curates (Stipendiary) -	149

Cuftoms (additional Duties of) 33.

!*55- io5

■1 ■ ..- Barilla, (additional Duty

repealed) -	•	-	105

--------Duty-free Goods exported

(Value ascertained) -	98

—— Officers of ( Bonds from Mates of Merchant Veffels)	47

•----— (Pearls Duties altered )	105

-----— Rice (additional Duty

on)	-	-	10

-- — - Starch, Duties in Part suspended -	-	2.	23

—— Sugar from Martinique,

8cc.	-	62•	*104, 105

—-------Wine of Cape of Good

Hope (Duty)	-	84

-----Spanifh Red -	8

Cyder ( Licences to retail)	*.13 7

Debentures. See Loans.

Debtors, Infolvent	(amending

52 G. 3. c. 165.)	-	6

■	- — r-(Permanent

A&)	-	-	102.	*138

/— ----confined under Exchequer

Procefs (Allowance)	21

Diftillation (Corn prohibited)	7

.	«■ ■ ■ ■ (Sugar, encouraged) #5*

------------ (amending	ACto	for

regulating)	-	-	**45

. --------(Illicit, prevented) *148

Diftrefs (Gold Coin A&)	-	5

Dublin to Tarmonbury (Canal)

♦101

Baft India Company (Regulation) 155 Ecclefiaftical Courts (Regulation ) 127 Ele&iont, Controverted, (Trial) 71 » .	— (multiplying votes) 49

•---------(conveying Writs for) 89

Emoluments in Public Offices	**130

Endowed Schools of Public and Private Foundation	-	*107

Exchequer Bills. See Loans.

Excife Duties on Spirits (fecured) 147 —— French Wines (additional Duties)	34

—- Glafs (Duties) •	109

— Hides and Skins (colle&ing Duties) -	-	#6o

Exdfe Licences, (transferring to Executors, See.)	-	103

■— — ■	(Sale of Spirituous

Liquors, 8cc.)	-	m*?l7

------- Malt (additional Duties)	*56

----------(Colle&ion	of	Duty)	*74-

---------- (fecuring	Duties)	-	9

- — Muriate of Potalh (Duty) 97 C Parchments 1 (colle&ing

------1 Skins J Duties) 60

------Snuff (additional Duties)	3,4.

■■ —-----(Duties)	*57. *73

------Spirits from Corn or Grain

(additional Duty)	*94

■ - ■ -	 Sugar	(Duty)

—— — --------------Sugar	(ware-

housed, without Payment of Duty)	-	-	*52

------T obacco (additional Duties)	34

■ ■ ■ —-------(Duties) *j7 *73

------Vellum and Parchment (collecting Duties)	-	+6o

—— Wines, French (additional Duties)	-	-	34

Excifeable Articles (Verification of Books)	88

Exportation, Bermuda -	50

------------—Bounty on Goods

exported (Claim)	-	105

--------------Brafs, 5cc. (Prohibition repealed)	-	43

--------------Cnocolate, (addi«

tional Drawback)	•	11

--------- ----Clandcftine (prevented)--------	-	109

■■ ---------Corn, 8cc. to Newfoundland, 8c c.	3*

------------Cuftom Duties 33.109

-—• Drawbacks allowed 55

----—-	■ ■ Duty-free Goods

(Value of, ascertained)	98

— '	■ Manufa&ures of

Refufeor Wade Silk (Bounty)	30

------------Newfoundland 67

-----------------------—	Ribbons made of

Silk miled with Inkle or Cotton (Bounty)	-	135

------------South America 67

■----------- Spirits from Great

Britain to the Isle of Man, fufpended	-	- no

............  Spirits	from Ireland, allowed -	f- no

Exportation,

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK (JENERAL ACTS, $3° GEO. III. f

Cap.

Exportation, Stuffs of Silk ornamented (Bounty) -	125

7	Bounties I 3*1

-Sugar, I

Drawbacks 3 *32 —" '	—	■	Tobacco,	Carrot

(Drawback)	•	105

——----------- Weft	Indies	-	67

-------	Wine,	Spanifh	Red

(Drawback)	-	8

Pees (Public Offices) -	*130

Felons, &c. (Tranfportation of) 39 Felony without Benefit of Clergy 162 Fire Arms (proving)

Fifh, (Salt seized, fold Duty-free for curing)

(Salt Duty-free for curing)

llS

22

124

in

97 95

97

70 5 7

#I43

Fifhery (Southern Whale)

Fleet Prifon (Relief for Prifoners) 113 Flux for Glass, Muriate of Potafh arising in Manufa&ure of, ( Glafs Makers disposing of)

Funded Debt,. Public,

Glafs Makers ( difpofingofMuriate of Potafh)

—----Sellers of (chargingadditional

Duties) -Gold Coin,

Grain (Diftillation)

Grand Canal Company (Applica tion of Money granted tol Grand Juries ( Bridges and Tolls prefenting) #	-	-	*77

Gratuities in Public Offices *130 Gun Barrel Proof House (Birmingham)	-	-	11	j

Hair Powder (from Wheat prohibited )	-	-	2

(Repealed c. 23. $ 1.)

Hides, Sellers of (charging additional Duties)	-	70

■	—	and Skins (colle&ing

Duties)	•	-	*60

HolyT rinity (impugningDo&rine) 160 Horfes (Duties and Taxes) *59 Hufbandry (Carriagesemployed in) 82 Hu dings and Poll Clerks (Weft-minder)	-	-	J52

Importation (additional Duties) 33.

•55.105

—	Banlla (additional

Duty repealed)	.	105

—■ --------Bermuda -	50

—	Britifh or Irifh-made

Spirits (fufpended)	-	7

S3 Geo. Ill,	4

Cap.

Importation, Cuflom Duties 33. 105

■	■	■—	Drawbacks and

Bounties -	-	*55

■	-----Newfoundland	67

-----  —----Pearls (Dutiesaltered) 105

----------— Rice (additional Duty) 10

------------Rum or other Spirits

(from Well Indies to Quebec) 37

■	-----South America	67

-----	-	Starch, Duties on (in

Part fufpended)	-	2.23

------------Weft Indies -	12.	67

--------	■ ■■■■■	under

Order in Council (Indemnity) ia

■	■ — -----Wine of Cape	of

Good Hope (Duty) -	84

-------------------(Spanifh Red) 8

Inland Navigation	-	#I44

Innkeepers (Diet fumifhing) 83 —■ - (Quartering Soldiers) 43 Jnfolvent Debtors (amending 52 G. 3. c. 165.)	6

--------------------  (Permanent

A&)	-	.	102.	*138

Jamaica and Saint Domingo (In-tercourfe prohibited) -	3

Judges (AnnuitiesonRefignation) 153 Juries, Grand (prefenting Bridges and Tolls) -	-	*77

Juftice (Adminiftration of)	24

Juftice of Peace (Manchefter and Salford) -	.72

Juftice8 of Peace (rating Wages,

Ac.)	40

Kilmainham Hofpital (Penfions) *154 King (Real and rerfonal Eftate) 14 King’s Bench Prifon (Relief for Prifoners)	-	-	113

Labourers (Juftices rating Wages,

&c.)	-	-	-	40

Land Tax -	-	14a

■ -------(Redemption) -	122

Letters and Packets (Poftage 1	*58

Licences, Excife, (transferred to Executors, &c.)	-	-	103

------ for Sale of Beer, &c.

by Retail -	-	**37

Life Annuities -	-	141

Loans, Annuities, Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Treasury Bills 15,

16.	26, 27. 41, 42. 53. *61. 69.

♦80. 118,119. *156.161. Local Militia. See Militia.

London Penitentiary Hovife - ifia 3 L	Las*

k^

INDEX TO THE PUBLICS GENERAL ACTS, js" GEO. IU.	n

London and Westminster (Coals, &c.)

Lotteries

'Exemption from Toll")

Cap.

*35

93

Mail,

(Scotland) repealed I ^ Rate of roftage as f Indemnity	J

— Coach Roads, Supervifors on, extended to Roads made and repaired by Preferment	*76

Male Servants (Duties and Taxes)

j 7

Malt (Annual Duties) -	15

Manchester (Jullice of Peace) 72 Manure -	-	-	82

Marine Forces (Regulation) - 25 Marlhalfea Prifon (Relief for Pri-foners)	-	-	1x3

Mary le Bone Park (New Street)

121

Mates of Merchant Veflels under

21 (Bonds from)	-	47

Members of Parliament (Controverted Elections, Trial)	71

-	 Eledions

of (multiplying Votes)	49

------------------------(	Writs

for Eledion of)	-	-	89

Mehfal Lands (Archbilhops and Bifliups demifing)	-	*92

Military Expenditure (auditing Accounts in-Spain and Portu-pa!)	.	.	150'

Militia Adjutants (Allowahccs) go

{Amending Ads -	\	$1

Enlifting into Regulars, J

-------(Pay and Clothing) *79.96

--■* * (Raifing and Training) *48 -----— Serjeant Majors (Allowances)	-	90

— ■■ - Subaltern Officers ( Allowances)	-	-	*79.	91

—" ■ (Local) -	-	28,	29

---------------  (Pay	and	Clothing)

96

■— (Tower Hamlets) Services (extended to United Kingdom)	-	•	-	-	132

Miners (inliftmg into Regulars) 20 Muriate of Potato (Glass Makers disposing of)	-	*97

Mutiny Ad (Army)	-	17

—-	(Marines) -	25

Cap.

Mutiny Ad. 5e*'Innkeepers. Soldiers. National Debt (Redemption)	35

Naval Penfions •	-	*86

Navigation (Inland) -	*144

Navy ((hipwrecked Seamen) -	£5

Nelion, Earl, (Annuity A& amended)	-	-	134

New Street (from Mary le Bone Park)	1* 1

Oath, Declaration in lieu of verifying Books of Dealers in Excile-able Articles)	•	8S

Officers of Cuftoms (Bonds from Mates of Merchant Veffeb	47

--------------------and	Excife,

feizing Salt, (Reward) -	22

-----------Marines	(Drawback of

Duties on Wines) -	44'

Offices and Employments (Dnties) 15

-- ----(Sale and Brokerage) 54. 129

Order in Couneil, Importation into West Indies under (Indemnity)	-	- *	12

Palmer John, Efq. (^50,000. to) 7 Pari to Churches (Scites ot)	*66

Parliament, Controverted Elections (Trial)	-	-	71

----------, Eledions of Members

(multiplying Votes) -	49

------------ Public Salaries, &c.

Increafe of, laid before	86

—	-.....Westminster, Elec-

tions for (Huftings and Poll Clerks)	-	-	1^2

—	- ----- Writs	for Eledions

(conveying)	-	-	89

Paymafter General of Forces	100

Penitentiary House -	-	162

Penfions (Annual Duties) -

-------- (Kilmainham Hofpital) *154

--------- (regulating Grants)	86

--------- (Widows of Military

Officers relieved from Stamp Duties on Receipt of)	-

Perceval,Speneer,Efq. (Confirmation of Renunciation of Penfions) 122 Perfonal Eftates (AnnualDuties) ij Pilots (Cinque Ports)	-	140

Plantations (Veflels carrying Paf-fengers to)	-	-	36

Poll Clerks and Huftings (Weft- * minster Eledion)	-	152

Polock (Salt Duty-free for curing) 124

Por.

lIXL/LiV XV me. ruuiiiviv	nv^>	53	Ul»*

Cap

Portugal (auditing Account! of M iitary Expenditure) •	150

'Exemption from Toll on Mail in Pod Office, <	Scotland rrpealt d ^ 6S

Rates of Poilage as Indemnity

---------- Duties	-	-	*58

■ ■ - ---(50,000 to John Pal-

nvr Etq.	-	-	157

Poll Roads	.	•	*14.6

r l\dl matter General (AfEftant Secretary' franking)	-	13

Pot.ifli, Murhtoof, (Glafs Makers dnpuli g of )	-	-	97

Piic s <»f Work (Jnlliwcaof	Peace

felting)	-	-	40

Priz s (American)	-	63

Promiflory Notes (reifluablc) 108 Public Accounts (auditing)	150

—------ Funded Debt (charge of) 95

■	-	■ Money ( Mode of receiving

&c )	-	-	*130

r-— Officers (Allowances) 86

■	---Offices 1 Fees, &c. in) *130

Salaries (Grants regulated) 86

-------Stores (Stat. 9 5c 10 VV.3.

c, 41. extended to ail)	-	126

Ray (Salt Duty free for curing) 124 Redemption and Sale of Land Tax 123 Regitlrar of Admiralty' (Office regulated)	-	•	'	Ijl

Regular Forces (Militia enlifting) 81

■ ■ ■ ------ (Miners	entitling)	20

Roads, made. See. by Prefentmeut *76

-------(Pod) -	-	*146

Roman Catholics (Relief)	-	128

Royal Canal Company (dilTolved)*Ioi Saint Domingo and Jamaica (In-tercourfe prohibited) -	3

Sale and Brokerage of Offices 54. 129 Salford (Juftice of Peace)	-	72

Salt, Duty-free (for curing Fifh) 124 seized, (Com mi IE oners of Excife felling, Duty-free) -	22

Salvage	-	-	87

Scate (Salt Duty-free for curing) 124 Schools, endowed ( Public and Private Foundation)	-	*107

Scotch Creditors (Payment)	65

Seamen shipwrecked -	85

Secretary to Poftmafter General, Affiftant (franking)	-	13

Cap.

Servants, Mak (Dutiesand Taxes)*§9 Session (Court of )	-	-	64

Session Houfes (building)	#I3*

Ship Owners (Fiaudson)	87

------------(Refponfibuity of )	139

Shipwrecked Seamen	-	85

Silver Tokens of Bank of Ireland (counterfeiting)	-	*ic6

Six Clerks (Court of Chancery in Inland)	-	-	*129

Slave Trade	-	-	112

Snuff (Annual Duties)	-	15

------- Sellers of (charging additional Duties)	-	70

Soldiers (Innkeepers quaitering) 4^

— ------------------- (Diet	furnim-

ing on March)	- -	83

—	--Trial of (Offences committed beyond Seas)	-	991

Southern Whale Fifhery (Ships) ill Spain, (auditing Accounts of Military Expenditure) in -	150

Spirits, British or Irifh-raadc (Importation fufpended)	-	7

■	11 (diftilled from Corn or

Grain)	-	*	“	94

--------Diflillation of (amending

A els regulating)	-	*145

, -------- — — Illicit (prevented)* 148

....... from Corn or Grain

(prohibited) -	-	7

■	.............. Sugar	(encou-

raged	*52

-	(Excife Duties fee u red) J47

.	----Exportation from Great

Britain to Isle of Man (fufpended)	-	-	-	HO

—--------- •	 a,	Ireland	to

Isle of Man (allowed)	-	*110

------- made from Sugar (Duties) .	-	-	*7

Spirituous Liquors (Licences to Retail)	-	-	#I37

Stage CoacheB (Duties fccured) 108 Stamp Duties, Regulations	108

-	...	— Widows of Mili-

tary Officers relieved from, (Receipt of Penfions)	-	*5l

Starch (from Wheat prohibited) 2 ( Repealed, c. 23. § I.)

Stipendiary Curates	-	149

Stores of War, Stat. 9 & 10 W. 3, c. 4t. for preventing Embezzlement

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 53"GEO. HI.

Cap.

ment of, extended to all Public Stores -	-	126

Sugar (Annual Duties) -	15

Bounties 7 on Exporta* b Drawbacks J tion of, 31, *3 2

I

•3‘ *52

-from

{

—. Brewing Beer)

'Countervailing Duties) ^Diftillation of Spirits) f Guadaloupe Mariegalante Martinique Saba

Saint Euftatia ^....-	Martin

—	Spirits made from (Duties)

—	Warehoufmg Spirits diftil-led from, without Payment of Duty

—— Worts or Wafh made from (Duties)	-	-	7.

Supcrvifors on Mail Coach Roads (extended to Roads repaired by Prefentment)	-	*76

Tarmonbury from Dublin (Canal)

#IOI

62. *io4» 10 5

*52

*47

Taxes (Affeffed)

Teller of the Exchequer, Penfions granted to Spencer Perceval, IJfq. renounced on taking Office of Timber used in Cornwall and Devon Mines (Drawback)

Tithes (Recovery)

Tobacco (Annual Duties)

-	■	■■ ■■ and Snuff, Sellers of

*59

122

10 5 127 15

70

(charging additional Duties) Tokens (other than Bank Tokens) circulating	-	19.	114

-------(Silver) of Bank of Ireland, (counterfeiting)	#ic6

Toll on Carnages employed in Hulbandry	-	82

Cap.

Tower Hamlets Militia, Services extended to United Kingdom 132 Tranfportation of Felons, &c.	39

Treasury, Commissioners of (Exchequer Bills on Credit of Aids,

&c. iffuing)	-	-43.

---------Bills (One per Cent, on

Amount issued to Commissioners of National Debt) -	*120

-------------See Loans.

Trinity (impugning Do&rine) 160 Turnpike Roads -	-	82

Vice Chancellor (Appointment) 24. Vote of Credit 1^5,000,000	-	161

Voting at Ele&ions (splitting, 5cc. Intereil in Houfes and Lands for)	-	49

Wages, &c. for Artificers, Scc.

(Juitices of Peace rating)	-	40

Warehoufmg Spirits distilled from Sugar without Payment of Duty	-	-	*52

Wellington, Marquis of, (Grant for Eftate)	•	4*	x33

Westminster Ele&ion (Huttings and Poll Clerks) -	-	152

Weymouth Ele&ion	-	49

Whale Fifhery	.	-	hi

Wheat, 5cc. Starch, 5cc. made from (prohibited)	-	2

(Repealed, c.23. f 1.)

Widows of Military Officers (relieved from Stamp Duties on Receipt of Penfions)	-	*51

Windows (Duties and Taxes)	*59

Windfor Foreft (inclofing) -	158

Wine (Licences to retail)	#I37

Wines, Drawback of Duties on, (Officers of Marines)	-	44

Wreck and Salvage	-	87

Writs for Ele&ions (conveyingj	89

