THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

59 GEORGE III. 1819.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers;

And fold by J. Botterworth and Son, Law Bookfeliers, in Fleet-Street.

1819.

(Price ll. 4s. <5d. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Palled in the FIRST Seffion of the SIXTH Parliament

OP

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

59 GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1.	AN Ad to provide for the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon XjL during the Continuance of Hi 8 Majefty’s Illnefs. Page i

2.	An Ad for reviving and further continuing, until the First Day

of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Ad made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to extend an Ad made in the Eighteenth Tear of Hu late Majesty King Oeorge the Second, to explain and amend the Law touching the Eledions of the Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, receding the Expences of Hufiingf and Poll Clerks y so far as regards the City of Westminster.	7

3.	' An Ad for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and oft Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen-	Ibid.

4.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Twenty Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	9

5.	An Ad to ascertain the Tonnage of Veffels propelled by Steam.

Ibid.

6.	An Ad to enable His Majesty to direct the Diftribution of any

Reward awarded by the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms or Exciie to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in such manner as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint.	10

7. An Ad to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England\	11

8.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Ad of tne last Seffion of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cafes. 19

9.	An Ad for puniftiing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better

Payment of the Army, and their Quarters	Ibid.

A 2	10.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

to. An Aft for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	Page 22

11.	An Aft to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of those Purpofes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to permit such Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attomies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Perfons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Perfons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. 23

12.	An Aft to amend the Laws For the Relief of the Poor. 24

13.	An Aft to continue Two Afts of the Fifty sixth and Fifty

eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes used for the Purpofes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one ; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Afts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Mules.	41

14.	An Aft to continue, until the First Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty three, an A A of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, tor permitting the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America.	43

15.	An Aft to continue, until the First Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty one, an Aft 01 the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for	certain	Duties	on	Merchan-

dife imported into Ireland froi	lace	within	the	Limits	of	the

Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.	44

16.	An Aft to carry into effect the Treaty with the Netherlands,

relating to the Slave Trade.	Ibid.

17.	An Aft to amend an Aft of last Seflion of Parliament, for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majesty arid tne King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves. 56

18.	An Aft to make perpetual an Aft of the Forty fourth Year of

His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the I (land of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJlandy in the Bahama IJlands, in American Ships coming in Ballaft.	62

19.	An Aft to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Con-folidatcd Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.	Ilid.

20.	An Aft to enable the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	66

21.	An Aft to amend several Afts for purchasing an Eftate for the

Duke of Wellington.	67

21. An Aft for the further Regulation of His Majefty’s Houfe-hold, and the Care of His Royal Perfon during the Continuance

of His Indifpofition.

69

23* An

* r

{Public General) 50° GEO. III.

tr

33.	An Ad to restrain, until the End of the present Seflion of Par-

liament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Caflt under certain Notices given by them for that Purpofe.	Page 73

34.	An AA to restrain, until the End of the present Seifion of Par-

liament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.	73

35.	An AA to enable His Majesty to fix the Rate and direA the

Difpofal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majefty's Ships and Veifels.	77

36.	An AA for fixing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	Ibid.

37.	An A A to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Veflels employed on Canals, Navigable Rivers and Inland N* tk»n%.

38.	An AA to empower Magistrates to divide the Court of Quarter Seffions.	78

*9- An AA to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles, and to impose other Duties In lieu thereof.	80

30.	An AA for veiling in Commilfioners the Line of Road from

Shrevsbury in the County of Salop, to Bangor Ferry fn the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Truflees under several AAs of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth. Thirty sixth, Forty first, Forty Second, Forty seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof 5 and for altering and repealing so much of the said AAs as affeAs the said Line of Road.	82

31.	An A A to enable certain Commilfioners fuUv to carry into

efficA several Conventions for liquidating Claims or Britj/k Subjects and others, against the Government of France.	Ibid.

33.	An AA to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and amend so much of an AA made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, as relates to Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excife Licences.	93

33.	An A A to continue, until the First Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty one, several AAs of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, refpeAing the Duties of Cuftoms payable on Merchandife imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.	04

34.	An AA to amend and render more effeAual several AAs for enabling the Commilfioners for the ReduAion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the said Commilfioners to grant Annuities for Lives or Years, for promoting the beneficial Purpofes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo Subfcription. 95

35.	An AA to amend an AA, palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to facilitate the Admnifiration of Juftice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes.	103

A 3

36. An

vi

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

36.	An Aft to repeal certain Afts now in force for regulating the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange where no Aflize is fet 5 and for establishing other Provifions and Regulations relative thereto.

Page 122

37.	An Aft for further regulating the Qualification of Members to

serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland.	136

38.	An Aft to enable His Majesty to make Regulations with refpeft

to the taking and curing Fifh on certain Parts of the Coafts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majefty’s other Poffeffions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majesty and the United States of America.	137

39.	An Aft for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of

the Exchequer at Wejlminfterf of Monies arising from the Duties of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage in England.	#	140

40.	An Aft to secure Spiritual Perfons in the Pofieffion of Benefices.

in certain Cafes.	14.x

41.	An Aft to establish Regulations for preventing Contagious Dif-

eafes in Ireland\	142

42.	An Aft for raifmg the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of

Annuities.	146

43.	An Aft to authorise the Receipt and Appropriation of certain

Sums voluntarily contributed by the Moft Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden, in aid of the Public Service.	Ibid«

44.	An Aft to amend an Aft palled in the Fifty seventh Year of

His present Majesty, for the more effectual Punifhment of Mureters, Manflaugliters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majefty9s Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Mureters, Manflaugliters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries ■ committed in Honduras.	148

45.	An Aft to explain and amend certain Afts relative to the Court

of Seflion in Scotland'.	149

46.	An Aft to abolish Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony or other

Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining Iffue and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.	151

47.	An Aft to indemnity Perfons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Eleftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

48.	An Aft to amend an Aft palled in the Fifty fifth Year of His

present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrew/-bury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commifiioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglefea.	153

49.	An Aft to continue the Reftriftions contained in several Afts

on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of England, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Refumption of such Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver.	1 c6

50.	An

7

(Public General) 59° GEO. IIL

Jo. An Aft to amend the Laws respecting the Settlement of the Poor, so far as regards renting Tenements.	Page	164

51.	An Aft to relieve Perfons compounding for their Affeffed Taxes, from an Annual Affeffment, for the Term of Three Years. Ibid.

52.	An Aft to repeal the federal Duties of Cuftoma chargeable in

Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.	177

53.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties

of Excife on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and Briti/b Spirits, and consolidating the fame with the former Duties thereon; and for amending certain Laws of Excife relating thereto.	337

54.	An Aft to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce con-

cluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal.	jcy

55.	An Aft to extend the Proviiions of Three Afts of the Fifty

second, Fifty third, and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for allowing Briti/b Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in Briti/b Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Veffels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.	359

56.	An Aft to make further Regulations as to the Payment of

Nary Prize Orders.	Ibid.

37. An Aft to alter and amend certain Laws of Excife in respect to Sak and Rock Salt.	368

5ft. An Aft for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.	304

59.	An Aft to extend the Proviiions of an Aft made in the Fifty

fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and	Marines,	to Wages due to inteftate

Baftards.	397

60.	An Aft to permit the Archbiihops of Canterbury and Tori, and

the Bifhop of London, for the time being, to admit Perfons into' Holy Orders specially for the	Colonies.	398

61.	An Aft to enable Counties and Stewartries in Scotland to give

aid to Royal Burghs iituated therein, for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols; or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common Gaols of Counties and Stewartnes which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.	400

ба.	An Aft for the Proteftion of Banks for Savings in Scotland.	406.

63.	An Aft to explain an Aft passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His

present Majesty, for purchasing an Eftate for the Duke of Wellington.	410

64.	An Aft to facilitate Proceedings against the Warden of The Fleet,

in Vacation.	41 r

65.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

railed by Lotteries.	412

бб.	An Aft to make farther Proviiions for the Regulation of Cotton

Mills and Fastories, and for the better Prefervation of the Health of young Perfons employed therein.	418

67.	An Aft to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thou-faod eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the

A it	^	Iflands

vu

r

Tui

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Xflands of Ceylom, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Gaud Hope*	Page	419

68.	An A& for exonerating the Manor of Dawli/b in the County

of Devon, from the Claims of the Crown against the Eftate of John Inglett Fortefcue Efquire.	420

69.	An A6t to prevent the enlisting or Engagement of His Majefty’s

Subje&s to serve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majefty’s Dominions, VefTels for Warlike Purposes, without His Majefty’s Licence.	Ibid.

70.	An Aj& to repeal certain A&s of the Parliament of Scotland,

regarding Duelling.	4*7

71.	An Aft for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Com-

miffioner8 for the Reduction of the National Debt.	428

72.	An A6t to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excife

pn Tobacco in Ireland.	430

73.	An A6t to repeal several A6fo, requiring the Mailers of VefTels

carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents; prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum.	435

74.	An A A to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the East Indies

and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to VefTels of 8eventy Tons Burthen and upwards.	436

75.	An A61 to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thou-

fand eight hundred and twenty. Two A6U, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	439

76.	An A& to establish further Regulations respecting Advances by

the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Purchafe of Government Securities by the said Bank.	440

77.	An A61 to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One

thousand eight hundred and twenty fix, an A61 for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported.	442

78.	An A6fc for transferring the Duty of the Supervifor of the

Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments to tile Comptroller General of the Cuftoma in England.	Ibid.

79.	An A61 to continue, until the First Day of August One thou-

fand eight hundred and twenty, Two A6ls of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders	to	London	and	IVejlminJlcr	by	Inland

Navigation.	443

80.	An A61 concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered by

Attorney in Courts of Ancient Demefne ; and to explain an A61 of His present Majesty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Eftates of Lunatics.	444

81 • An A61 to amend an A6fc of the last Seffion of Parliament, for appointing Commiflioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor ; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales ; to continue in force until the First Day of Augu/l One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence	until	the	End	of	the	then	next	Seffion

of Parliament.	445

82.	An

ix

(Public General) 59° GEO. IIL

82.	An A ft to amend an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of Hi*

prefeat Majefty’s Reign, for enabling the CommiffionerS of Cuf-toms and Port Duties in Ireland to purchase Premifes for erecting Docks, \Varehoufe8 and Offices in Dublin.	Page 449

83.	An Aft to grant Duties of Cuftoms and to allow Drawbacks on

certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles ; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Cuftoms in Ireland.	452

84.	An Aft to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improv-

ing the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Presentments, and for a more effectual lnveftigation of such Preferments, and for further securing a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under fame.	4.61

85.	An Aft to amend and correct an Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parifh Veftrief iu England.	491

86.	An Aft for regulating the Exercife of the Right of Common

of Pafture in the New Forefi, in the County of Southampton ; for repealing certain Parts of Two Afts palled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty second Years of His present Majesty ; and for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Glouccjler.	492

87.	An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excife in

Ireland on Malt.	497

88.	An Aft to repeal the annual Excife Duties upon Malt, Tobacco

and Snuff, continued by an Aft of the present Seflion* of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.	503

89.	An Aft to continue, until the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thou-

fand eight hundred and twenty four, an Aft made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.	505

9a An Aft for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties on Soap 5 for preferring the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excife on the Premifes of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excife Duties on Printed Calicoes.	Ibid.

91.	An Aft for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts

of Equity, regarding the Management of Eftates or Funds belonging to Charities.	514

92.	An Aft to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to aft as

such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are ; to make Provifion for the Execution of Warrants of Diftrefs granted by them ; and to authorise them to impose Fines upon Conftables and other Officers for Negleft of Duty, and on Mailers for 111 Ufage of their Apprentices.	517

93.	An Aft to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, an Aft, made in the

Fifty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to make Provifion for securing the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland.	520

94.	An Aft to explain and amend Two Afts, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, concerning the Difpofition of certain Real and Perfonal Property of Hi* Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors.	521

95. An

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

95.	An Ad for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parifhes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor. Page 524

96.	An Ad to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on Stage

Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other such Carriages $ and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties.	Ibid.

97.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad made in the Forty

sixth Year of His Majesty *s Reign, intituled An Ad for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in dijlant Parts upon the Seas, to tne Trial of Offences committed in Africa against the Laws for abolishing the Slave Trade.	526

98.	An Act to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the feveral

A618 for imposing Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland\ in respect of Offences relating to the unlawful D iff illation of Spirits; and to amend the said Adis 5 and to provide for the more effectual Prevention or Supprefiion of such Offences.	C27

99.	An Ad to continue, until the First Day of June One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftridions on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of Ireland, and to direct the gradual *Refump-tion of Cafh Payments by the said Bank.	538

100.	An Adi to amend an Adi of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, relating to Prifons in Ireland.	542

101.	An Adi to enlarge the Powers of an Adi passed in the Fifty

sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Tranfportation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.	543

102.	An A A for further regulating the Appointment of Game-

keepers in Wales.	544

103.	An Adi to repeal so much of Two Adis as require certain

Accounts to be laid before Parliament 5 and to amend an Adi of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament.	547

104.	An Adi to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excife, with regard to Crown Glafs and Flint and Phial Glass; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glafs.	548

105.	An Adi tor granting to His Majesty an additional countervailing Duty on Spirits extradled in England or Ireland refped-ively, and imported into Scotland; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain; and for exempting from all countervailing Duties the Leather and Glafs of Carriages brought by Perfons for private Ufe from Ireland into Great Britain, or from Great Britain into

Ireland.	552

106.	An Adi to amend the several Adis for securing the Payment

of the Duties of Excife upon certain Licences, and regulating the issuing of such Licences ; and for securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled by licensed Diftillers in Ireland.	554

107.	An Adi to consolidate and amend several Adis for regulating

the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ana Protedlion of certain Goods in Ireland.	566

108.	An Adi to amend several Ads relating to the Poll Office and

Conveyance of Letters in Ireland.	583

109.	An Ad for the further Encouragement and Improvement of

the Irijb Fifheries.	586

no. An

. (Public General) 59° GEO. III.

i jo. An Ad to remove Doubts respecting the Dues payable to the Levant Company.	Page 611

in. An Ad to repeal so much of an Ad, patted in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Poftage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cafe of Good Hofe> Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies; and to make other Regulations refpeding* the Poftage of such Letters and Packets, and other Letters and Packets font by the Poft.	615

112.	An Ad to grant, until the Fifth Day of July One thonfand

eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufadures of Great Britain.	622

113.	An Ad for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed

in the Southern Whale Fifhery.	Ibid.

114.	An Ad to stay Proceedings against any Governor or other

Perfons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in Neva South Wales ; to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties ; and to empower the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.	624

tic. An Ad to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excife on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glass, and to impose other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.	6fc6

116.	An Ad to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Con-

tingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain; ana for granting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Seijeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty.	631

117.	An Ad for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermafters of the said Militia during Peace. 633

118.	An Ad to give Relief in certain Cafes of Afielbnent of Taxes

in Great Britain, and to Perfons compounding for their Aflefled Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Afieffment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.	637

119.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad passed in the Thirty

first Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.	643

120.	An Ad for establishing a Kegiftry of Colonial Slaves in Great

Britain, and for making further Provifion with respect to the Removal of Slaves from British Colonies.	645

in. An Ad to make further Regulations for the Prevention of

122.	An Act to permit VefTels under a certain Tonnage to trade

between the United Kingdom and New South Wales.	658

123.	An Ad to empower the Officers of the Cuftoms in Great Britain to allow Reports of VefTels’ Cargoes to be amended; to require Goods which have been warehoused without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Veftels by Perfons licensed for that Purpose; to dircd that Cocquet and Bond shall be required for Slate and

Stone

The TITLES of die STATUTES,

Stone carried Coaftwife ; and to empower Officers of the Cuftoma to administer Oaths.	Page 659

124.	An Aft for amending an Aft made in the Forty third Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Veffels carrying Paflengers from the United Kingdom to His Majefty’s Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Palfengers, and for making further Pro-vifion for that Purpofe.	663

125.	An Aft to admit certain Goods imported from the East Indies to Entry and • Payment of Duty without being warehoused ; and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guernsey and Jerjey9 and the Removal of certain India Goods to Liver-

pool, Lancqjler, Brijlol and Glafgotv, foi	portation.	664

126.	An Aft for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Drawback of

Duty on Coals used or consumed in calcining or smelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals used in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the said Counties.	666

127.	An Aft for making Provifion for the better Care of Pauper

Lunatics in England.	667

128.	An Aft for the further Proteftion and Encouragement of friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes therein.

129.	An Aft to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three

Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, Three Afts of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England.	675

130.	An Aft to continue the several Afts for the Relief of Infolvent

Debtors in Ireland, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.	Ibid.

131.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred

thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bilk, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	676

132.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Two Millions Briti/b Currency,

by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	Ibid.

133.	An Aft for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.	Ibid.

x 34. An Aft to amend and render more effectual an Aft palled in the last Seffion of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parilhes.	689

135'. An Aft to repeal Two Afts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of Hi3 present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; to provide more effeftualfy for that Purpose; and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland.	705

136.	An Aft for the better Regulation of the General Penitentiary

for Convifts at Millbank.	717

137.	A11 Aft to enable the Direftors of the Poor of the several Parifhes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parilhes united therewith, to fell and dispose of certain Lands, discharged of all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under

669

the Statutes of Mortmain.

(Public General) 69° GEO, III.

138.	An Ad for appointing Commiflioners for carrying into execution an Ad of this Semon of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England; ana an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.	Page	724

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. A N Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Ads of His late and present Majefty's Reign, for repairing the Roads therein respectively mentioned and described, in the County of York ; so far as the said Ads relate to the Road leading from the South weft Corner of the Inclofures of Harrogate9 through Knarejborough, to Borougbbridge.	Page 726

u.	An Ad for fighting with Gas the City of Briflol, and certain

Parifhes adjacent thereto.	Ibid.

iiL An Ad for regulating the Police of the Burgh cf Colton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and PaiTages of the said Diftrid ; and for erecting a Court House, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein.	Ibid-

hr. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads patted in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majefty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newtony in the County of Dorset, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset.	727

v.	An Ad to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and

Company of the British Plate Glafs Manufadure.	Ibid.

vi. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ads of His late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Road leading from Cbappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary’s Bridge in Derby, and from the Guide Pojl, in the Parifh of Lentonf to Sawley Ferry.	Ibid.

riL An Ad for more effectually repairing the Road from the Golden Farmery near Bag (hot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hilly and from thence to Bafing/loke and Odiham, and from Odiham to the Great Weftem Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton ; and also from Odiham aforesaid to a Place called the Bull Inn, in the Parilh of Swallowfieldy in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reacting, in the County of Berks, to Bqfingftoke aforesaid.	Ibid.

viii.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon’s Study to Chilton Pond,

and

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and other Roads in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Road called Tbs Abingdon DiftriB.	Page 727

ix.	An Aft for abolishing the rayment of certain Tolls called Ingates

and Out gates, collected at the several Entrances into the Town of Liverpool\ in the County of Laneajler, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for grantingotherTolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said Markets and Fairs.	Ibid.

x.	An Aft for more effectually making, Heightening, repairing and

improving the Road from near the Town of Lewes to Polegate, in the Parilh of Hailsham, and from thence to Eajlbourne, and from Polegate to Hailfham Common, in the Countv of Suffix.	728

xi.	An Aft for altering, amending and extending the Provifioni of an

Aft palled in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and altering the Parilh Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provifion for the Reftor of the said Parilh, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, m the West Riding of the	County of Tork.	Ibid.

xiii.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or

from near the City of Carlijle, to the Solway Frith, at or near FifhePs Crofsy in tne Parilh of Bownefs, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

xiv.	An Aft to enable the Justices of Peace for the County of Brecon

to take down the present County Bridge over the River UJi, and to build Two new Bridges over the Rivers Senny and UJk in lieu thereof.	Ibid.

xv.	An Aft for railing a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or

otherwise, for the purpose of erecting a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh of Saint John of flapping, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

xvi.	An- Aft to enlarge the Powers of Three Afts of HW present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other public Places within the King’s Town of Maidjlone, in the County of Kent, and better supplying the Inhabitants with Water; and for watching the said Town, and making public Wharfs therein.

Ibid.

*vii. An Aft for lighting with Gas the Town and Parilh of Cheltenham and Precinfts thereof,	in the County of Gloucester.	729

xviii.	An Aft for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House Beck, in the Townlhip of Ireby, in the County of Lancajlcr, to Kirkby Lonfdale and Kirltby Kendal, in the County of Wejlmor-land, and through Kirkby Lonfdale to Milnthorp in the said County.

Ibid.

xix.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Comer, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abinglon Street, in the Town of Northampton.	Ibid.

xx.	An Aft to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light

and Coke Company, and to amend Three Aft9 of His present Majesty relating to the said Company.	Ibid.

xxi.	An

(Local $ Personal) 59° GEO. III.

ui. An Aft for lighting, watching and clean fin g Long Lane, in the Parifli of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and the Streets, Lanes, Paflagea and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the fame Parifh.	Page	729

xxii. An Aft for providing that the several Highways within the Parifh of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lane after, shall he repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Townfhips within which the fame are situate.	Ibid'.

xxiii. An Ad for fubjeding certain Streets and Places within and adjacent to the Parifh of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, called Optional Streets, to the fame Rates for paving, deanfing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the (aid Parifh ; and for altering, so far as relates to the said Parifh, certain Ads for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent.	Ibid.

xxhr. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Croft to Peterborough Bridge, ah in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

xxt. An Ad for repairing the Road from Skelton*s Lane in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton, in the Parim of Bigglef-iade, in the County of Bedford.	730

xxvi. An Ad for further continuing, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Ad of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majejty, for enabling the Commiinoners acting in execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into effect.	Ibid.

. xxvii. An Ad to alter and amend Two Adsof His present Majefty’s Reign, for making further Proviiion for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery.	Ibid.

$x?ni. An Ad for eft abli (King an A flay Office in the City of Glaf-

gow.	733

xxix.	An Ad for altering and amending an Ad for making and

maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near FaUnrk, in the County	of	Stirling.	745

xxx.	An Ad for improving the Lighthoufe on the I He of Anglesea,

belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Ads relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liver-pod.	Ibid.

xxxi.	An Ad to enable the Commiflioners for improving the Har-

bour of New Shore ham, in the County of Sujsex, to raise more Money for completing the said Harbour and the^Works thereto belonging.	Ibid.

Ad for supplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of tne Town ship of Habergharn Eaves, both in the Pariih of Whalley,	in	the	County Palatine of Lancaster.	Ibid.

xixiii. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a New Court

Houfe

xxxn.

XT

Tlie TITLES of the STATUTES,

House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeeny and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other purposes relating thereto.

745

xxxiv.	An Aft for paving, lighting, watching and improving the

Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancajltr.	746

xxxv.	An Aft for building a new Church in the Pariffi of Saint

Luke, Chelfeaj in the County of Middlefexy and for other purposes relating thereto.	.	Ibid.

xxxvi.	An Aft for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parifti

of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey y and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.	Ibid.

xxxvii.	An A A for defraying the Expences incurred in taking

down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the Parifti of Jarronvy in the County Palatine of Durham.	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for building a Chapel of Eafe in the Parifh of

Boflon, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Aft for establishing a Seleft Veftry in the Parifh of Saint

P oner as y in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xl. An Aft for lighting the City of Carli/le9 and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.	Ibid.

xli. An Aft for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton> in the County of Nor-thampton.	Ibid.

xlii. An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroudy in the County of Glou-cejler.	Ibid.

xliii. An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts of the Reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge • in the County of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Moldy in the said County of Flint.	Ibid'.

xliv. An Aft for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset.	747

xlv. An Aft: for more effectually repairing the Road from Brickers Barn, in the Parifh of Corjhamy in the County of Wilts, to the Road leading from Kingfdown to Bath Eajlouy in the County of Somerset.

Ibid.

xlvi. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Eve/bam Bridge9 in the County of Worcejlery to Alcejlery in the County of Warwick.

Ibid.

xlvii. An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridgey in the County of Middle-fexy to Sparrow9s Heme, in the County of Hertford.	Ibid.

xlviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Afts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Harnbam Hilly near the City of New Sarum9 through Blandford and DorcheJlcry to AJkerwell Hill; *nd from Harnbam

Hill

[Local 4* Personal) 59° GEO. III.

ffiS aforesaid, to % House called Mafter Baker’s Farmhoise, in the Countie* of Wiks and Dorfct.	Page 747

zlix. An A61 for repairing the Road from Brom/grove in the County of WorccJUr to Birmingham in the County of Warwick.	Ibid•

L An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an A61 of His present Majessy, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condovcr and Dorrtngton, and other Roads in the said Ad mentioned, in the County of Salop,	748

li. An Ad for more effeduajly repairing the Road from CTdheroe tg Wbailey, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brook, in the County Palatine of Eancafter; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and tVhalley.	Ibid•

hi. An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His present Majessy, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Darjjei\ passing through or near the Town of Teovil; and for repairing the Road from Mudford Bridge to Marjlon Elm, in the said County of Somerset.	Ibid*

liii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, for repairing the Roaa from Dewjbury to Edand, in the Well Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

lir. An Ad for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His present Majessy, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to EdgbiU in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

It. An Ad for improving the Harbour of Bude% in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour of Budfi to or near the Village of Thorn. . bury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon.	Ibid.

hi. An Ad for more effectually maintaining and amending the Road firpm Crofrford Bridge to the Town of Manchefer, in the County Palatine of Lancqfier.	Ibid*

Irik An Ad for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin; and for more effect tually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein. 749 Iriii. An Ad for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Durham and Berwick 1 and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned ; and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed•

Iked.

lit. An Ad for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Ads for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr apd Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Damamock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries Ibid. lx. An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad of His urefent Majesty for repairing the Bonds leading into the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith ; for transferring the Road from Worms low Tump %9 Harewood, from the Mqdlcy\Q> the Hereford Diftrid, and for making a new Road froip the 59 Geo. III.	a

XYU

xviti

The TITLES "of the STATUTES,

Woodf in the Parifh of Hmtland, to the Confines df the Pariift of Ganertw, in the County of Hereford, as a Third Diftrift.

Page 749

Ixi. An Aft for railing further Sums of Money for building and fup-porting the Meath Hofpital and County of Dublin Infirmaiy. Ibid* lxii. An Aft for amending several Afts of His present Majesty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.	Ibid.

ixiii. An Aft for repairing and altering, and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parifh Church of Saint John the Baptifiy Peterboroughy in the County of Northampton.	Ibid.

lxiv. An Aft to alter and amend the several Aftspafled for making and maintaining the LancaRer Canal Navigation.	750

Ixv. An Aft for taking down and rebuilding the'Parifli'Church of Blackbumy in the County Palatine of Lancafier ; and for providing additional Burial Ground, and' for equalifing the Church Rates in the said Parifli, and other purposes.	Ibid*

lxvi. An Aft for altering and amending the several Aft8 passed for making a Canal from the Grand JunSion Canaly in the Parifh of Paddingtony to they River Thames, in the Parifh of Limeboufcy in 'the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

lxvii. An Aft for altering and enlaiging the Powers of an Aft passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Keign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glaf-gow with Water.	Ibid.

lxviii. An Aft for better supplying the Town of Birminghnmy in the County of Warwiciy with Gas.	Ibid.

lxix. An Aft for enabling the Governor mid Guardians of the Poor of the City of Glouccfler to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Contrafts for that Purpofe.	Ibid..

lxx. An Aft to provide for the Eleftion of Trustees of the Royal Exchangey Dublin•	Ibid.

lxxi. An Aft for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfmg, regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Aft for altering and amending an Aft of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleanfmg the City of PertPy and for maintaining Police-and good Order within . the said City.	Ibid.

lxxiii. An Aft for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields and * Saint George Bloom/bury9 in the County of Middlefexy and for vesting the foie Management thereof in the Veftrymen of the said Parifhes, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.	.751

lxxiv. An Aft for paving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Neots9 in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid. lxxv. An Aft for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Rom-fordy in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of

lxxvi. An Aft for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parifhes of Congrejburyy Puxtony Winfcombcy Banwelty Churchilly Kewstoke, Week Saint Lawrencey and Tattony in the County of Somerset.	Ibid.

lxxvii. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty for draining, inclosing and improving the 17	Lands.

(Local	Personal) '59° GEO. III.

Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the fame into a Parifh, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for such Parifh.	Page	751

lxxviii. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen loads and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fen9 called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam otherwise Grant, West ; and the Hardlands of Bottifbam, Swaffham Bulbed, and Swaffham Prior,	Eall ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

xxix. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of several AAs of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of th^ Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned ; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ou%e, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.	Ibid.

Ixxx. An Ad for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bradford to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of Tork.	752

Ixxxi. An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Bamf-dale through Pontefraff, and from thence to a certain Place called Thwaite Gate, all in the West Riding of the County of Tork. Ibid. lxxxii. An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads of His late and present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and tor repairing several other Roads in the said County, communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Ads.	.	.	Ibid.

Ixxxiii. An Ad for .making and maintaining a Road from Marl-isorough, to the present Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parifh of Liddington, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.	«•

Ixxxiv. An Ad to continue and amend Three Ads for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe HiU Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford Diftrid of the said Roads.	Ibid.

Ixxxv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chefler. Ibid. Ixxxvi. An Ad for more effectually repairing and approving the Road from Shrewfbury to Prefon Brockhurjl, to Shawbury and to Sbreybill, and other Roads in the County of Salop.	Ibid.

Ixxxvii. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Tun-fall and Bofley Turnpike Road at GiUow Hollow, in the Parifh of Biddulpb, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Dane-infbaw Bridge in the County of Chester, with a Branch to the laid TunflaB and Bofley Turnpike Road at Lich Lane, in the said Panih of Biddulpb.	7^3

Ixxxviii. An Ad Tor repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Brishors, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with lie 4ne.	Ibid.

a 2	lxxxix.	An

xix

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Ixxxix. An Ad for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts ; ana for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokrfbrd, in the said County.	Page	7C3

xc. An Ad for altering and amending Two A6U passed in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Road from the City of Glafjgow to the City of CarBfle.	Ibid*

xci. An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to ?«i-fone, in the County of Tori.	Ibid.

xcii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feteral Ads relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds9 through Hare* wood, to the South West Corner of the Inclofures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of Tori.	Ibid*

xciii. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, to-a Place called the Land?* End in Prcjlvjicb, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.	Ibiek

xciv. An Ad for amending the Road from Tadcafier to Holton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of Tori.	754,

xcv. An Ad for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads round the City of nrijlol, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the fame.	Ibid*

xcvi. An Ad for enlarging the Term' and Powers of Three Ad# of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcefcr, Stafford and Salop, to far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly nail, and other Roads therein mentioned ; and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them.	Ibid*

xcvii. An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenter den to the Town of Afhford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddendeo, in the said County. Ibid* xcviii. An Ad for further continuing the Term and enlaraing the Powers of Two Ads, patted in the Seventeenth Year and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and .other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.	Ibid*

xcix. An Ad for continuing and.amending Three Ads of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bronm’s Lane is Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poft near WelBngborongh Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from die Pound in the Kimbolton, to the Way Poft near Bringttm Bridge, in the said County of Northampton.	Ibid*,

c* An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Ads of His late and present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parifti Church of Nuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Walling*

19	yw

(Local if Personal) 59* GEO. IIL

ford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, in the County of Barks.	Page	7c	5

d An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads, paged in the Seventeenth and Thirty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and also the Road branching out of the fame in Kempfion Fiddy in the County at Bedford.	ibid.

di. An Ad	for	continuing	the	Term and enlarging the Powers

of an Ad of His present Majesty *s Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hilly in the County of MiddUfex.	ibid.

cm. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad patted in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefont Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee-, in the County of Forfar.	Ibid.

civ. An Ad for giving further Powers to the Company of Pro-

Kors of the Portjmoutb and Arundel Navigation, and to the pany of Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Jundion Canal, and to confirm an Agreement entered into between the said Companies.

. Ibid.

cv. An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable Cut, and sdfo a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their said Canal at Henms Bridge near Wigan* to join the Duke of Bridgewater** Canal at Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancasier; and to amend the Several Ads relating to the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Ad for making tne Rochdale Canal, so far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridgewater• *	Ibid.

cvi. An Ad to explain and amend an Ad of the-Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing an Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Weary and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham ; and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port and Haven.	756

oii.	An Ad to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Newcq/llc under Lyme with Gas.	Ibid.

cviii. An Ad to repeal Part of an Ad made in the Fifty first Year of His prefont Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, aid otherwise regulating the Ponce of die Town of Dumfries.	Ibid.

dx. An Ad for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin* to Navast* in the County of Meath.	Ibid.

cx. An Ad for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County.	Ibid.

cxL An Ad to vary and alter certain Ads of His present Majesty, relating to the Grand Jundion Canal, the Grand Jundion Water Works, and the Regents Canal% in order to effect an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of the Regents Canal Navigation and Grand Jundion Water	Works.	Ibid.

fdL An Ad for amending an Ad of His present Majesty, re-fpediag the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for mea-

a 3	faring.



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

furing, searching and sealing Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of Fork.	Page	756

cxiii. An Ad for erecting, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and Paifages across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar.	757

cxiv. An Ad for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Grounds thereof.	^	Ibid.

cxv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parifti of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Prifon of War on the Foreft of Dartmoor, in the Parilh of Lydfdrd, in the said County. Ibid. cxvi. An Ad for more effectually supplying the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with	Water-	Ibid.

cxvii. An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranjlonhill Water Works to improve their Wqrks.	Ibid.

cxviii. An Ad for paving, cleaniing, lighting and watching the Town of Harwich, in the County of EJJex, and supplying the fame with Water.	Ibid.

cxix. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of several A ds of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual several Ads for paving, cleaniing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties of Wefminjlcr, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of Commiffioner8; and for other Purposes, as far as the fame relate to a Street and ■ Pastage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of

Middlesex.	Ibid.

cxx. An Ad for paving, cleaniing, lighting, watching, watering, planting and otherwise improving Edwardes Square, Earl's Terrace, Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kensington Place Eqfl, and Kensington Place Wejl, in the Pariih of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kensington, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

cxxi. An Ad to repeal so much of an Ad of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and UJk Diftrids of Road, and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch of Road from the said UJk Diftrid. 758 cxxii. An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty *s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poll in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford.	Ibid*

cxxiii. An Ad for making and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk.	Ibid.

cxxiv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad pasted in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as such Ad relates to the Road'from Stump Cross in the Pariih of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold, in the Codnty of Gloucester.	Ibid.

cxxv« An

(Local % Personal) 59° GEO. III.	scxki

■cxxv. An Ad for authorising the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paving, lighting, cleansing and good Order of the said Town. Page 758 exxvi. An Ad to rebuild Windfor Bridge, in the Borough of New Windfor, in the County of Berks i and to improve the Avenues thereto.	Ibid.

cxxvii. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS 4o repeal the Ads now in force relating to Bread to be fold in the City ©/“London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of MortaBtj, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange ; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the fame Limits* '	Ibid.

cxxviii. An A6t for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down, \o Belfafl. in. the County of Antrim.	759

PRIVATE ACTS,-

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND.WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN’ IN EVIDENCE.

1.	A N Ad for inclosing certain Lands in the Parifh of Bitton

XJL in the County of Gloucester.	760

2.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and

Arlecdon, in the Parifhes of Lamplugh and Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid•

3.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Clone and Manheim,

in the County of Kildare.	Ibid.

4.	An Ad for facilitating Partition of the Eftates of Charlotte

Myddelton Biddulph Widow, the Honourable Frederick West and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddelton Spinfter, whereof Partition haw been decreed to be*made by His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery.	•	Ibid.

y. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Rodbome, in the Parifh of Saint Paul, Malmfbury, in the County of Wilts. -	761

6.	An Ad to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the

Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant Leafes of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Curacy.	Ibid.

7.	An Ad for veiling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred

Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trustees, for Georgiana Amelia Countefs de Durfort, in trust for Sale.	Ibid.

An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

9.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bambrough, in the West Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid*

a 4	10.	An

uiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

10.	An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Eafi Drayton,

in the County of Nottingham.	Pare	761

11.	An Ad to amend an Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor

of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey ; and to determine the Boundary of the Parifh of Beddington, and the adjoining Parifh, upon a certain Common called Mitebam Common, Part whereof is intended to be inclosed under the said A d.	Ibid.

12.	An A61 for inclosing Lands within the Parifhes of Martock and

Mucbelnejt in the County	of Somerset.	Ibid.

13.	An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Durrington, and in

the Tithing of Knighton, in the Parifh of Figbektean, in Jthe County of Wilts.	762

14.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Eafi Rudhamf

•	Weft Rainham,	and HeThoughtony in the County of Norfolk. /£&/•

15.	An Ad for inclosing Fariftgton Mofs9 and other Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Manor and Townfhip of Faringtony in the Parifh of Penwortham, in the County Palatine oiLancq/ler.

Ibid.

16.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Penfion, in the

West Riding of the County of Tork9 and for the Commutation of Tithes within the fame Townfhip.	Ibid.

17.	An Ad for inclosing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Wafte Ground, called Oker Sill and Grofs Greeny within the Townfhip of Wenfiey and Snittertony in the Parifh of Darleyf in the County of Derby ; and for applying the Rents and

. Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the (aid Townfhip.

Ibid.

18.	An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of TelTtng9 in the

County of Huntingdon* and for making a Compensation for the Tithes.	Ibid.

19.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Stanton Lacy

and Bromficld9 in the County of Salop.	763

20.	An Ad to authorise the Sale of Lands fettled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton9 in the County of Salop.

Ibid.

ti. An A^d for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the PofTeflion8, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the HiUy in the County of MiddUfcxj to grant Building Leafes of certain of the Grounds and Eftates heretofore of the laid John Lyon. Ibid. 22. An Ad to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hertford to rebuild the Almfhoufes of Saint Catherine* e Hofpitai, in tne Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Chanty.	Ibid.

2.3. An Ad to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to dif-charge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford.	Ibid.

24. An Ad for empowering Trustees to fell certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devHed by the Will of John Broadhurfi Enquire, and to lay out the Purchafe Money arising from the Sale thereof m the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, > and to the fame Ufes.	Hid.

>5* An Ad for effeding an Exchange of certain Eftates in die w	County

XXV

(Private, printed,) 59° GEO. IIL

Comity of WorceJUr, in part devised by the Will of Arthur Cbarktt Esquire, and in part purclfefed under the Diredions thereof, for certain other Eftates in the Countie® of Worcefer and Hertford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Efquire* Page 763

26.	An A6t for enabling William Archer Discon, and other the

Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leafes of One Moiety of certain Free* hold Lands called Spice Jjland, in the Pariih of Saint George, in the County of ATtddleJex,	Ibid.

27.	An Ad for vetting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of

Gortby, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of David Stewart Monereiffe Efouire, deceased, in Truttees, to fell the fame, and apply the Purchafe Money arising by such Sale in the Payment of tne Land Tax due out of the said Ettate, and certain other Entailed Eftates descendible to the Heirs taking under the said Deed; for purchasing and entailing other Lands more conveniently situated; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said Entailed Eftates.	764

28.	An Ad to confirm the Title of the Mott Noble WiHiam Spencer Duke of Dtvonshire, to the Manors of Brindle and Inskip, and Eftates in Brindle, Infkip and Ecclejton, in the County of Lancafer,

Ibid.

29.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in Winton cum Barmjlon, and

Barmjlon, in the Pariih of Barmjlon, in the East Riding of the Comity of Tori.	Ibid.

30.	An Ad for inciofing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Pariih of Thornton in Craven, in the County of Tori. Ibid.

Jl* An Ad for inciofing Aldington Freight, otherwise Aldington Frith, in the Pariih of Aldington, in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

52.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Pariih of. Ingham, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

33. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Pariih of Harlingfon, in the County of Middlesex,	Ibid*

34 An Ad for vetting certain Eftates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gl&uctflcr, Worcefer and* Durham, deviled by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufe*.	*	765

35.	An Ad for confirming and eftablilhing Leafes and Contrads

for Leafes made by the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Thpnuu Holloway Esquire, deceased, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leafehotd Eftates and Property; and for enabling them to make Leafes and Contrads for Leafes of other Parts of the fame Eftates and Property, in manner therein mentioned.	Ibid,

36.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Pariih of WJl Walton, in

the County of Norfolk,	Ibid,

37.	An Ad for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities of

Jkfepb Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling in the laid Trustees so incorporated, Real and Perfonal Eftates of the said Joseph Evans, for tne Support of the said Charities.	Ibid.

38.	An Ad for veiling the Settled Eftates of Lancelot Rollesion,

Esquire,

Xxvi

Tte TITLES of the STATUTES,

Esquire, in Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham* iir Trustees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for pur-chafing other Eftates with the Keiidue of the Purchafe Monies, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Page 765

39. An Aft to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Bsquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leafes of Eftates vetted in him as Tenant in Tail Male ; and for confirming certain Leafes already granted by them.	Ibid.

40* An Aft to enable the Committees of. the Eftate of Thomas Smyth Efquire to' sign Con fen ts to Leafes of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for i	vetting Part of the Glebe in Trustees for Sale, for the Purpofes

.	therein mentioned.	Ibid.

41.	An Aft'for in doling Lands in the Paritti of Norton m Hales,

in the County of Salop.	766

42.	An Aft for vetting the Eftates devised by the Will of Hannah Po*wnaIl Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale ; and for investing the Purchafe Money in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the former Ufes* Hid.

43.	An Aft for vetting in Fee-limple in the Right Honourable . George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in Pofleffion, certain

Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain other Lands in the Couni* f

AJUCidbCcTly CUUlYdlCUL 111 V dlUC lUCrCUlt	,

44.	An Aft for vetting the Manor of Oram, and certain Meffuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sujsex, Part of the Settled Eftates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold, and for vetting the Money arif-ing from such Sale in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to#the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

45.	An Aft for assisting the rebuilding of London House, belonging

to the See of London.	Ibid.

46.	An Aft for vetting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Jofeph

Fayrer, and now held in undivided Shares, in a Truftee, to be fold; and for investing the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be conveyed to them, according to their refpec-tive Rights and Interests, in lieu of such Shares.	770

47.	An Aft to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late Peter Bernard; Surgeon; to grant Building Leafes of Land devised by his said Will, iituated in the Town and County of Southampton.

48.	An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, far better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe of Nether Warden, in the County 01 Northumberland. Ibid.

49.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Paritti of Alvingham, in the

Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.

Ibid.

County of Lincoln.

Ibid.

rKi-

(Private, not printed,) 69° GEO. III.

- xxrii

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

50.	A N Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chulham and l\. Wefiboume, in the County of Sujsex, and in the Pari(h of WarbUngton, in the County of Southampton.

.	[Provifo for Titles.']

51.	An Ad to authorise the Cutting and Sale of a limited Quantity of Timber off the Eftates of The Right Honourable John, late Lord Selfey, situated in the County of Suffix, for Payment of his Debts, and for imposing certain Reftridions on the cutting of Timber off the fame Eftates in future Years.

52.	An Ad for inclosing Lands .in the Manor of Rawridge, and Parifh of Utottery, in the County of Devon.

53.	An Alt for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Firjby in the County of Lincoln.

[RedoPs Allotment ring fenced.]

54.	An Ad for dividing,. allotting and inclosing certain L^rnds within the Parifh of SydJing Saint Nicholas otherwile Broad Sydling, and UpfydTtng, in the County of Dorset.

55.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvechurch, in the County of Worcester.

56. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Hayden, Hayden Wick, and Moreden, in the Parifh of Rodbome Cheney, in the County of Wilts.

57.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Leqfingham, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An A 61 for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Over Whit acre, in the County of Warwick.

[ Allotment to perpetual Curate in lieu of Great Tithes, and for Glebe. Exoneration• from Great Tithes. Power of leafing to perpetual Curate, with Confent of Bi/bop and Patron. Provifo for Modufes.]

59.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Selfey, in the County

of Sujfex.	,

60.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Cumberworth, in the County of Lincoln.

^Allotment to Re dor for Glebe and Common Right. Allotment for great and small Tithes. Allotment, and Money Payments in lieu of all Tithes. Glebe and Tithe Allotments fenced. Tithes payable till Allotments made. Power to Re dor to lease Allotment.]

61.	An Ad for inclosing Lands, within the Manors of Great Broughton and Little Broughton, in the Parifh of Bridekirk, in the County of Cumberland.

[Allotment to George Whittaker in lieu of Tithes of Corn, &c. Allotment to Vicar of Bridekirk, in lieu of Vicarial Tithes• Powers of leafing and building to Vicar of Bridekirk.]

62.	An AdTor inclosing 'Lands within the Townfhip of Greyfouthen,

, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, and in the Parifh of

Brigham, in the County of Cumberland*

[Allotments for Tithes of Ancient Inclofures and Commons.]

63.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

63.	An Aft to dilTolve the Marriage of John Trelawny with Caroline his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

64.	An A A to dilTolve the Marriage of Richard Halford the Younger, Banker, with Sarah Toumay Halford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes.

65.	An A A to dHTolve the Marriage of JVilliam Procher Thomas, Clerk, with Arabella Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

66.	An A6t to dilTolve the Marriage of John Clitherow Esquire, Captain in His Majedy’s Third Regiment of Guards, and a Lieutenant Colonel m the Army, with Sarah Clitherow, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

67.	An A61 for vetting the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the Deeds of Entau made by Sir Andrew Ramfay of Abbot/ball, and George Muirhead Writer in Edinburgh, lying in the rarilh of Whittingham, and Conftabulary or Sheriffdom of Haddington9 and now by virtue of the said Entails in the Poffettion of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre in Trustees, in trust to fell the fame, and invett the Money arifmg by such Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments to be fettled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limit-

. ations, as are contained in the said Deeds of Entail; and for Payment to the said Robert Walter Lord Blantyre of what he has advanced for Redemption of the Land Tax of his entailed Eftates.

68.	An Aft for vetting in Edward Parkins Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Meffuage, Lands and Hereditaments in Rifden, other-wife Ri/hden, otherwise Ru/hden, in the County of Hertford, dif-charged from the Ufes limited by the Will of Edward Sparbaule Esquire, deceased, and by the Marriage Settlement of the said Edward Parkins; and for substituting and settling another Meffuage, Lands and Hereditaments, in Herford/biref in lieu thereof, and to the like Ufes.

69.	An Aft for incloling Lands within the Manor and Town-fhip of Boltonf in the Parifh of Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Power to Vicar to lease Allotment. Plan of the King’s Allotment to be sent to the Clerk of the Duchy of Lanca/ler.']

70.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands within the Parilh of Hoveton Saint John, in the County of Norfolk.

71.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Oakley in the County of Buckingham.

[ Allotment to Impropriator and Vicar of Oakley in lieu of Tithe of Common. Allotment to Vicar in lieu of Right of Common. Vicar vacating his BeneJUey Compofition and Com Rent paid to time of Avoidance. Allotments, Compofitions and Com Rents to he in lieu oj'Tithes.]

72.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Alderton otherwise Aldringtonf in the County of Northampton^, and for extinguilhing the Tithes thereof.

[Allotmentfor Glebe. Allotment to Reffor in lieu of Tithes. Certain Proprietors of old Inclofures to pay a Sum to exonerate them from Tithes. Allotments to be in lieu of Tithes• Refervatian

Of

(Private, not printed,) 59° GEO. III.

of Tithes for which no Combenfation given* Power to ReSor with Confent of Bi/bop and Patron to lease Allotments* Tithes payable till Award made* ReSor exoneratedfrom keeping a Bull ora Boar* ReSor may borrow Money for ereSing Buildings*]

73.	An Ad for inclofmg Hands within the Parifh of Paulerfpuryy with the Hamlet of Heathencote in the fame Parifh, in the County of Northampton*

[Allotment to ReSor for Glebe, to be fenced. ReSor may ereS Buddings and borrow Money for tor fame, and grant Leafes* Vicars ofTowceJler and PotterJpury may borrow Money to defray Expenses of AS and for building, and grant Leafes• Provifo for Tithes.]

74- An Ad for inclofmg Lands in Martindale, in the Parifh of Barton, in the County of Wejlmorland*

75.	An A d for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Solihull in the County of Warwick.

76.	An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifh or Liberty of Shot over, in the County of Oxford*

[Allotment in lieu of Tithes.]

77.	An Ad for regulating the Appropriation of the Revenues of certain Trull Estates, given by Walter Stanley for pious Purposes; for effeduating in a more eztenfive and beneficial Manner the general Objeds of the Trail; and making a Provifion for, and regulating the Appointment of, a Minifter of a new Church intended to be buih at West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford*

7&. An Ad to difTolve the Marriage of John William Dunn Esquire, with Elhta Papps Dunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

79.	An Ad for effeduating an Exchange between the Lord Bifhop of Norwich, and William Afsbcton. Lord Suffield, of the Moieties of certain Advpwfons in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk*

80.	An Ad for appointing new Traftees for carrying into execution the Trails and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Englefieldy Baronet.

xxhc

THE

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quinquagefimo Nono.

*	A T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the

•	Fourteenth - Day of January, Anno Domini 1819, in the; *

•	Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

*	GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United King-4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ;

4 being the First Seffion of the Sixth Parliament of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

C A P. I.

An Aft to provide for the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Illnefs.

[ 12th February 1819*]

WHEREAS an Aft pafied in the Fifty first Year of the 51 O. 3. c. i.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to pro-vide for the Adnusuftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majeftfs Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His Maytfifs Illnefs; and for the Refumption of the Exereife of the Royal Authority by His Majejh • And Whereas another Aft passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 51 G. 3. c. 8. intituled An Aft for the Regulation of His Majefty* s Houfebold, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the inereafed Expense to vthuh Her Majesty may he expoftd during His Majefty* s Indisposition, and for the Care of His Majefty* s Recuand Perfonal Property; and to amend an Aft of the lafl Seffion of Parliament, to provide for the Admmtjfration of the Royal Authority during His Majefty* s Illnefs:

And Whereas another Aft passed in the last Seffion of Parliament, 5g Qm ^ Ct intituled An Aft to alter and amend certain of the Provtfions of an Aft recited. fcJjed m tte Fifty first Tear of His Majefty* s Reign, intituled 4 An Aft to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hit Majefty?s Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His Majeftfs Illnefs ; and for the Refumption of the Exereife of the Royal Authority by His Majejh:' And Whereas it is expedient, in coofequeqce of the Demife of Her late Moft Excellent Majesty, that the Care of His Majefty’* Royal Perfon, and of such Portion • of His Majefty’* Houfehoid as shall be deemed requisite and fuit-aUe to the due Attendance upon His Majcfty’s Sacred Perfon* and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity, ihould be committed to His Royal Highnefs Frederick Duke of Tori and Albany, during ■ the Continuance of His Majefty’s IndsfpofitionBe it: therefore 59 Gk>- III.	B	enafted

V.\.

59° GEO. IIL

Care of Hit .Majesty's Person and House** hold, Ac. vested ~^n the Duke df York;

who may in 'writing appoint Officers, &c.

Proviso for Appointments in the Lord Chamborlain, Ac.

Appointment hy Power of Offloenof the Household

-limited.

A.D.1S19

enaded by The King’s Moft Excelht Mhyftfi by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon, and the difpotfing. ordering and managing of all matters, and things relating thereto, lhall* be and the fame are hereby veiled in His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tort and Albany, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indisposition; and that the foie Dire&ion of such Part of His Majefty’s Houlehold as shall be deemed requiiite and suitable to the due Attendance upon His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity,, mall be. and is hereby veiled in His said Royal Highnefs; and all such Officers of the Houfehold, and such Number of Attendants and Servants as may be requiiite and suitable for the due Attendance on His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, ihajl be under the foie Dire&ion andControul of His said Royal' Highnefs,. for the Care and Attendance uppu His Makfty’s Sacred Perfon, and the regulating, ordering and. managing all things relating thereto; and His said Royal Highnefs ftealllmve the fuss and fine* Power and Authority to order and direct all matters and tUmrs* relating to the Management of fuck Part of His Majefty’s Household as shall be in Attendance upon/ Hi* Majefty’s Perfon, and the-Tefpe&ive Duties and Attendances of all such Officers of the Houfehold and Attendants and Servants aforesaid; and shall also have full Power and Authority, by any Inftrument or Inftruments in Writing ftgned and sealed by His said Royal Highnefs, to remove, nominate and appoint, in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, all the Fetfoos who shall be in Attendance upon His Majefty’s Perfon, and in like manner to supply all Vacancies arising by Removal, Refignatioov or Death of any filch Officers of the Houfehold or Attendants, and Servants or Per ferns aforesaid; except fuch* as* heretofore have been usually nominated and appointed by the Lord* Chamberlain, or Lord Steward of His Majefty’s Houfehold; or the Mafter of His Majefty’s Robes, respectively j andthe First Gentleman of His Majefty’s/Bedchamber, commonly called The Groom of the Stole, appointed to attend upon His Majefty’s Perfon, lhall' nominate and appoint to all such Vacancies as (hsUarife by Removal, Refignation or Death of. any. such Officers, Attendants or Servants aforesaid as have heretofore been, nominated or appointed by* the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward respectively of His Majefty’s Houfehold, or by The Matter of .the Horse toHisMajefty t and' such Groom of the Stole shall have all such Jurifdiction, Power and Authority over inch Officers, Attendants .and Servants* as have heretofore been, and. are now, usually exercised by* the Lord beslain and Lord Steward of Hu.Majefty’s Houfohokhrespectively, and by The Matter of the Hbrfe to . His Majesty.

II.	Provided always, and bo it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer in His Majefby’s Houfehold, wbo*iuby this A& put under the. Diredrion of Hisfiad Royal Highnefs; to make any Appointment to any Office, to whiok fuchOflicer may have^the Power 5 of.^Appointment, for, any longer Period than dining His

‘ til. And Whereas the Execution* of tbfe weigher and' arduous 4 Trufts by this A 61 committed to Hit Royal Highnefs* may ‘ require tne Affiftance of. a Couneil, with whom His Royal

4 Highnefs



59^ GEO. III.

C. I.

« Highnefs mfir confuft: apd advise ■/ Be it therefore enacted, That io order to assist and advise His said Royal Highnefs in the several nuUten aforesaid, there shall be, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s IDnefs, a Council confiding of all the Perfons who were Members of the Council to Her late Mod Excellent Majesty, under the laid recited Adis, who may he living at the time of patting this A&, and alfo‘ John Jeffreys Marquefs Caniden, in the Room and Place of iEdward LonLEfienboroogh deceased ; which Council shall from time to time meet as His Royal Highnefs shall be pleased to djre&, and shall also have Power to meet in manner by this Aft dire&edand if it should happen that any df the Members of such Council should depart this Life, or by Inftrumcnt in Writing communicated to His laid Royal Highnefs, signify their Intention to decline to ad, jhen and in such Cafe it shall be lawfiil'for His Royal HighheCs the Duke of Tori and Albany, from time to time, by an Inffrument in Writing, figiied and sealed by His said Royal High-ntfs, revocable at His'Will and Pleasure, to nominate and appoint some One Peribh, being or Having been a Member of His Majefty’s MoS Honourable Privy Couneil, to be a Member of the said Couneil, to His (aid Royal' Highnefs, to advise and assist His said Royal' Highnefs as aforesaid, in the Room and Place of each and every of the Cud Councillors so departing this Life, or declining to ad as aforesaid; which Nomination and Appointment shall be forthwitJi certified, by an Iriftrument in Writing iigned and sealed by His said Royal Highnefs, to the* Lords of His Majesty fs Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, and shall be entered in the Books of the laid rrivy Council.

IV.	And be k' further enacted, That each and every Member of His (aid Royal Highnefs’s Council shall, within the Space of Ten Days after his Appointment by virtue of this Aft, or by virtue of His Royal1 High n eft’s Nomination and Appointment in manner afortlud, take an‘Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of tHe Great Seal, or Cothmiffioners for keeping the Great Seal of Great'Britain,or the Lord President of His Majefty's Privy Council' of*the Chief. Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench for the time' bring,* respectively, or either of them, who are hereby feverally* and rripcftivdy required and empowered to administer the fame, when, r^qiured so to do by any Perfon so appointed a Member of His faidJ Royal Highh^fs’s Council as aforesaid ; and the Perfon adminiftering' such Oath fcaft give to the Member of His Royal Highnefs’s Councu taEncf the* fame, a Certificate of the fame’ having been so takenK' figued with1 his. Han(U which Certificate shall be forthwith tranf-mjtted to His Majefty’s Privy Couneil; and such Oath shall be in tfieTonn‘following; (that is to fay),

4 if. do foleMnly prbmife and swear. That I will truly and 4 faithfully counsel and advise His Royal Highnefs the Duke of 4 ToHr and Albany, according to the belf of my Judgment, ip all, 4 miten and things relating to the Trufb committed to His Royal, 4 Hfefcbefc, tosidun^tke Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon, and 4 tkrRefomptidn of the personal Exercife ot the Royal Authority

4 bfHk Mqdtj-9

V.	Atwfte'it furfhef enafted/ That Hfe' said Roy hi Highnefs’s Cddric3i~ rf1 ariy Thrift of' nfcW ' of ‘ them,MhhH have Power and

B 2	Authority,

Appointment of Council to assist the Duke of York.

Proviso for Death or declining to act of any of the Council

Members pfthf Council to t$e the following Oath.

Oath.

Couneil, or any Three of them, may examine

4

C.I.

59° GEO. III. •

A.D. 1819.

the Physicians and others upon Oath.

Council to meet, and to declare the State of His Majesty’s Health; and transmit a Copy of such Declaration to President of Privy Couneil, Sec,

When it shall appear to the Duke and the Couneil, or any Four of diem, that His Majesty’s Health ts restored, the same to be notified to the Privy Council and entered in their Books.

Authority, at all times, when they shall judge it necessary, to meet and call before them, and to examine upon Oath, the Physicians, and all other Perfons attendant on His Majesty during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Illnefs, touching the State of His Majefty’s Health, and all matters relating thereto, (which Oath any Member of the said Council is hereby autnorifed and empowered to administer,) and to afeertain the State of His Majefty’s Health by all such other ways and means as shall appear to them to be necessary for that purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Three or more of the Members of the Council appointed to assist His said Royal Highnefs in the Execution of the Trufts committed to His said Royal High-nefs by this Aft, shall, in case such Trufts shall then be in force, meet on some Day in the First Week of April next, and the fame Day iii the First Week of every Third Month thereafter; and shall, whilst the said Trufts shall continue in force, at every such Meeting declare the State of His Majefty’s Health at the time of each of such Meetings respectively; and shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such Declaration to the President of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, or in his Abfence to One ot His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, who shall thereupon caule the fame to be inserted in the Books of the Privy Council.

* VII. And Whereas it is necessary that efteftual Provifion should 4 be made that His Majesty may resume the personal Exercife of Hft * Royal Authority as soon as His Majesty is restored to such a State 4 of Health as to be capable pf resuming the fame ;’ Be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear to His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tori and Albany, and to any Four or more of the Council appointed by this Aft to assist His said Royal Highnefs in the Execution of the Truft committed to His said Royal Highnefs by this Aft, assembled at any Meeting held in pursuance of His said Royal Highnefs’s Will and Pleafure (ignified for that purpose, or assembled under the Direftion of this Aft, or in pursuance of His Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafure (ignified to His said Royal Highnefs and his Council for that purpose, which Council of His said Royal Highnefs is hereby required to assemble in the Prefence of His laid Royal Highnefs, upon His Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafure being (ignified for that purpose, that His Majesty is restored to such a State of Health as to be capable of resuming the personal Exercife of the Royal Authority, it shall and may be lawful for His said Royal Highnefs, by the Advice of any Four or more of His said Couneil, to notify the fame by an Inurnment under His Royal Highnefs’s Hand, and signed alio by the said Four or more of His said Royal Highnefs’s Couneil, and addressed by the Lord President of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Abfence to One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State; and the said Lord President or Secretary of State shall and i% hereby required, on the Receipt thereof, to communicate the fame to His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, and to summon forthwith a Privy Couneil; and the Members of His Majefty’e Moft Honourable Privy Council are hereby required to assemble in consequence of such Summons; and the said Lord President, or in his Abfence the said Secretary of. State, is required, in the Prefence of any Four or more Privy Councillors so assembled, to

caufe

59° GEO. III.

5

A.D. 1819.

C. I.

caufe the said Inftrument to be entered on the Books of the said Privy Council.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the said Inftrument under the Hand of His said Royal Highnefs, and of Four or more of His said Couneil, shall have been received and entered as aforesaid, His Majesty shall think proper, by an Inftrument under His Sign Manual, to require the Lord President of His Majefly’s Mod Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Abfence One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to summon a Council in His Majefty’s Prefence, confiding of any Number of Perfons not less than Nine whom His Majesty shall name, and who shall be, or who fhkll have been Members of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, not being Members of His said Royal' Highnefs’s Couneil, the said Lord President or Secretary of State shall and he is hereby required to summon such Perfons accordingly ; and as well the said Lord President or Secretary of State, as the other Perfons so summoned, shall and they are hereby required to attend at the time and Place appointed by His Majesty ; and such Perfons so afTembled shall be and be deemed to be a Privy Council for the purpose hereinafter mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty, by the Advice of Six or more of such Privy Council so afiembled, fhall

a His Royal Pleafure to resume the personal Exercife of His Authority, and to issue a Proclamation declaring the fame, fucn Proclamation shall be issued accordingly, countersigned by the said Six or more of the said Privy Couneil; and all the Powers and Authorities given by this Aft shall from thenceforth cease and determine; and the perlonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty shall, notwithstanding any thing in this Aft, or in the said reated Afts, or any of them, contained or provided, be and be deemed to be resumed by His Majesty, and shall be exercised by His Majesty to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Aft had never been made.

X. And be it further enacted. That in case of the Death of His said Royal Highnefs the Duke of York and Albany, during the time that the Care of His Majefty’s Perfon shall be committed to His hud Royal Highnefs, according to the Provifions of this Aft, the Care of His majefty’s Royal Perfon, and all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by this Aft veiled in His said Royal Highnefs, touching the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon, and the difposing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating thereto, shall become and continue veiled in His said Royal Highnefs’s Council until doe Provifion shall have been made in relation thereto by Parliament: Provided nevertheless, that in such case nothing in this Aft contained (lull extend, or be conllrued to extend, to empower His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, or the laid Couneil, to nominate, appoint or remove any of the Officers or Perfons of His Majefty’s Houfehoid, by this Aft made subject to the .Nomination, Appointment or Removal of His Royal Highnefs the Duke of York and Albany, until due Provifion shall have been made by Parliament in that Behalf.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if His Royal Highnefs the Duke of York and Albany should depart this Life during the time that the Care of His Majefty’s Perfon shall be committed to His

J B 3	faid

After such

Entry, His Majesty may, by Sign Manual, require the Privy Council to assemble j not being Member* of the Duke's Council.

Power* of Act to cease on His Majesty declaring, by Proclamation, his Resumption of the Royal Authority.

In case of Death of the Duke of York, the Care of His Majesty's Per* son vested in the Duke's Couneil, until Provision made by Parliament.

Proviso for Continuance of Officers.

And in such case The Beit to issue s lamaricm

gent tc nock

59° GEO. III.

for the Meeting of Parliament, in case the Parliament be not sitting.

Regulations for calling a new Parliament if the Event happen before the Day appointed by Writs of Summons;

or where the Event shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by Writ of Summons.

In what cases this Act not to .alter or affect former Acts for meeting of Parliament, in case of the Demise of the King, &c.

p.i:

AJM8I&

said Royal Highnefs, according to the Provifions of this A&, and the Parliament in being at the time shall then be separated, His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent shall forthwith cause to be issued and

Sublifhed a Proclamation, under the Great Seal of the United King-om of Great Britain and Ireland\ declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring the said Parliament to meet and fit at Weft-rmnjler at the Day to whkh such Parliament had been adjourned or prorogued, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of such Proclamation ; and the Parliament shall thereby be deemed and taken to be duly prorogued to such pay so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if such case 33 aforesaid shall happen, and there shall be no Parliament in being at the time, and the fame shall happen before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for calling and afemhling a pew Parliament, then and in such case His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent shall forthwith cause to bo issued and published a Proclamation, under the Great Seal aforesaid, declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring such new Parliament to convene and fit at Wtjhninjler, either upon the Day appointed by such.Writs of Summons for assembling the new Parliament, or upon some Day to be mention#! in such Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of such Proclamation ; and in such latter case, upon the Day appointed by the said Writs of Summons for afTembhng the new Parliament, the fame shall in the due and accuf-tomed manner be prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

XIII.	And be it enacted, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament. ?nd before such new Parliament shall have met and lat as a Parliament, then and in such case His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent shall forthwith cause such a Proclamation as aforesaid to be issued and published, declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring the new Parliament either to convene and fit Wejlnpnjter immediately after such Proclamation shall have beep pubUfiied, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and l^ngwithin Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of the faiaProcla-mation 5 and in each case the Parliament so convening apd fitting shall be and be deemed to be a Parliament to all Intents and Pufppfes, under the Provifions of this A&.

XIV.	Provided nevertheless, and it enacted by tfie Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained, nqr any A& lyhiph shall be done by virtue hereof, shall be deemed o$ taken to repeal, or in any manner to alter or affect, othenyife than is herein e$pfef«ly provided, the Provifions of any A& or A&s qf Parliament heretofore parted and now in force, so far as the fame regulate, require or provide for the meeting, convening apd fitting of fariiaxpent, in case of the Demife of His Majesty, or His Heir or Heirs, Suc-ceffor or Succeffors, or in case The Regent shall depart this Life or cease to be Regent, or to repeal, alter or affect the Provifion heretofore made by any A & now in force, for shortening the time which had before been required for giving Notice of the Royal

Intention

JLBLM1&

OEO. IfL

C. 19 s9 s.

Intention that the Parliament should meet and be holden for the Dftpatch of Bufinefs.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, Act may |» varied or repealed by any Aft or Afta to be passed in this Seffion •her*A ** • of RfthamentT^ >	thi*8fe#8,olu

CAP. II.

An Aft for reviving and further continuing, until the First Dav of May One thousand eight hundred and ninetcMfe an Aft made in the fifty first Tear of His present MajeK intituled An A3 to extend an A3 made in the Eighteenth Tear of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the EleBions of the Knights of the Shire to fin* in Parliament for England, reJjeBing the ISxpencts qf jHqftings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Weft-nrinfter.	[iath	Pebruary	i819.5

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that an A61, passed in the Fifty 51 0.3. c. 116.

*	W first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to s extend an A3 made in the Eighteenth Tear qf His late Majesty King 1 George the Second, to explain and amend the Lam touching the 4 EleBions qf Knights of the Shire to ftrve in Parliament for England,

4 refpe&sng the sixpences of the Huftmgs and Poll Clerks, so far as

*	regards the City of Wefbninfter, which was continued by an Aft

4 made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, until the Si 0* 3* c. 1 $*•

*	firft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

4 fhouid be revived and further continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fane, That the find Aft, and all the Provifions thereof, shall be J1 0*3* c‘ xa*’ and the fame aare and is hereby revived.	ren?*!.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Aft, and all the Continuance of Provifions thereof, shall continue and be in force until the First Day Act

of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

III.	And he it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered. Act altered,

amended or repealed during the present Seffion of Parliament.	Ac. this Ses-

CAP. III.

An Aft for conthudiig to His Majesty certain Duties on htaft*

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, m Great Britain; and on Pen-fidns, Offices and Pterional Estates, in Pnplahdi for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	[18th Eehruary 1819.)

[This A3 is the fame as 58 G. 3. r* 3. except as to Dates, and as to the SeBions that are here retained• Duties upon Sugar imported, to he accounted for and applied according to this A8, r. J2. § 10. po/l. Provifbfor Duties of that AB on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, e. 53. j 2. post.]

XIX.	And be it farther ettacted, Thit for the better afleflrng, Cosuniwicau# ordering* levying and collecting of the several Sums of Money lo ofLsnd Iks m left afortfad Kinked and appointed to be nrifed and paidm the

B 4	aforefaid	54 w#3'	^

8

C. S.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. ms.

and 55 G. 3. aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick c. 150. shall put upon Tweed, in respect of Perfonal Estates, and in respect of Offices this Act in or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and XX 011	•	yearly	Payments,	and	for the more effectual putting this Aft

in Execution in reference to the fame, all a*nd every the rerfon and Perfons who, in and by an Aft of Parliament made and palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an A3 of this Sejfion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pen-Jions and (Mjaes in England, and an A3 made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His prcfljf Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; or in and by one other Aft made ip the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for re3ifying Mifiakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commijfioners, and for appointing additional Commijfioners, and indemnifying Jiich P^rfons as have a3ed without due Authority in Execution of the A3s therein recited; were named and appointed Com-miffioners for putting in Execution the fame Afts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divi-fions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, To qualify as duly qualifying themselves according to the said Aft patted in the by 38 G. 3. c. 5. Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled § 9a—96.	jiff for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raifed

in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, in that behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Aft, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places situate within the fame Counties, Riding6, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places respectively, unless before the Day hereinafter appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Aft into Execution, some Aft or Afts of Parliament fhall* be passed for naming and appointing special Commissioners for putting' into Execution this present Aft, in which case no Perfon or rerfons shall be empowered by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Aft, or by this Aft, to aft as a Commiffioner for putting this present Aft into Execution.

XxXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That this Aft or any thing herein contained shall not charge or be construed to charge any of the Royal Family for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to their Royal High-nestes; but that such Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and their Royal HighnefTes, and their Treafurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Superannuated Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Aft, or any of the ^Sea Officers, several Claufes herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pen-&c. not charge- f10na Qf any Superannuated Commiffion or Warrant Sea or Land ^	Officer,	or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in

the Service of the Crown ; or the Revenue of the Moft Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of Windfor, payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain .	Penfioa	of One hundred Pounds; granted by the late King Charles

the

The Royal Family not chargeable in respect of Annuities.

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

9

C. 3, 4, 9.

the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man ; or to charge the Petitions or Salaries of His Majefty’8 Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any A ft or Afts of Parliament for making, repairing or maintaining any Public Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary anting thereby.

CAP. IV.

An Aft for raiGng the Sum of Twenty Millions, by JSzchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Ohe thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	[23d	March	1819.]

44	TREASURY may raise 20,000,oool. by Exchequer Bills, in 4t like manner as is preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—$ 1. Clauses, &c. 44 in recited Aft extended to this Aft. § 2. Treasury to apply the 44 Money raised. § 3. ■ Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the 44 Supplies for Seffion. § 4. Intereft 3 ^d.per Cent, per Diem. § 5. 44 Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, u 1820. $ 6. Bank of England may advance 15,000,0001. on the 44 Credit of this Aft, notwithstanding the Aft 5 & 6 W. & M.— § 7.

C A P. V.

An Aft to afeertain the Tonnage of Veflels propelled by Steam.

[23d March 1819.]

4 TITHE REAS by an Aft palled in the Thirteenth Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the 4 better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vejfels 4 importing and exporting Goods into andfrom this Kingdom, or hovering 4 ufon tbe'Coafls thereof; for amending so much of an Ad, made in the 4 laR Seffion of Parliament, for lowering the Duty, payable upon the 4 Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and 4 Forfeitures thereby injlided in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; 4 for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Ad ; and 1 for obviating Doubts which have arisen with refbed to the allowing 4 the Drawback upon certain Callicoes; and the Bounty upon Britim * made Cordage exported to the IJlands of Madeira, the Canary IJlands, 4 and the Azores or IVeffem IJlands ; and by another Aft, pafTed in 4 the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4 intituled An Ad for the further Increafe and Encouragement of Shipping 1 and Navigation, certain Rules are fettled and established for aicer-4 taining the Tonnage of Ships or Veflels for the piirpofes therein 4 mentioned: And Whereas Ships or Veflels have been built and 4 constructed to be propelled by Steam, and the Rules preferibed by 4 the before recited Aft are not suitable to afeertain the true Tonnage 4 of such Ships or Veflels Be it therefore enacted by The Kinjrs Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Rule for admeafuAng Shijps or Veflels to be propelled by Steam fh all be as /oDows; that is to fay, the Length shall be taken on a straight Line along the Rabbet of this Keel of the Ship* from the Back of the Main Stern Poll to a perpendicular Line from the Forepart of the Main Stem under the Bowfpnt, from which dedufting the Length of the Engine

Room

xJ G. 3. c. 74. § x.

*6 G. j. c. 60. §X4-

How the Tonnage of Vessel* propelled by 8te*»rr hall be ascertained.

59° GEO. iH.

AJO. 1810*

*No Goods to be stowed in the Engine Boom except Fuel for the Voyage.

Bewaras not exceeding acl. awarded by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise to Officers, &c. of the Army or Navy, to be divided as His Majesty shall appoint by Order ni Council or by Pro-damUsn.

C. 5, 6.

Room and fubtrafting Throe fifths of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just length of the Keel to find the Tonnage; and the Breadth shall lie .taken from the Outfide of the outside Plank in the broadest Place of the Ship or Veflel, be it either above or below the Main Wales, exdufive of all manner of Doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship or Veflel; then multiplying the Length of the Keel by the Breadth so taken, and that Produft by Half the Breadth, and dividing the Whole by Ninety four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which §.ule the Tonnage of all Rich Ships and Veffcls shall be measured and ascertained ; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to flow or place any Goods (Fuel for the Voyage excepted), in the said Engine Room ; and if any Goods shall be so flowed or placed, such Ship or Veflel shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Veflel which has not been admeafured according to the Rules of this Aft, and liable to all the Coqfetjuences thereof:

CAP. VI.

An Aft to enable His Majesty to direct the Diftribution of any Reward awarded by the Coramiffioners of the Cuftoms or Excife to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in such manner as His Majesty shall be pleated to appoint.	[23d	March	1819.3

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is lawful for the Commissioners of Cuftoms ‘ or Excife of England, Scotland and Ireland\ respectively, and they ‘ are thereby required, in certain cases, to award to every. Officer or * other Perlon arresting any Perfon for Breach of thole Laws, so * that he shall be convicted or committed to Prifon on account € thereof, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Man so * convicted or committed to Prilon: And Whereas it is expedient * that His Majesty should be empowered in certain cases to direct ‘ the Diflribution of such Reward by His Order or Orders in * Couneil, or by His Royal Proclamation in that behalf, in such * manner as He shall be pleased thereby to appointBe it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in all cases wherein the Commissioners of the Cuftoms or Excife of England\ Scotland and Ireland, respectively, shall award any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Privates of His Majefty's Army, Navy or Marines, or acting under the Orders of the Lora High Admiral, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for any Perfon so arrested, convicted or committed to Prifon as aforesaid, the fame shall be divided and distributed in such Proportions, and according to such Rules, Regulations and Orders, as His Majesty shall by His Order or Orders m Couneil, or by His Royal Proclamation in that behalf be pleased to direct and appoint

CAP.

AJ). i819.

59°jGEO. hi.

11

*

c.y.

cap. m

An Aft to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England.

[ajd-Morci I&19.J

WHEREAS Knives, Forks, Razors, Sciflors, Shears, and other Cutlery Wares, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, have for many Years been a great Branch of Trade in England; and such Articles being esteemed in Foreign Countries for their superior Quality, great Quantities thereof have been Tent to Foreign Markets: And Whereas a Practice prevails of calling or forming in a Mould from Gaft Iron, Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, and some of fuen Articles are, by a Chemical P?ocess, previous to the finishing and polifiling thereof, made to resemble so nearly the like Sort of Articles wrought of Steel, and Iron and Steel, as scarcely to be diftinguifiiable from Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel; even by Perfons flailed in the Manufactory of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paling of this Ad it shall be lawful for all nod every Perfon and Perfons who shall make, forge, form or manufacture, or cause, • direct or procure to be made, forged, formed or manufactured, Iby means of the Hammer, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, to mark, {trike, samp, grave or impress, or cause, direCt or procure to be marked, {truck, {tamped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of every such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlqry, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, so forged and formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and of Iron and Steel, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, at any time, -and not at any other time, except as hereinafter provided, after the forging, and previous to the fame refpeCtively being ground or polished, to as to denote that such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, are so formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, and so as to d&raguifh the fame Articles from such Articles call or formed in a* Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fliaU be lawful for all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall, on the passing of this Ad, have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, any Kmvts, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, made, forged, formed or manufactured by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, at any time within the Space pf Six Calendar Months next after the pafflhg of

this

Where Aftfcfcs are formed by the Hammer, Manufacturers to have pie Privilege gf marking Cham with the Figure of a Hammer;

Parsons having manufactured Articles in their Possession, empowered to mark the same with the Figure of a Hammer.

12

X. 7.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

this A&, to mark, strike, (lamp, grave or impress, or cause, direct or procure to be marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in and upon any Part of such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and .Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, so forged and formed by Means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and of Iron and Steel, so in his, her or their Pofleflion, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, so as to denote that such Knives, Knife Blades,. Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, were so formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, and so as to diftinguifti the fame Articles from such Articles cast or formed in a Mould or otherwise than by means of the Hammer.

Persons casting Cutlery Wares, Edge Tools, and Hardware requiring a cutting Edg% to mark the same with the Figure of a Hammer, &c. or the Words , Steel,* Shear Steel, &c. or having in Possession or selling, &c. such Cast Articles so marked.

Persons offend* ing.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A61 it shall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to cast, mark, strike, stamp, grave or impress, or cause, dire6t or procure to be cast, marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in*or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever. Edge Tools or Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which shall be cast or formed in a Mould, or formed otherwise than by means of the Hammer, either at the time of caftiag or forming such Articles in the Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, or subsequently thereto, and previous to the bond fide Sale thereof to the Uier, the Figure or Form .of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, nor to have in his, her or their Pofleflion,. for the purpose of Sale, nor to fell, expose or offer to sale, or f cause, dire6t or procure to be fold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks,- Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which shall have been cast or formed in a Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, having marked or struck thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall cast, mark, (trike, (lamp, grave or impress, or cause, dire6t or /procure to be cast, marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which shall have been cast or formed in a Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, either at the time of caftiog or 'forming thereof, or subsequently thereto, and previous to the bond fide Sale thereof to the Uler, the Figure or Forn\ of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto; or who shall have in his, her or their Pofleflion for the purpofe* of Sale, or who shall fell, expose or offer to sale, or cause, dire6t or .procure to he fold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razdr Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which shall have been cast or formed in a Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, having marked or struck thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a

•Hammer,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.7.

13

Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, shall, in all and every the cases aforesaid, forfeit all and every such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, haring thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, together with the Sum of Five Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of such Articles so marked, struck, fold or exposed to Sale; and for any Quantity of such Articles exceeding One Dozen, Five Pounds for every One Dozen thereof; such Sum and Sums refpec-tirely to be levied, recovered and applied as hereinafter directed.

IV. And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Ad it shall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to cad, mark, strike, stamp, grave -or impress, or cause, direct or procure to be cast, marked, struck, damped, graved. or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, or cad in a Mould, either at the time of forging or cading such Articles, or subsequently thereto, previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the Ufer, any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality thereof; nor to have in his, her or their Poffefllon for the purpose of Sale, nor to fell or expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct or procure to be fold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, ScifTors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and-Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with {he Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, or cast in a Mould, having marked thereon any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Articles to be otherwise than the real an<f true Quality thereof; and all and every Perfon or Perfons who shall cast, mark, strike, stamp,

Eor impress, or cause or procure to be cast, marked, struck, d, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, ScifTors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged or formed with the JIammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or cast in a Mould, either at the time of forging or casting, or subsequently thereto, previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the Ufer, any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such.Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality $ or-who shall have in his, her or their Poffeflion for the purpose of Sale, or shall fell, expose or offer to sale, or cause, (£re& or procure to be (old, exposed or offered to sale, any. Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or. cast in a Mould, having thereon any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality thereof, shall, in all and every the cases aforesaid, forfeit all and every such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sailors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and

Hardware

Penalty.

No Person to mark any Knives, &c. forged with the Hammer, or east in a Mould, with any Words which shall indicate the Quality to be Otherwise than the true Quality; or have in bis Possession any such Articles improperly marked*

Persons offend* ing.

Penalty,

5

No Person to cast, mark, Ac, any Articles with the Words “ London" or “ London made** thereon, except made within the City of London, or a certain Instance the/eof" 'Dor to have in Possession, selfe Ac. such Articles.

Persons offending.

C.7.	SpGtO.	III.	A.fcl8lfc

Hardware rcquirtog a cftlttirtg^ Edge, being marked, possessed; fold of eXpofcd to sale; contrary to the* Directions of this Aft, together With the' Shim of Five Founds for any Quantity not* exceeding One Dotfen of such Article's ft) marked^ (old of exposed to sale; and for* any Quantity of fiich Arfides exceeding One Dozen, Five Pound® fof every One1 Dozen thereof; fuch* Sum add Sums respectively to be levied, recovered and applied as hereinafter directed.

V. And Be it" further enacted, That from and after the parting” of tliSs‘ Aft' it fllatl not be lawful for arty Perfon or Perfons to cart, mark, (trike,. damp, grave or impress, or chtife, direct of procure to be* cart, marked, struck, damped, graved of impressed, in or upon any Part* of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, kazbrtf, Razbr ' Blades, Sciflort, Shears, arid other Articles of Cutlery, EdgbTobls arid' Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the* Hammer; of Wrought Steel, or of Irbri and Steel, or, cart iif a Mouldy eithefat the tiirfe of forging or calling‘fuch’ Articles, orfub-fequently thereto, previous to the bona jute' Sale thereof to the'Ufet; the* Word or Words u London ,” <c London made,” or’ anV Word or Words having any Similitude thereto, unless the Articles so cast, marked, struck, damped, graved of impressed, (Kail Have been manufactured within the City or London, or within Twenty Miles Diftance therefrom ; nor to have in his, her or their Poflefl5ortr for' the piirpofer of Sale, nor to fell, or expose or offer to” sale; or cause, direct or proem* tp be fold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife* Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and' formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, arid Iiron and Steel, or caft* in' a Mould, having marked theteon the' Word or Words, €t London” u London made,*” or any Word of Word® having amr Similitude thereto, unlefs* the'Articles 'fo baft1, marked; fthibk, damped, graved or impressed, shall have’ been matiti-faftured within the City or London, or within Twenty Miles DiflatfCe tHerefroni; and' all and every Perfon or Periods who shall cast, friUrk, strike; damp, grave or impress, or criufe or procure to be cacti marked; struck, damped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part* of any^ Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools' and* Hardware^ requiring a cutting* Edge, forged or formed with thd*' Hametier, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or cast in a Mould; either at the'rime of forging or calling, or fubfeqiiently thereto,1 previous to the bond Ji£ Sale thereof to the Ufef, the1 Word df Words M* London” “ London made;” or any Word’ or Words' having, any' Similitude thereto, unless the Articled fo' cast, marked,1 ftfuck, ftaniped, -graved or impressed, shall have been manufactured’ within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles pittance therefrom; or who’ (halT have in his, her or their' Pofleffion, for thea puap^fe off Sale, or'(hall fell, expose or offer to sale, or cause,' direct * or ptoure to bfe fold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors’; Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears; and* other' Alrticles of Cutlery, Edge Tools arid Hardware requiring a cutting' Eige, forged-and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or* Iron* and Steel,1 or caft1’in a'Mould,' having * thereon* * the * W ord oF Words M London,” " Londbn made;” or’any word or Words'having’ Smri&udefthereto; unless the Articles’ fd'caft* marked,’ fttiick,

damped.

AiDL 1«9L

59* GEO. III.

Cl

15

stamped, graved or impvested, shall have been mamiffc&tired within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles Diftance therefrom', shall, in all and everythe cases aforesaid, forfeit all and every such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, being marked, possessed, fold or exposed to sale contrary to the Directions of this Ad, together with a Sum of Ten Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of fuck Articles so marked, fold or exposed to sale ; and for any Quantity of fuck Articles exceeding One Dozen, Ten Pounds for every Dozen thereof; fetch Sum and Suras respectively to be levied, recovered and* applied as hereinafter directed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and'1 after the passing of tnis Ad, in case any Ferfon or Perfons shall have in his, her or their Pofieffion, for the purpose of Sale, or (hall1 feD, expose or offer for Sale, or cause, direct or procure'to be fold or offered for Sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor' Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles wh’atsoever, Edge Tools and Hardware reouirmg a cutting- Edge, formed with' the Hammer, or cast in a Mould in a finished State, having marked thereon any Word or Words contrary to the Directions of this Adi fhafi, at or upon any Information or Complaint being laid or made apioft him, her or them, prove fatisfadorily, by theOath of himself or herself, or any other Perfon, before One or more of His MhjeftyY Jtoftseesof the Peace, that such Knives, Knife Blade?, Forks; Razors; Root Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery* Articles what-' feever, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge*, were purehafed op came into the Pbffefton of him, her or them, or wen* made, formed, caff or manufactured before the passing of this Ad’, then and in such cdfe thePerfon or Perfons so having; the faklArrieiet* in a finished State in his, her or their Poffef&nr, for the purpofe* of1 Safe, or felling, exposing or offering the fame1 for"Sale, or canting, dfee&iag or procuring* the fane to be fold or offered for Sale; (half1 net he liable to the Painvand Penalties aforesaid..

Vlli Rtovided also, and1 be it further enacted. That fromrand after the passing of this* Ad, in case any Ferfon or Perfon*" ftfell haveinkia* her or their Pofieffion, for the purpofe'of Sale; orflfcdP sett; expose or offer for Sale, or cause, direct or procure'to be fold1 or offered for Safe, any* Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Rhzors, Razor' Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles* whatsoever; Edge Tools or Hardware ■ requiring, a-cutting Edge; cast or formed in a Mould, or* forged'and' formed with'the Hammer, which1 shall not have been, made, formed, cast or manufadured before the paffirrg of this Ad, having marked thereon the Figure or Form of a-Hammer, orany Word or Words contrary to the Diredioms of this Ad, shall, at or before any Information or Complaint shall be laid or made agamftJiint, her or them, prove fatisfadorily by the Oath of hhnself,herfrif or themselves, before One or more of His MajeftyY JaMees of the Peace, that he, (he or they purehafed such Articles, witfo the- Figure, Words or Marks thereon refoedively, without" knowing at the time of- fdch Purchafe that the fame were Articles" marked contrary to the Diredions of this Ad; and shall discover to aay Two* or more Justices of‘the Peace the Name or Names of the mfa orftrfon of whom he or (tie purehafed* the* fame, so that

fuch

Penalty.

Proviso far Persons hiving in their Possession, selling* &c. Articles marked con* tarary hereto

paHfcgol**

Act.

Proviso far Persons having in their Bosses* sion Articles' marked contrary to Act, who shall, before Information laid, prove upon"" Oath the Purchase without knowing than > the Antrim were improperly marked.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

C.7.

Two Justices may determine Offence.

One Witness.

Penalty recovered by Distress.

If no Bistros, Imprisonment.

App«*l.

Costs.

Mitigation of Penadtxea.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form only.

such Perfon or Perfons shall be prosecuted to Convidion for the fame, then and in such case the Perfon or Perfons who shall have in his, her or their PofTefUon any of such Articles as aforesaid, for the* Purpofes aforesaid, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to Two third Parts of the Penalty as other Informers.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence or Offences against this Ad ; and all such Justices are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that behalf, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the matter of such Complaint; and upon due Proof thereof, either by Confeflion of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to give Judgment or Sentence for the pecuniary Penalty, with Cofts, to be allowed by such Justices, and to award and issue out their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying such Penalty and Cofts on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case such Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed within Five Days inclusive of the Day of the Seizure, rendering the Overplus (if any) after defraying the Expences of such Diftrefs and Sale, to the Perfon or Perfons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of a sufficient Distress, such Justices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to HU Maiefty’s Gaol for the County, Oity or Place where such Offence shall be committed as aforesaid, there to remain for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless Payment shall be sooner made of the said Penalty and Cofts.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall think himself, ■ herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices, he, (he or they mar (upon giving Security with a sufficient Surety to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty or Penalties and Cofts, together with such further Cofts as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed) appeal to the.next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such Convidion shall be made; and the Justices at such Seffions are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witneffes on Oath, and to hear and finally determine the matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Cofts as the said Court shall think realpnable to the Party in whose Favour such Appeal shall be determined.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justices of the Peace, before whom any Information may be laid, and also for the said Justices in Quarter Seffions assembled (if they respectively should think fit), to mitigate the said Penalties in such manner as to them shall seem expedient; provided that such Penalties shall in no case be mitigated to less than One Half, or where such Penalties shall be less than the Sum of Fifty Pounds to less than Twenty five Pounds.

XL And be h further enacted, That no Convi&ion made upon any Offence or Offences in this Ad mentioned or created, mall

be

A.D. 1619.

5fi* OEQ> IIL

G.7.

VJ

Form of Conviction.

be fet aside in or by any Court whatsoever, for Want of Form, or through the Mistake of any Fa A, Circumstance or other Matter whatloever; provMed that the material Fadfcs alleged in such Con-ridbon, and upon which the fame Shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form Conviction, and to the Effect following, (mutatis mutandis) as the case may require, Shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofet whatsoever, without further Stating the case, or the Fadts or Evidence in any particular manner ; (that is to fay,)

*	DE it remembered, That on the

*	Day of	in	the	Year	pf	our Lord

*	at	in	the	County	of

*	A. B. came before us C. Di and E. F,	of	His	Majefty’s

*	JuStices of the Peace for the said County, [City or Place, as tbs

*	cafe may he] and informed ufc, that G. H. of

4 on the	.	Day	of	now	laft	paSt,	at

*	in	the	faid	County,	TChy or Place, as the

4 case may be ; herefet forth the Fa8 for which the Information is laid]*

*	Whereupon the Said G. H. after being duly summoned to anfwer

*	the Charges, appeared before us on the	Day	of

*	at	in	the	faid County, [City or

4 Place], and having heard the Charge contained in the laid Inform-4 ationf declared he was not guilty of the said Offence [or, as the 4 case may happen to be, did not appear before us, pursuant to the

*	faid Summons, or, did neglect and refuse to make any Defence 4 against the said Charge] but the fame being fully proved before

*	us, upon the Oath of «/. K’. a credible Witnefs [or, as the case 4 may happen to be] acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the fame

*	to be true ; and it manifestly appeared to us, that the said G. H. is 4 guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information;

*	We do therefore hereby convidt him of the .Offence aforesaid, and 4 do declare and adjudge that he the said G. H. hath forfeited the 4 said £here describe the Articles formed, cq/l, fold or offered to Sale,

4 not being marled according to the DireSions of this AB]\together with 4 the Sum of	of	lawful Money of Great

4 Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law 4 directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that case made and

*	provided. Given under our Hands and Seals the

*	Day of	.*

XIIL And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon Shall be Compelling summoned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before such JuStices of the the Attendance Peace, touching any of the matters relative to this Adt, either on °* Witnesses, the Part of the informer or of the Perfon or Perfons accused, and Shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and Place, to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excufe for such his, her or their Negledt or Refufal, to be allowed of by such Justices of the Peace, or appearing Shall refuse to be examined on Oath aad give Evidence before such Justices, then every such Perfon Shall ferfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to he levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are herein directed as to other Penalties.

59 G*o. III. ..	C	XIV.	And

C

C.7.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Justice by Waijant may seise Knives, &c. liable to be forfeited.

Produced in Evidence, and then Court may dispose thereof.

Limitation of Informations.

Application of Penalties.

Parishioners may be Witnesses.

Persons disclosing by whose Older any thing punishable under Act was done, not liable to Penalty.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City or Place where the Offence is committed, or where the Offender or Offenders reside, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever, Edge Tools or Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, as shall be liable to be forfeited by virtue of this Ad, to be seized, and the fame when seized to keep in safe Cuftody, for the purpose of producing the fame in Evidence upon any Profecution to be instituted or carried on for the pecuniary Penalties incurred in respect thereof; and when and as soon as the further Produdion thereof in Evidence shall become unnecessary, then the fame shall, by Order of such Juffices, be destroyed, or disposed of in any manner as the Court before which such Articles shall be produced may direct.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Information shall be exhibited for any of the Offences aforesaid, un-lefs within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Commifiion of such Offences respectively.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That One Third Part of the pecuniary Penalties to be recovered as aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the Poor of the Parifh, Townfliip or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Two Third Parts of such Penalties to the Perfon or Perfons who shall inform of any the Offences aforesaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in all Informations, Complaints and other Proceedings, in pursuance of this Ad, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parilh, Townfhip or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed competent Witneffes, notwithftandinghis, her or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Pari(h, Townfhip or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Perfon or Perfons who shall be liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid, by reason of any thing done by him, her or them, under the Order, Diredion or Procurement of any other Perfon or Perfons, shall, before any Information or Complaint shall be laid or made againff him, her or them, discover to any Two or more Juffices the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons by whose Order, Direction or Procurement he, (he or they shall have done such Ad, which shall have made him, her or them liable to any of the Penalties, so that the Perfon or Perfons by whose Order, Diredion or Procurement he, (he or they shall have done such Ad, shall be profe-cuted to Convidion for the fame, then and in such case such Perfon or Perfons who shall give such Information, or make such Complaint, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to Two Third Parts of the Penalty, as other Informers.

CAP.

A.D.1SI9

59° GEO. III.

C.8,9.

19

CAP. VIII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in cer-

tain cases.

[23d March 1819.J

HERE AS an A ft was madein the last Seffion of Parliament, 58 G. 3.«. 97.

intituled An A8 to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen^ from becoming 4 naturalised, or being made or becoming Deninens, except in certain cases :

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Aft and the Pro-* vision therein contained should be continued for a further Period Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thajt the said recited Aft and the Provifiqns continued, therein contained shall be and the fame is and are hereby continued in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and that until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty no-Alien shall become a naturalized Subjest, or be made or become a Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges of a naturalized Subjeft or Denizen contrary to the Provifions of the said recited Aft.

II. And be it further enacted. That the said recited Aft and this Act altered, Ac. Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be tide Session, passed in this Seffion of Parliament.

An Aft for punching Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

[23d March 1819.]

{This A8 is the fame, and all the Schedules are also the fame, as 58 G. 3. c* 11. except as to Dates, Number of Foroes, &c, and the Se8tons that are here infested*}

XXVIII. PROVIDED always, and be it further enacted. That Officers to be . in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this sworn.

Aft, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy (who are hereby authorised to administer the fame); that is to fay,

*	VGU shall well and truly try and determine according to your Oaths to be

*	Evidence, in the matter now before you.	taken by all

« So help you GOD.’ Membwsofa General Court

*	I	do	swear,	That	I	will duly administer Juftice, according Martial.

‘ to the Rules and* Articles for the better Government of His

*	Majefty’s Foroes, and according to an Aft of Parliament now in

*	force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes

*	therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection \ and

CAP. IX.

C 2

« if

L

C.9.

59’ GEO. III.

A.D. 1S19.

The Judge

The Oath.

In Sentences

Officers shall

concur, &c.

*	if any Doubt Hull arise, which is not explained by the said Articles

*	or Aft of Parliament, according to my Confidence, the best of my 4 Understanding, and the Cuftom of War in the like cases : And I

* further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court

* until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Perfon < duly authorised by Him ; neither will I, upon any account, at any 4 time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any 4 particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give 4 Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a Court 4 Martial, in a due Courfe of Law.	So	help me GOD.*

And so Soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the Atfrocate to be respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorised mwrtrn	and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon

officiating as Such, an Oath in the following Words.

4 J	do	swear, That I will not upon any account, at

4 any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion 4 of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required 4 to give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a 4 Court Martial, in a due Courfe of Law. So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in of Death, what Inch case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present Number of shall concur therein, (except such General Court Martial shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqft Indict, or in Africa, or in New South Walct as aforefaidj ; and in all cases where a Court Martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indiet, or in Africa and in New South Walet as aforesaid, when the fame shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concur* Hours of Trial rence of Two Thirds at the lead of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witneffes duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance privileged from *n ^ourt8» in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witneffes attending any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any tuch Witnefs shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs issued by which such Witnefs was arrested; or if the Coutt out of which the Writ or Procefs issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indiet, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witnefs was arrested in going to or retumiug from or attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witneffes so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Seffion or

Sheriffs

Witnesses attending Courts Martial to be

Witnesses not attending liable to be attached.

A.D.1819.

«° GEO. m.

C9.

31

Sheriff* Depute or Stewards Depute, or their respective Subftkutes, within their several Shires and Stewartrien, in Scotland, or Courts, of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King’s Bench, or Court of Seffion in Scotland, or Courts- of Law in the Wcjl Indies, in like manner as if such Witnefs had ne-glefted to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Perfon officiating as such at any General Court Martial, do and he is hereby required to transmit, witn as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Diftance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London, or if the Court Martial shall have been held in Ireland, to the Judge Advocate General in Dublin ; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preferred in the respective Offices, to the end that the rerfons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer shall muster any Regiment, Troop or Company within the City of IVeJlminJler, and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, but in the Prefence of Two or more Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being difcharged* from his Office, unless such Justices, upon Forty eight Hours’ Notice being given to Six of His Majefty's Justices of the Pbace- reading within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend such Mufter ; and in case of such Neglqft, such Officer may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours after such Mufter taken, that such Notice was given to Six Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices; so attending are hereby empowered to (ign the said Mufter Rolls, and to take Recognifance of such Mufter, and to examine the Truth thereof, before they (ign the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enacted. That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Mufter of Man or Hor ie, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or (ign the Mufter Roll wherein such false Mufter is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also every Officer who shall directly or iodireftly take or cause to be taken any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the muttering any Regiment, Troop or Company, or on or for the signing of any Mufter Rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witneffes before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorised and required to adnunifter such Oath), shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majefty’s Service.

XLV. And be it further enacted,. That if any Officer shall knowingly muster any Perfon by a wrong Name, upon Conviftion thereof before a General Court Martial, the said Officer shall be subject to such Penalties as are directed and inflicted by this Aft upon thole who shall make false Mufters.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of His Ma-Forces residing in. Barracks, or elsewhere under Military

Proceedings, &c. of Courts Martial to be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General.

No Muster in Westminster, Ac. but in the Presence of Two or mors Justices.

Penalty on Officers making false Musters, Ac.’

C 3

Law,

Penalty for mustering sons by wrong Names.

Officers not liable to have Parish Poor

apprenticed to them.

Continuance etf Act

Persons making false Representations in taking the Oath marked (A.)>

- and obtaining i Bounty, deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences. 30 G. a. c. a4.

C. 9, 10.	59°	GEO.	lit	A.D. 1819.

Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parilh Poor Child bound Apprentice to him; but that every fuch^Officer shall be wholly exempt from taking or receiving, or from having bound to him any such Child as an Apprentice, any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithilanding.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be and continue in force within Gneat Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sari and Isle of Man9 and the 1 (lands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be serving, and in the West Indiet and America, from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good 'Hope, the Isle of France and Bourbon9 and Ifiands thereto belonging^ Saint Helena and the Weftem Coaft of Africa, from the Twenty fifth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. X.

An A£t for the regulating of His Majefly’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[23d	March	1819.3

[This AS is the fame, and all the Schedules are also the fame, as 58 G. 3. c. 12. except as to Dates, the SeBions that are here in-ferted, and the Omijfton ofSeSions 67. and 79. of 58 G. 3. c. 12.3

LXXVII. AND be it further enacted, That any Perfon who shall knowingly, wilfully and designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Form of Oath marked (A.) in the Schedule annexed to this Ad, before the Juftice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, for the purpose of obtaining, and shall thereupon obtain any Enlifting Money, or any Bounty or Part of a Bounty, for enlisting into His Majefty’s Royal Marines, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Ad palled in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS for the more effeSual Punijbment of Perfons who shall attain or attempt to attain Pojfejjton of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for

the

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

23

010,1).

the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming m Public Houfes by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices; and that the Production of such Oath, and Proof of the Juftice'a Hand Writing thereto, shall in any Profecution to be instituted again ft the eolifting Perfon or Recruit therein named, be sufficient Evidence of such Perfon having represented the Several Particulars contained in such Oath at the time of his being attested; and in case such Perfon shall be an Apprentice, he shall immediately after the Expiration of his Apprentice(hip, or other sooner Determination of it, whether he shall have been convicted and puniftied or not, be deemed duly enlisted, and be liable from thenceforth to Serve as a Marine; and if, on the Expiration or other sooner Determination of his Ap-prraticeship, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer at the Head Quarters of one of the Divifions of His Majefty’a Royal Marine Foroes, or to some Royal Marine Officer authorised to receive Recruits, he shall be liable to be apprehended and dealt with as a Deferter from His Maiefty’s said Royal Marine Forces.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Penalty for shall be lawful for any Two Junices of the Peace or Magistrates before whom any Perfon shall be brought who has enlisted, and who shall be 0 n proved upon Oath before them and convicted of having wilfully concealed any Infirmity upon being attested, to adjudge such Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and such Perfon shall thereupon be fub-je& to such Puniftiment as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be infii&ed upon Rogues, Vagabonds, and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates so convicting any such Perlon as aforesaid.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of His Officers not Maiefty’s Royal Marine Foroes, residing in Barracks or elsewhere, under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parifti poor apprenticed Child bound Apprentice to him, but that every such Officer shall be them, wholly exempt from taking or receiving, or from having bound to him, any such Apprentice; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An A£k to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of those purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and to permit such Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Perfons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Perfons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[23d March 1819.]

[This A8 is the tarns as 58 G. 3. c. 5. except as to Dates, and as to the Seffm1 here infertedt]	A	__

^ C 4	‘	III.	AND

2i

C. 11,12.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Person* acting as Trustees for Roads, not having the Qualification, indemnified.

‘ IIL AND Whereas several Perfons hare inadvertently, and

*	without any corrupt or interested Motives, acted as Trustees in the

*	Execution of divers A61s of Parliament for the making or repair-4 ing of divers Turnpike Roads in England, without being pofieffed

*	of the Qualifications required respectively by the several Adis of 4 Parliament under which inch Perfons were appointed or elected to 4 be Trustees, and without having taken and subscribed the Oaths or •4 Affirmations of their Qualifications reauired by such AAs refpedl-

*	ively Be it further enacted, That all. Perfons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity mentioned in or inflicted by any Adi or Adis of Parliament for the making or repairing of any Turnpike Road or Roads in England, by acting as Trustees in the Execution of any such Adi or Adis without being poflefTed of the Qualifications required by any such Adi or Adis respectively, or by negledring to take and subscribe any Oath or Affirmation required to quality them as such Trustees, according to any such Adi or A&s respectively, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred by reason of such acting, or of such Omiffion or Negledl as aforesaid; and that no Adi, matter or thing, done by any of them in the Execution of any such Adi or Adis of Parliament, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such acting,. or of such Omiffion or Negledl as aforesaid, but that all such Adis, matters and things, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Perfons respectively had been duly qualified to act as such Trustees, and had taken and subscribed fucn Oaths or Affirmations at such Place and in Such Maimer as is required respectively by the Several Adis under which Such Perfons shall have acted as Trustees as aforesaid ; any thing in the Said Adis, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding : Provided always, that fucn Perfon or Perfons do and ftiall take and subscribe the Oaths or Affirmations of Qualification required by the respective Adl or Adis under which such Perfon or Perfons shall act as a Trultee or Trustees, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said Adis respectively, before any such Perfon or Perfons shall act as such Truftqe or Trustees at any time after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Adl*

cap. xir.

An Adl to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[31ft March 1819.3

4 TX)R the better and more effectual Execution of the Laws for 4 X? the Relief of the Poor, and for the Amendment thereof May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, iliah Select	he	lawful	for	the	Inhabitants of any Paristi, in Veftry

Vestries for the assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to eftabliffi a Sele& Concerns of the Veftry for the Concerns of the Poor of such Paristi; and to that Poor.	end	to	nominate	and	elect,	in	the	fame or in any fuhfequent Veftry*

Parishes < powered to

A.D.l 819.

59° GEO. III.

C.1S.

«5

or any Adjournment thereof respectively, such and so many fub-ftantial Houfeholders or Occupiers within such Paristi, not exceeding the Number of Twenty nor lets than Five, as shall in any such Veftry be thought fit to be Members of the Select Veftry ; and the Reftor, Vicar or other Minifter of the Paristi, and in his Abfence the Curate thereof (fuch Curate being resident in and charged to the Poor's Rates of such Parifti), and the Churchwardens and Overfeen* of the Poor for the time being, together with the Inhabitants who shall be nominated and elected as aforesaid (fuch Inhabitants being first thereto appointed by Writing under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty 'a Justices of the Peace, which Appointment he is hereby authorised and required to make), shall be and constitute a Seled Veftry for the Care and Management of the Concerns of the Poor of fucn Paristi, and any Three of them (Two of whom shall neither be Churchwardens nor Overseers of the Poor) shall be a Quorum; and when any Inhabitant elected and appointed to serve in any such Select Veftry shall, before the Expiration of his Office, die or remove from the Parifh, or shall become incapable of serving, or shall refiife or neglect to serve therein, the Vacancy which shall be thereby occasioned shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be filled up by the Ele&ion and Appointment, in manner aforesaid, of some other substantial Houfeholder or Occupier of such Paristi, and so from time to time as often as any such Vacancy shall occur; and every such Sele& Veftry shall continue and be empowered to aft from the time of the Appointment thereof until Fourteen Days after the next Annual Appointment of Overseers of the Poor of the Parifti shall take place, and may be from Year to Year, and in any future Year, renewed in the manner hereinbefore directed; and every such Select Veftry shall meet once in every Fourteen Days, and oftener if it shall be found necessary, in the Parifti Church, or in some other convenient Place within the Parifti ; and at every such Meeting a Chairman shall be appointed by the Majority of the Members present, who shall preside therein ; and in all cases of Eouality of Votes upon any Queftion there arising, the Chairman shall have the casting Vote ; and every such Sele& Veftry is hereby empowered and required to examine into the State and Condition of the Poor of the Paristi, and to inquire into and determine upon the proper Obje&s of Relief, and the Nature and Amount of the Relief to be given; and in each case shall take into Confideration the Chara&er and Condu& of the poor Perfon to be relieyed, and shall be at liberty to diftinguisti, in the Relief to be granted between the deferring, and the idle, extravagant or profligate Poor ; and such Sele& Veftry shall make Orders in Writing for such Relief as they shall thins: requisite, and shall inauire into and superintend the Colle&ion and Adminiftration of all Money to be raised by the Poor's Rates, and of all other Funds and Money raised or applied by the Parifti to the Relief of the Poor ; and where any such Sele& Veftry shall be efta-bhftied, the Overseers of the Poor are required, in the Execution of their Office, to conform to the Dire&ions of the Sele& Veftry, and shall not (except in cases of sudden Emergency or urgent Ne-ceffity, and to the Extent only of such temporary Relief as each case shall require, and except by Order of Justices, in the cases hereinafter provided for,) give any further or other Relief or Allowance to the Poor, than such as shall be ordered by the Seled Veftry.

2	II.	And

Constitution of Select Vestries.

Members elected, being appointed by a Justice, to constitute a Select Vestry.

Vacancies how supplied.

Continuance of Select Vestries.

Power of Renewal Meetings and Duties of Select Vestries.

Overseen (Exception) to give no other Relief than as ordered by Select Vestry.

C. 18.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Proceedings by Justice of Peace, upon Complaint of Want of Relief.

Overseers summoned to appear before Two Justices.

One Justice may order temporary Relief, in cases of urgent Necessity.

Minutes kept of Proceedings of Select Vestries.

Minutes and Reports of Proceedings, laid before Inhabitants in General Vestry.

Notice of bolding Vestries, Election of Members, &c.

II.	And be it further enabled, That when any Complaint shall be made to any Juftice of the Peace, of the Want of adequate Relief, by or on the behalf of any poor Inhabitant of any Parifti for which a SeleA Veftry shall be eftabliftied by virtue of this A6t, or in which the Relief of the Poor is or shall be under the Management of Guardians, Governors or Dire&ors appointed by virtue of Special or Local A61s, such Juftice shall not proceed therein, or take Cog-nifance thereof, unless it shall be proved on Oath before him, that Application for such Relief hath been first made to and refused by the Sele& Veftry, or by such Guardians, Governors or Directors ; and in such case, the Juftice to whom the Complaint shall be made may summon the Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, to appear before any Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Pbace, to answer the Complaint; and if upon the hearing thereof it shall be proved on Oath, to the Satisfa£hon of the Justices who shall hear the fame, that the Party complaining, or on whose behalf the Complaint shall be made, is in need of Relief, and that adequate Relief hath been refused by the Sele& Veftry, or by such Guardians, Governors or Diredors, or that such Select Veftry shall not have assembled as by this A& directed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to make an Order, under their Hands and Seals, for such Relief as they, in their just and proper Difcretion, shall think necessary ( Reference being also had by such Justices to the Charafter and Condu& of the Applicant) ; provided, that in every such Order the special Caufe of granting the Relief thereby directed shall be expressly dated, and that no such Order shall be given for or extend to any longer time than One Month from the Date thereof: Provided that it (nail be lawful for any Juftice to make an Order for Relief in any case of urgent Neceffity, to be specified in such Order, so as such Order shall remain in force only until the assembling of the Seleft Veftry of the Paristi, or of such Guardians, Governors or Dire&ors, as aforesaid, to which such case shall relate.

III.	And be it further enacted. That every SeleA Veftry, to be eftabliftied by the Authority of this A(hall cause Minutes to be fairly entered in Books, to be for that purpose provided, of all their Meetings, Proceedings, Refolntions, Orders and Tranfactions, and of all Sums received, applied and expended, by their Direction ; and such Minutes shall from time to time be signed by the Chairman; and shall, together with a Summary or Report of the Accounts and Tranfa&ions of the Sele& Veftry, be laid before the Inhabitants of the Parifti in General Veftry aflemhled, Twice in every Year, that is to fay, in the Month of March and the Month of 0Bober, and at such other times as the Seleft Veftry shall think fit; and the Minutes, Proceedings, Accounts and Reports of every Seledfc Veftry, shall belong to the Paristi, and be preserved with the other Books, Documents, Accounts and public Papers thereof.

IV.	Provided, and be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall cause Ten Days’ Notice, at the lead, to be publicly given, in the usual manner, of every Veftry to be holden for the purpose of eftabliftiing any Sele& Veihy, or of nominating and electing the Members, or any Member tnereof, and of every Veftry to be holden for the purpote of receiving the Report of tne Seleft Veftry ; and every Notice of any such Veftry shall state the special purpose thereof.

V. And

»

AJX1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.12.

27

V.	And be it further enacted. That every Order to be made, after the First Day of May next, for the Relief of any poor Perfon by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parifii not having a Sele& Veftry, under the Authority of this A&, shall be made by Two or more Judices, who shall, in making every such Order, take into their Coniideration the Chara&er and Condu& of the Perfon applying for Relief; provided that in every such Order the special Caufc of granting the Relief thereby directed shall be expressly dated, and that no fucn Order shall be given for or extend to any longer time than One Month from the Date thereof: Provided also, that in cases of Emergency and urgent Didress, it shall be lawful for One Juftice to order such Relief as the case shall require, dating in his Order the Circumdances of the case $ but no such lad mentioned Order shall entitle any Perfon to claim Relief by virtue thereof more than Fourteen Days from the Date of the Order, nor shall the fame have any Force or Effe& after the next Petty Seffion to be holden within the Hundred or other Divifion or Diftrift in which the Pari(h to which the fame shall apply shall be situated.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace, in their respective Special Sefiions for the Appointment of Overseers of the Poor, upon the Nomination, and at the Requed of the Inhabitants of any Pari(h in Veitry aflera-bled, to appoint any Perfon who shall be a(Te(Ted to the Relief of the Poor thereof, and shall be a Houfeholder resident within Two Miles from the Church or Chapel of such Parifii, or, where there shall be no Church or Chapel, shall be resident within One Mile from the Boundary of such Parifii, to be an Overfeer of the Poor thereof, although the Perfon so to be appointed shall not be an Houfeholder within the Parifh of which he shall be so appointed an Overfeer of the Poor; and it shall be sufficient, in every such Appointment, to describe the Perfon appointed by bis Name and Refidence ; provided that no Perfon shall be appointed to, or be compellable to serve the Office of Overfeer of the Poor of any Parifii or Place in which he shall not be a Houfeholder, unless he (hail have consented to fuch

Appointment.

VII. And be it further ena£feed, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parifii in Vedry afiembled, to nominate and ele£fc any discrete Perfon or Perfons to be Affidant Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor of such Parifii, and to determine and fpccify the Duties to be byor them executed and performed, and to fix such yearly Salary lor the Execution of the said Office as shall by such Inhabitants in Vedry be thought fit; and it shall be lawful for any Two of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to appoint any Perfon or Perfons who shall be so nominated and elected to be Affidant Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor, for such purposes, and with such Salary, as shall have been fixed by the Inhabitants in Vedry; and such Salary shall be paid, out of the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor, at such times and in such manner as shall have been agreed upon between the Inhabitants in Vedry and the respective Perfons (o to be appointed; and every Perfon to be so appointed Affidant Overfeer shall be and he is hereby authorised and empowered to execute all such of the Duties of the Office of Overfeer of the Poor m shall in the Warrant for lm Appointment be exprefied in like

manner



Order* for Relief, where no Select Vestry, made by Two or more Justices.

Exception.

I imitation of Order for Relief.

Power to Special Sessions to appoint non resident Overseen.

Consent neces* sary.

Inhabitants in Vestry may elect, and Two Justices may appoint Assist* ant Overseer with a Salary, f Sic.

Out of what Money Salary to be paid.

C. 12.

59’ GEO. III.

A.D.18I?

Continuance in Office of such Assistant Overseer.

Security may betaken.

Power to Churchwardens, &c. to build or enlarge Workhouses.

Workhouses insufficient may be sold by Churchwardens, Sec. with Consent of Two Justices.

Produce of Sale how applied.

Where no Poorhouse, Sec. ean be procured

manner and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame maybe executed by any ordinary Overfeer of the Poor ; and every Per-fon or Perfons so appointed shall continue to be an Affiftant Overfeer of the Poor until he or they shall resign such Office, or until his or their Appointment shall be revoked by the Inhabitants of the Parifti in Veftry assembled, and no longer ; and it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Paristi, upon the Nomination and Ele&ion by them of an Affiftant Overfeer or Overseers, to require and take Security for the faithful Execution of his or their Office, by Bond, with or without a Surety, or Sureties, and in such Penalty as they-(hall think fit; and every such Bond shall be made to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and may, on any Breach of the Condition thereof, be put in Suit by and in the Names of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the time being, by the Direction of the Veftry or Sele& Veftry, for the Benefit of the Parifh, in the manner hereinafter provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Parifti not having-a Workhoufe for the Poor thereof, or where the Workhoufe (hair he found insufficient or inconvenient, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, by the Dire&ion of the Inhabitants in Veftry assembled, to erect and build in such Parifti a suitable Workhouse, or to alter and enlarge any Meffuage or Tenement belonging to such Parifti for that purpose, and to purchase or take on Leafe any Ground within the Parifti for the purpose of such Building, or for enlarging any such other Mefluage or Tenement belonging to such Parifti tor that purpose ; or fu£h Churchwardens and Overseers may and they are hereby authorised to add to and enlarge any such insufficient Workhouse, as the Inhabitants of the Parifti in Vei-try shall think fit and direct.

‘ IX. And Whereas it would be advisable to enable Pariftiea to fell * and dispose of their present Workhouses, or any other Houfes or 4 Tenements belonging to such Paristies, in cases where the fame 4 are insufficient ana incapable of being enlarged or used as Work-4 houses, and to apply the Produce thereof m aid of building new 4 WorkhoufesBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Paristi, and they are hereby authorised, by the Dire&ion of the Inhabitants in Veftry assembled, and with the Confent of Two Juf-tices, to be certified under their Hands, to fell and dispose of any Workhouse, or any other Houfes or Tenements belonging to fuch-Parifti which shall be found to be insufficient or unfit for the purpose,. with the Scite thereof, and the Outhouses, Offices, Yards and Gardens thereto belonging, for the bed Price and Prices that can be reasonably obtained, and to convey and assure the fame to the Pur-chafer or PurchaferB thereof, his, ner or their Heirs and Afsigns, or. as he, (he or they shall di^edt, and to apply the Produce of fuch* Sale, after deducting the reasonable Expences thereof, towards the Purchafe or Building of a new Workhouse, or in or towards the* Payment of any Money to be borrowed under the Authority of. this Aft, as the Inhabitants in Veftry shall dire£L

4 X. And Whereas there may be Parifties in which no sufficient 4 Poorhoufe or Workhoufe can be procured for the Accommodation 4 of the Poor thereof ;* Be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

o£

0.12.

29

I

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

6f every such Parifh, by the Direftion of the*Inhabitants thereof, Inthe Fmsh, in Veftry assembled, to purchase or hire any suitable and convenient House or Houses, Building or Buildings, for that purpose, in any * adjoining Parifh, with the Confent of Two or more Justices, such Con fen t to be written upon or annexed to the Agreement for pur-chafing or hiring such House or Houses, Building or Buildings:

Provided always, that no such House or Building shall be situate more than Three Miles from the Parifh for which the fame shall be purchased or hired.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every House and Building Such Building, which shall be so purchased or hired, shall in all Queftions relative to m to Setde-the Settlement of Perfons bom or lodged therein, be deemed and ment, taken to taken to be Part of the Parifh on behalf of which the fame shall be **in P»dsh purchased or hired, and by which the fame shall be used as a Poor- “ P, * house or Workhoufe.

4 XII. And Whereas, by an Aft passed in the Forty third Year 43 Elis. c.*.

4 of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the Churchwardens and Over- 5 lm

4 seers of the Poor are directed to fet to work certain Perfons therein

* described: And Whereas by the Laws now in force sufficient m

4 Powers are not given to the Churchwardens and Overseers, to

4 enable them to keep such Perfons fully and constantly employed

Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cnurchwardens Pwidie* may

and Overseers of the Poor of any Pari(h, with the Confent of the

Inhabitants thereof in Veftry assembled, to take into their Hands pfo-nientoftho

any Land or Ground which shall belong to such Pari(h, or to the poor.

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parifh, or to the

Poor thereof, or to purchase or to hire and take on Leafe for and

on account of the Parifh, any suitable Portion or Portions of Land

within or near to fuCh Parifh, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the not exceeding

whole; and to employ and fet to work in the Cultivation of such *° Acres;

|	Land, on account of the Parifh, any such Perfons as by Law they

i	are directed to fet to work, and to pay to such of the poor Perfons

(b employed as shall not be supported by the Parifh, reasonable Wages for their Work ; and the poor Perfons so employed shall have stich and the like Remedies for the Recovery of their Wages, and Audi be subject to such and the like Punifhment for Milbehaviour in their Employment, as other Labourers in Hufbandry are by Law entitled and subject to.

XIII.	Provided, and be it further enacted, ^hat for the Promo- and may let tioo of Induftry amongst the Poor, it shall be lawful for the Church- Portions of 4 wardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Pari(h, with the Confent of f° p°°r

j the Inhabitants m Veftry assembled, to let any Portion and Portions of 1 ltant8‘ Inch Parifh Land as aforesaid, or of the Land to be so purchased or taken on account of the Parifh, to any poor and industrious Inha-1	bitant of the Parifh, to be	by him or her occupied and cultivated on

!	his or her own Account,	and for his or her own Benefit, at fuch

itafonable Rent and for such Term as shall by the Inhabitants in Veftry be fixed and determined.

XIV.	Provided, and be it further enacted, That no Sum exceed- Amount to be

ing the Amount of a Rate or Afleflment at One Shilling in the ra^f?d/or Pound upon the Annual Value of the Property in any Panfh afleff-	““V

able to the Rates for the	Relief of the Poor, shall be raised, ex-	Lends^kc!

pended or applied in any	One Year, in purchasing, building and	limited,

repairing any Buildings or Land by this Aft authonfed to be pur**

chafed,

so

C. 12.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Power to raise further Sums by Loanst or by the Sale of Annuities.

Future Rates charged with Loans and Annuities.

No greater Rate than is. in the Pound shall be charged on future Rates, unless with Consent of Two Thirds in Value of the Proprietors of Premises.

chafed, taken, built *or repaired, and in fitting up, preparing and furnishing such Buildings, and in Hocking such Land, or for any One or more of such purposes or Obje&s, unless the major Part of .the Inhabitants and Occupiers assessed to the Relief of the Poor, in Veftry assembled, shall consent thereto, nor until Two Third Part* in Value of all the Inhabitants and Occupiers so assessed as aforefaid

(whether present in Veftry or not) shall nave also signed their Con-ent thereto in the Veftry or Parifh Book.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Inhabitants of any Parifh shall in manner aforesaid consent that a greater Sum than the Amount of a Rate or Affeffment of One Shilling in the Pound will raise, shall be expended in One Year for all or any of such Putpofe3 and Obje&s, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parifh, with the Confent of such Majority as aforesaid of the Inhabitants and Occupiers thereof, to be given and signed in the manner hereinbefore directed (after the Rate or Rates at or amounting to One Shilling in the Pound shall have been actually levied and applied for such purposes or some of them), to raise any additional Sum or Sums, by Loan, or by Sale of an Annuity or of Annuities or any Life or Lives, not being under the Age of Fifty Years respectively, or for any certain Term not exceeding Fifteen Years, so as the whole Sum to be raised for all or any of such purposes by Loan, and by the Sale of Annuities, or by either of such means, shall not be more than Five Shillings in the Pound of or upon the true Annual Value of the Property which shall in such PariftT be assessed to the Poor’* Rates (every Propofal for any such Annuity being first dated to and approved by the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parifh in Veftry aftembled) ; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall and they are hereby authorised, in the Names and on the behalf of the Inhabitants of the Parifh, to sign and execute Securities for the Money which shall be so borrowed, and for the Annuities to be so granted; and by every such Security to charge the Produce of the future Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parifh with the Repayment of the principal Sum which shall have been so borrowed, and the Intereft thereof, or with the Payment of the Annuity thereby granted (as the case may be), at and upon the Days and times, and in such manner and Proportions, as in and by the Security for eveiy such Loan and Annuity respectively shall be appointed and expressed for the Payment thereof; and the Money to be raised by such future Rates shall be subject and liable to the Payment of every such Loan and the Intereft thereof, and of every such Annuity accordingly.

XVI.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no greater Sum in the Whole than the Amount of a Rate or Affeffment at One Shilling in the Pound, shall in any Parifh be charged upon the future Rates thereof, unless Two Third Parts in Value of the Proprietor* of MefTuage8, Lands and Tenements within such Parifh (whether for Eftates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leafes for Terms of not less than Fifteen Years absolute or determinable upon a Life or Lives) shall have consented to raise the Money for which the Charge or Security shall purport to be made ; such Confents to be given by Writing under the Hands of all Perfons and Corporations Sole, and the Confent of every Corporation Aggregate under

, the

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. Ill*

C.lfc

31

the Hand of the President, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being, and the Confents of Femes Covert, Minors, Infane Per-iooa, and Perfons out of the Kingdom, by and under the Hands of their respective Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, Tru flees, At-tonnes or Agents, who are respectively authorised to give such Contents, and the Confent of the major Part of the Trudees for any charitable or other purpose shall be sufficient in respect of the Trud Eftates.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, hired or taken on Leafe by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parifh, by the Authority and for any of the purposes of this Ad, shall be conveyed, demited and allured to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parifh respectively, and their SuccefTors, in trust for the Parifh; and such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and their SuccefTors, shall and may and they are hereby empowered to accept, take and hold, in the Nature of a Body Cor* poratte, for and on behalf of the Parifh, all such Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, and also all other Buildings, Lands and Here* dhaments belonging to such Parifh; and in aD Adions, Suits, In-di&ments and other Proceedings for or in relation to any such Buddings, Land or Hereditaments, or the Rent thereof, or for or in relation to any other Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments belonging to such Parifh, or the Rent thereof, and in all Adions and Proceedings upon or in relation to any Bond to be given for the faithful Execution of the Office of an Affiftant Overleer, it shall be fuf-firient to name the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the time being, deferibing them as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parifn for which they shall ad, and naming such Parifh; and no Adion or Suit, Indittment or other Proceeding, shall eease, abate, or be difeontinued, quashed, defeated or impeded, by the Death of the Churchwardens and Overseers named in such Proceeding, or the Deaths or Death of any of them, or by their Removal or the Removal of any of them from, or the Expiration of, their respective Offices.

XVIII- And it is hereby further enacted, That the Clauses, Powers, Provifions and Diredions contained in an Ad passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Purpofe of enabling Bodies Politic ana Corporate, Truflees, Guardians and incapacitated Perfons, to contract for the Sale of and to convey and lease Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purpofes in that Ad exprefTed, and for and with regard to the Payment and Application of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said Ad, fail extend and be applied to all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased, hired or taken for the Purpofes and under the Authority of this Ad, and to the Payment and Application of the Purchafe Money for the fame, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Clauses, rowers, Provifions and Dirrdiooi were herein repeated and contained, and were hereby ex-enaded and applied to Lands and Buildings to be purenafed and taken on Leafe for any of the Purpofes of this Ad.

‘ XIX. And

Churchwardens and Overseen may take and sue as Bodies Corporate.

Action, Ac* not to abate by Death, Ac. of Churchwarden or Overseer.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey. Powers and Directions of Seat. 22 G. 3, c. 83. as to Sales, Ac. applied to this Act

C.12.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819*

Power to rate Owners of certain Houses let out in Lodgings, &c. instead of the Occupiers.

How far Inhabitants in Vestry may vary, Ac. Resolutions of former Vestry in this respect.

Mode of Assessment under such Resolutions.

Payment levied as Poor Rates.

( XIX. And Whereas in many Parifhes, and more especially in large and populous Towns, the Payment of the Poor’s Rates is

greatly evacted, by reason that great Numbers of Houfes within such Pariflies are let out in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or for Ihort Terms, or are let to Tenants who quit their Refidences

or become insolvent before the Rates charged on them can be col-le&ed ; and it hath been found, that in many Inftances the Perfons letting such Houfes do actually charge and receive much higher Rents for the fame, upon the Ground and Expedition that the Occupiers thereof cannot be effectually assessed to the Poor’s Rates, and will not be charged with or required to pay such Rates, and do thus obtain an undue Advantage to themielyes, and by means of the Premifes the other Inhabitants of such Parifhes are unjustly compelled to pay much more than their fair and due Proportions of the Charges of relieving and maintaining the PoprFor Remedy thereof be it further enacted, That from and after the Firffc Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parifh, in Veftry assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to reiolve and diredfc, that the Owner or Owners of all Houses, Apartments or Dwellings in such Parifhes, being the immediate LefTor or Leflors of the actual Occupier or Occupiers, which shall refpedfcively be let to the Occupiers thereof at any Rent or Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Six Pounds by the Year, for any less Term than One Year, or on any Agreement by which the Rent shall be reserved or made payable at any shorter Period than Three Months, shall be assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, for or in refpedfc of such Houses, Apartments or Dwellings, and the Outhoufes and Curtilages thereof, instead of the adtu&l Occupiers; and the Inhabitants so assembled in Veftry may and they are hereby authorised from time to time to refeind, renew, vary and amend every such Refolution and Direction as they shall fee Occafion, so as no such Refolution or Dire&ion shall extend to assess or charge the Owner of any House, Apartment or Dwelling which shall with the Outhoufes and Curtilages thereof be let at a greater Rent than Twenty Pounds or less than Six Pounds as aforefaia; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parifti are hereby empowered and required to carry into effea all such Resolutions and Dire&ions of the Inhabitants in Veftry assembled, and in pursuance and execution thereof, in all Rates to be by them made tor the Relief of the Poor, to assess by a fair and equal Pound Rate the Owner or Owners, being the immediate LefTor or Leflors of the actual Occupier or Occupiers, of every House, Apartment or Dwelling to which such Refolution and Direction shall extend, for or in respect of the fame, according to the actual Rent at which every such House, Apartment or Dwelling shall be let, after making a reasonable Dedu&ion from such Rent, not exceeding in any Cafe One Half of the fame; and upon Nonpayment of the Sum or Sums so to be assessed, the fame may and shall be levied upon, and the Payment thereof be enforced against, such Owner and Owners, LefTor and LefTors, so to be assessed, and his and their Goods and Chattels, in like manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor may by Law be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced, upon and against any actual Occupier on whom the fame are charged.

XX. Pro-

A.D. 1619.

59* GEO. III.

C.lfc.

>33

XX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of every Occupier of any such House, Apartment or Dwelling, which shall be found in and about the fame, shall be liable to be distrained and fold for railing so much of any such Rate or Affeff-ment being in Arrear, as shall have become due during the Occupancy of the Perfon or Perfons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained (to be ascertained in a Summary Way by the Justices granting the Warrant of Diftrefs), so that in no case any greater Sum be raised by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of any such Occupier, than shall, at the time of making such Distress, be actually due from such Occupier for Rent of the Premifes on which such Diftrefs shall be made; provided also, that every Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Rates, or upon whose Goods or Chattels the tame or any Part thereof shall be levied, shall and may deduct the Amount of the Sum which shall be so paid or levied, out of the Rent by him or them payable; and such Payment Shall be a Sufficient DiScharge to every such Occupier for so much of the Rent payable by him as be shall nave paid, or as shall have been levied on his Goods and Chattels, of such Rate, and for the Cofts of levying the fame.

XXI.	Provided, and be it further enacted, That every Perfon receiving or claiming the Rent of any such House, Apartment or Dwelling, for his or her own Ufe, or receiving the fame For the Ufe of any Corporation Aggregate, or of any Landlord or Leflor who ftiall be a Minor, under Coverture, or in fane, or for the Ufe of any Peribn who shall not be usually refidens: within Twenty Miles from the Parifh in which any such House, Apartment or Dwelling shall be situated, shall for this Purpofe be deemed and taken to be and shall be rateable as the Owner thereof.

XXII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Perfon to be rated as the Owner of any such House, Apartment or Dwelling, who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such Rate, shall have such and the like Remedy by Appeal against the fame, as any other Perfon thereby rated; and every Perfon so rated (hail be entitled, as an Inhabitant of the Parifh in and for which he shall be aflefTed, to be present and to vote in every Veftry or Meeting of the Inhabitants thereof, for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, or for the Coniideration of any Matter or Queftion in relation thereto, in like manner as the Inhabitants of the said Parifh.

XXIII.	Provided, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Power or Authority to affefa the Owner (not being the Occupier) of any House, Apartment or Dwelling, in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, in which the Right of voting for the Ele&ioh of Members to Serve in Parliament (nail depend upon the Afteflinent of the Voter to the Poor’s Rate, or to vary or affect the manner of assessing and charging any of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses, Lands or Tenements, within any such City, Borough or Town Corporate.

* XXIV. And Whereas Difficulties having frequently arisen, and

*	confiderable Expences have sometimes been incurred, by reason of

*	the Refufal of Perfons who have been permitted to occupy, or who 4 have intruded themselves into Parifh or Town Houses, or other 4 Tenements or Dwellings built or provided for the Habitation of

*	the Poor, or otherwise belonging to such Parifhes, to deliver up 4 the Pofieffion of such Houses, Tenements or Dwellings, when

59 Gko. III.	D	*	thereto

Goods of Occupier* may be distrained for Rates to the Amount of the Rent actually due.

Occupier* paying Rates empowered to deduct the • Amount out of their Rem.

Persons receiving Rent in certain Cases rated as Owners!

Persons rated as Owners may appml;

and may vote in Vestries.

No Owner, not being an Occupier, rated, in Places where Right of voting for Members of Parliament depends on rating.

M

C.1*.

59° GEO. III.

AJX1819.

Two Justices empowered* in ■certain Cams to deliver the Pe—tion of

Mode of ftw-

’• thereto required; and it is expedient to provide a Remedy for the 4 fame f Be it further toadied, That if any Perfon who shall have been permitted to occupy any Parilh or Town House, or auy other Tenement or Dwelling belonging to or provided by or at the

_________ Charge of any Parifh, for the Habitation of the Poor thereof, or

Parish Houses, who shall have unlawfully intruded himself or herself into any such from Persons House, Tenement or Dwelling, or into any House, Tenement or Hereditament belonging to such Parifh, shall refuse or negledfc to quit Churchwardens ^ame» and deliver up the Poffeffibn thereof to the Churchwardens and Overseers, and Overseers of the Poor of any such Parifh, within One Month after Notice and Demand in Writing for that PurpoCe, signed by such Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, (ban have been delivered to the Perfon in Pofleflion, or in his or her Ab-fence affixed on some notorious Part of the Premises, it shall be lawful for any Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint to them made by One or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh in which any such House, Tenement or Dwelling shall be situated, to ifTue their Summons to the Perfoa again ft whom such Complaint shall be made, to appear before such Justices at a time and Place to be appointed by them, and to cause such Summons to be delivered to the Party against whom the Complaint shall be made, or in his or her Ablence to be affixed on the Premises, Seven Days at the least before the time appointed for hearing such Complaint $ and such Justices are hereby empowered and required, upon the Appearance of the Defendant, or upon Proof on Oath that such Summons hath been delivered or affixed as is hereby directed, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter of such Com* plaint, and if they shall find and adjudge the fame to be true, then by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause Pofleffion of the PVemifes in question to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh, or to some of them.

XXV. - And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon to whom any Land appropriated, purchased or taken under the Authority of this A&, for the Employment of the Poor of any Parifh, or to whom any other Lands belonging to such Parifh, or to the Churchwardens and Overseers thereof, or to either of them, shall have been let for his or her own Occupation, shall refuse to quit and to deliver up the Pof-feflion thereof to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of ^ such Parifh, at the Expiration of the Term for which the fame frail md Overseers!* ^een <lem^e^ or let to him or her; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall unlawfully enter upon, or take or hold Pofleffion of any such Land, or any other Land or Hereditaments belonging to such Parifh, or to the Churchwardens or Overseers, or to either of them, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, after such Notice and Demand of Pofleffion as is by this A& directed in the Cafe of Parifh Houses, to exhibit a Complaint against the Perfon or Perfons in Pofleffion of such Land, before Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised and required to proceed thereon, and to hear and determine the Matter thereof, and if they shall find and adjudge the fame to be true, te cause Pofleffion of such Land to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or some of them, in such and the like Courfe and Manner as are by this A& directed with regard to Parifh Houfes.

4 XXV L And

6

Two Justices empowered to deliver Possession of Land

for the Poor, from Persons intruding

A.IX1S1&

5* GEO. III.

C. 12.

ts

1 XXVI. And Whereas by the said Aft palled in the Forty third	a

' Year of the Reign of Queen Eftxabeth, for the Relief of the Poor, §7,

‘ it was enacted, that the Father and Grandfather, and the Mother ‘ and Grandmother, and the Children of every poor, old, blind, lame

*	and impotent Perfon, or other poor Perfon not able to work, being ‘ of a sufficient Ability, shall at their own Charges relieve and main-

*	tain every such poor Perfon, in that Manner and according to that i Rate as by the Justices of the Peace of that County where such 1 foffident Perfon* dwell, or the greater Number of them, at their

*	General Quarter Seffion, shall be affeffect: And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient to extend the Power which is by the said Aft given to ‘ Justices in their General Quarter Seffions, to Justices in Petty Sef-

‘ fontBe it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices in

or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, for the County Petty Staton*

or other Jurifdiftion in which any such sufficient Perfon shall dwell, ®®P°we*edm

and they are hereby empowered, in any Petty Seffion, to make fuch

Afleflinent and Order for the Relief of every poor, old, blind, lame, j,y

impotent or other poor Perfon not able to work, upon and by the ,	*	Z	j

Father, Grandfather, Mother, Grandmother or Child (being of fuf-

ficient Ability) of every such poor Perfon, as may by virtue of the^ **	z

find Aft be made by the Justices in their General Quarter Selfions;	•

and that every such AflelTment and Order of Two or more Juftices/'1 iV

in any Petty Seffions shall have the like Force and Effeft as if

Dane were made by the Justices in their General Quarter Seffion	KJf	S$b

and the Difobcdience thereof shall be punilhable in like manner.

1XXVII. And Whereas by the said Aft passed in the Twenty as G. 3 c. 85.

*	fecund Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for the better Relief ‘ and Employment of the Poor, it is enacted, with regard to Parilhes ‘ which have adopted the Provifions thereof, and for which a Viiitor < Ihafl have been appointed, that no Guardian of the Poor shall be ‘ fnmmoned to appear before any Juftice of the Peace, upon Com-1 plaint or Application to such Juftice for the Relief of any poor ‘ Perfon, unlels Application shall have been first made by the Perfon 4 lb complaining to the Guardian, and upon his Refufal of Redress,

*	to the Vifitor: And Whereas in many Cases, by reason of the Ab-

*	fence of the Vifitor, or the Diftance of his Refidence, it may not be

*	in the Power of the Complainant to make the Application by the ‘ find Aft requiredFor Remtdy thereof be it further enacted,

That if it shall be made to appear to any Juftice to whom any such Cases in whick

Complaint or Application for Relief shall be made, that the Vifitor One Justice

of the Parilh or United Parilhes from which Relief shall be fought is Duty sanutMMt

abfent from Home,'or is resident more than Six Miles from the Place G“*”*J*'*j^

of Abode of the Complainant, and that Application for Relief hath ^ake

been made to the Guardian, and hath been refused, it shall be lawful for without Visitor.

such Juftice to summon the Guardian to appear before him to anfwer

such Complaint, and to proceed thereon, and make such Order

therein, as the Cafe shall require, in like manner as in Cafes where

Application hath been made to the Vifitor, in the manner by the faid

Aftdirefted.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Examination any Juftice of the Peace to take in Writing the Examination on of Prisoners to Oath of any Perfon having a Wife or Child, who shall be a Prisoner k any Gaol or House of Correction, or jn the Cuftodv of the Evidence. *

Keeper of any such Gaol or House of Correction, or who lhall

D 2	be

59° GEO. III.



ai*.

A.D.I819,

Overseers empowered in certain Cases, to give Relief by way of Loan only.

be in the Cuftody of any Constable or other Peace Officer, by virtue of any Warrant of Commitment, touching the Place of hie or her lad legal Settlement; and such Examination shall be finned by such Juft ice taking the fame, and shall be received and admitted in Evidence as to such Settlement before any Juftioes, for the pur-pofe of any Order of Removal, so long only as the Perfon so examined shall continue a Prisoner.

* XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient to difeourage that Reliance '4 upon the Poor’s Rates which frequently induces Artifans, Labourers ‘ and others, to squander away Earnings which would with suitable 4 Care have afforded sufficient means for the Support of their Fami-4 lies Be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Justices, or to the General or Seleft Yeftry, or to such Guardians, Governors or Directors as aforesaid, or to the Overseers of the Poor, to whom Application shall be made for Relief for any poor Perfon, that he might, but for his Extravagance, Negle& or wilful Mif-conduct, have been able to maintain himself, or to support his Family

Jas the case may be), it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the >oor (by the Direction of the Justices, or of the General or Seled Veftry, or of such Guardians, Governors or Directors, where Application shall have been made to them refpeCtively) to advance Money weekly or other wife, as may be requisite, to the Perfon so applying, by way of Loan only, and to take his Receipt for, and Engagement to repay every Sum to be so advanced /for which no Stamp Duty shall be required); and it shall be lawful tor any Two Justices, upon the Application (within One Year after any such Loan or Loans) of One or more of the Overseers of the Poor for the time being of the Pari(h, to summon the Perfon to whom any Money shall have been so Proceeding* advaneed; and if upon Examination by such. Juft ices into his Cir-for Repayment cumstances, it (hail appear to them that such Perfon is able, by weekly ° oan*	Inftalments	or	otherwise, to repay the Whole or any Part of the Mo-

ney so advanced to him, and for tvhich he shall have given any such Receipt and Engagement, it shall be lawful for such Justices to make an Order under their Hands and Seals for the Repayment of the Whole or of any Part of such Money, at such time and times, and in such Proportions and Manner as they shall fee fit; and upon every Default of Payment, by their Warrant to commit such Perfon to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Sum and Sums which shall be due and payable by virtue of such Order shall be sooner paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Perfon entitled to or in Receipt of any Penfion, Superannuation or other Allowance, in respect of his Service in the Navy, Royal Marines, Army or

Pensions, &c. for Service in the Navy, Army, Ac. may be assigned in certain Cases for the Indem-

Ordnance, shall apply to any Pariftt for Relief for himself, or for his Wife or Family, it (nail be lawful for the Churchwardens and Over-

feers of the Poor to require the Penfioner or other Perfon applying nity of Parishes, for Relief, before the fame shall be granted, to assign to them the next Quarterly or other Payment-or Allowance which shall become payable to him, to the intent that they may receive the fame, and retain loathe Ufe of the Parifh so much thereof as shall have been by them advanced for the Relief of such Penfioner, or other Perfon, or of his Wife or Family redding with him in such Pari(h ; and it shall also be lawful for the.Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Pariih, at the Requcft of any Perfon who shall be entitled to or in the Receipt

of

And Church-

wardens, Ac. may advanca weekly Allowance.

A.D.101&

*9° GEO. III.

C.\4.

ST

of any such Penfion, Superannuation, or other Allowance, to advance for his Support, or the Support of his Family, any weekly Sum not exceeding the Rate of his Penfion or Allowance, to be repaid by and out of the next Quarterly or other Payment of such Penfion or Allowance, and to take an Affignment thereof by way of Security for the Money so to be advaneed, any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithfbuiding ; and every Alignment to be made of any such Penfion, Superannuation or Allowance, for the Purpofes of this Aft, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and shall be in the Form, or to the fifed following; that is to fay,

4 J [Mniiff lit Penfioner or other Applicant, and Jlating such Parti-4	cularsasJhall he requifite] do hereby alfign to the Churchwardens

4 and Overfeera of the Poor of the Pariih of 4 the next Payment of the Penfion, at the Rate of 4	per	Diem, [or, as the case may he], granted to

4 me as	and	payable	from

4 in order to secure to the said Pariih of 4 the Repayment of the Sum of

4	advanced	to me [or, of the weekly Sum of

4	*	ordered or agreed to be advanced to me^

4 as the case may he] by such Churchwardens and Overfeers*

• * Signed by the above named	\

4 before me, One of His Majefty'a Juft ices f 4 of the Peace for	{

4 this	Day	of	J

And every such Affignment, attested by One of His Majefty*! Justices of the Peace, of any Quarterly or other Payment payable by the Commiffioner8 for the Affairs *of the Royal Hofpitaus at Chelsea or Greenwich, or by the Paymafter of the Royal Marines, or the Trea-furer of the Board of Ordnance respectively, and made as aforesaid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Pariih, shall he transmitted by such Churchwarden or Overseer, at Ieaft One Month before such Payment shall become due, under Cover, addressed to the Paymafter General oT His Majefty's Foroes, with the Words44 Chelsea Penfioner” written thereon, or to the Paymafter of Penfions at Greenwich Hofpstal, with the Words44 Greenwich Penfioner” written thereon, or to the Paymafter of the Royal Marines, with the Words 44 Royal Marines Penfioner” written thereon, or to the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, with the Words 44 Ordnance Penfioner” written thereon ; who fhaH thereupon respectively cause the said Payment to be made to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Pariih for whose Security the Affignment shall have Been made, in the fame manner as the (aid Payment would have been made to the Perfon assigning the fame if no such Affignment had been made ; and such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby authorised to receive the fame, and to retain thereout for the Ufe of the Parifii so much as shall have been advanced and pad on Security thereof, and forthwith to pay the Refidue (if any there ball be) to the Penfioner or Perfon by whom such Affignment shall have been made ; and if any Queftion shall arise between the Penfioner or Perfon making any such Affignment and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Pariih, touching the Amount which shall be due and payable to them by virtue of any

D 3	f«ch.

Form of Assignment.

Such Alignment, tttatsd by Justices transmitted by CBunhwtfdes, Ac. to Paymaster General, &c.

Pennon assigned to be paid to Churchwardens, &c, for Use of Parish, &c.

S8

C. 12.

A.0.1818.

'Assignment void by Death of Pensioner before Day of Payment

Two Justices may order Payment to Overseen of Pensions, Ac. of Persons leaving their Families chargeable;

And Paymaster Oenenl* Ac. to make each Payment accordingly.

How Churchwardens, to apply the seine.

69* GEO. III.

such Affirnment* the fame shall be determined in a fomtnary Way by \ One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, and his Order and Determination therein shall be final and conelusive: Provided that no such Alfignment shall entitle the Churchwardens and Overseers to whom the fame shall be made, to receive the Penfion or Allowance purporting to be thereby alllgned, if the Party assigning. the fame shall die before the time when such Penfion or other Allowance would have become payable to him if no such Alfignment thereof had been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Penfioner, or other Perfon entitled to or in receipt of stay such Penfion or other Allowance as aforesaid, shall leave his Wife or Family chargeable, or suffer them to become chargeable to any Paristi, it shall be lawful for Two or more Juft ices, upon Complaint thereof to th?m made bj any one or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of fuen Paristi, and verified on Oath, by Order under their Hands and Seals to direct that the next Payment which shall become due of such Penfion or other Allowance shall be made to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Pari(h to which such Wife or Family shall have become chargeable ; and any One or more of such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall transmit such Order to she aforesaid Com-miflioners for the Affairs of the Royal Hofpitals at Chdfea or Green* tvicb, or the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance respectively, in like manner as any Alignment is hereinbefore directed to be transmitted to the Paymafter General of His Majefty*s Foroes, and the Paymafter of Penfions at Greenwich, the Paymafter of the Royal Marines, add the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance, as the case may be ; which said Paymafter General, or Paymafter of Penfions at Greenwich, or the Treasurer of the Board of Ordnance, shall thereupon, and upon fuf-ficient Proof being given that the Perfon whose Penfion or other Allowance shall be directed to be paid shall have been living when the fame shall become payable, and would have been entitled to receive the fame if no such Order had been made, caiife the said Payment to be made to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parifti for whose Security such Order shall hav# been made ; and the Churchwardens and OverleerB of the Poor receiving any such Penfion or other Allowance by virtue of any such Order, shall retain and apply the fame, or so much thereof as (nail have been actually expended for the purposes aforesaid, for the Ufe and Indemnity of the Paristi, and shall pay the Overplus (if any there shall be) to the Penfioner or Perfon entitled thereto; and upon the Receipt of any such Order as aforesaid, by which the Penfion, or other Allowance to be mentioned therein, shall be directed to be paid to such Churchwardens and Overseers as aforefaid* the Payment thereof shall be suspended, until sufficient Proof shall have been given to entitle the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Paristi, in such Order named, to receive the Money thereby directed to be paid to them.

‘, XXXII. And Whereas in many Inftances the Wives and Families k of Seamen employed in the Merchants* Service become chargeable 1 to Pardhes, while their Hufbands and Fathers are absent on such 4 Service, and it is expedient to provide for the Indemnity of ..such 4 Pardhes by and out of the Wages of such Seamen Be it therefore further enacted, That where the Wife or Family of any Seaman employed in any Voyage or Trip (not being His Majefty’s Service)

Two Justices

AJxm*

59* GEO. III.

C. 19.

9»



during kb Abfeace on such Employment, become chargeable order I**ym*nt to any Pari in, it shall be lawful for two Justices, upon Complaint J*^**®* c£r%mm thereof to them made by any One or more of the Chnrdfwardens and FamU_ Overfcera of the Poor of such Parifh, and verified on Oath, by his Absence Order under their Hands and Seals to direct the aft mg Owner or has become Owners, Ship’s Hufband or Agent of the Ship or Veffel in which fneh chargeable, ft* Seaman flail be emploved, to pay out of the Wages which shall be-cone doe to such Seaman, unto the Churchwardens and Overseers of 0	*”

the Poor of the Parifh to which his Wife or Family shall have become chargeable, so much as shall hare been by such rarifh necessarily expended far their Maintenance or- Relief, (the Amount, m case of aayDifpute, to be ascertained by Two Justices, whose Determination thereon flail be final); and upon the Production of any such Order, And the Ow-the Owner, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, by whom the Wages of the ner, Ac. to Seaman therein to be named shall be payable, shall pay to such One make mb «r more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Pa- Pjym®** rift for whose Indemnity such Order shall have been made, as fhall	&c

demand the fame, the Sum and Sums to* be therein specified and di- accordingly/ lifted to be paid, or so much thereof 'as the Wages then due shall - mount unto ; and the Payment to and Receipt of any such Churchwarden or Ovcrfcer, shall be a good Difeharge for so much of such Wages as iutfl be paid to them or him by virtue of any such Order; and if any such Owner, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, shall refuse or And upon regfeft to pay to the Churchwarden or Overfeer producing any such Refusal, Pro-Order, the Money thereby dirdfted to be paid, or so much thereof ceedings may as Hull be actually due for the Wages of the Seaman to be therein named, the feme may be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof ^baCWdf enforced, against the Owner or Owners, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, pw*s Hum* by whom the feme shall be payable, in such and the like manner as Poor’s Rates in Arrear may be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced, against the Parties and Perfons chargeable and dmged therewith: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Provtav shall autborife or compel the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by filch afiing Owner or Owners, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, until the Voyage in which the Vefiel shall be so engaged shall be completed, oor beyond the Sum that shall be then actually due to such Seaman, by such aftiug Owner or Owners, Ship’s Hufban4 or Agent, as Wages or otherwise.

* XXXIII. And Whereas poor Perfons, bom in Scotland and ‘ lrdand, and in the Ides of Man, Jersey and Guemfiy, frequently 4 became chargeable to Parifhes in England, and. no Frovifion is made 4 for the Removal of any such poor Perfon, unless he Or (he shall have

•	committed feme Aft of Vagrancy, and shall be adjudged to be a

*	Rogue and Vagabond; and no Perfon so adjudged can be lawfully 4 removed without having been first publicly whipped or imprisoned in 4 the House of Correftion.: And Whereas it is expedient to authorise 4 the Removal of such poor Perfons, although they may not have

ms, although they may not 4 committed any Aft of* Vagrancy, and to authorise Juftices1

f . Power tb-TW Ot the ju8tices t« re-

4 Face to cause such of them as may be adjudged to be Rogues and move charge-4 Vagabonds, to be conveyed by a Pafs, without having been first able Poor born 4 whipped or imprisoned;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That it in Smtland, shall be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby required,' upon the Complaint of the Churchwardens and Overseers if the Poor of any Parifh, that any Perfon born in Scotland or In /r*.	^	Axt

D 4?	land,	of Vagrancy.

5F GEO. III.

A,D.18l&

45

C.12;

17 G. 1. c.5.

Scotch and Irish Vagrants may be removed without being whipped or imprisoned.

Justices to act within their respective Jurisdictions.

Provisions relating to Parishes applied to Townships, &c.

Majority to act.

Powers given to Vestries ■pplwd to Meetings of Townships, Ac.

land, or in either of the Ides of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, hath be-come chargeable to such Parifh, by himself or herself, or his or her Family , to Caufe such Perfon to be brought before them,* and to examine such Perfon, and any other Wit nets or Witneffes, on Oath, touching the Place of the Birth or last legal Settlement of every such Perfon, and to inquire whether he or (he, or any of his or her Children, hath or have gained any Settlement in that Part of the United King* dom called England; and if it shall be found by such Justices, that the Perfon so brought before them was born in Scotland or Ireland, or m either of the .Ides of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, and hath not gained any Settlement in England, and that he or (he hath actually become chargeable to the complaining Pari(h, by himself or herself, or his or her Family, then such Juitices shall and they arft hereby empowered, by a Pafs under their Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effed prescribed by the Ad passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to-amend the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds (mutatii mutandis), to cause such poor Perfon, his Wire, and such of his or her Children so chargeable as shall not have gained a Settlement in England, to be removed to the Place of his or her Birth or last legal Settlement, in the manner by the said Ad dire tied for the Removal of Rogues and Vagabonds to Scotland and Ireland, and the Ides of Man, Jersey and Guernsey ; and all Conilables and other Officers, and all Matters of Vefleis, are hereby required to convey every Perfon so to be passed in the manner by the said Ad directed for the Conveyance of Rogues and Vagabonds.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Juilice of the Peace, who shall adjudge any Perfon born in Scotland or in Ireland, or in any of the Ifles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, (and not having gained a Settlement in England,) to be a Rogue and Vagabond, in his Difcretion and according to the Circum-ftances of the Cafe, either to order him to be whipped, or Him or her to be imprisoned in the House of Correction, as by the Laws in being are directed, before he or (he shall be removed, or to cause such Rogue and Vagabond to be removed without having" been so whipped or imprisoned.

XXXV.	A^d be it further enacted, That all Powers and Authorities by this Ad given to and vetted in Juttices of the Peace, shall be exercHed and executed by such Justices within the Limits of their respective Commiffions and Jurifdidions, and not elsewhere \ and that all Provisions, Clauses, Authorities and Diredions in this Ad contained, in relation to Parifhes, shall extend and be conftrtied to extend to all Townships, Vills and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining their Poor separately ; and that all Ads and Duties required or authorised by this Ad to be done and executed by Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, may in every Pari(h be performed, exercised and executed by the major Part of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor thereof; and that in Town(hips, Vills and Places which have no Churchwarden, the fame may be performed, exercised and executed by the Overseers of the Poor thereof, or the major Part of them ; and that all the Powers, Provifions and Claufes in this Ad contained, which relate to Veftries, or to the Inhabitants of any Parifli m V$ftry assembled, shall be construed to extend to all Meetings of the Inhabitants of any Town-

ship,

A,D. 1319.

5^GE0. III.

41

C. 12, 1$.

Hup, Vfll or Place, having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining its Poor feparatelv, to be held after due and legal Notice for carrying into Execution tne Laws for the Relief of the Poor, as fully* as ir in every such Provifion and Claufe they were severally and re-fpedively named and repeated.

XXXVI.	Provided, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A ft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, abridge, alter, prejudice or affect, further than is hereby exprefsfy enaAed, any of tne Powers, Diredions, Proviiions or Regulations contained in the said Ad passed in the Tyvcnty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in or with respect to such Parities, Townfhips and Places as have adopted, or as shall adopt and become subject to the Proviiions of that A d ; nor to take away, abridge, alter, prejudice or affect any of the Powers or Proviiions of any special or local Ad or Ads, for the Maintenance, Relief or Regulation of the Poor, in any City, Town, Hundred, Diftrid, Pari(h or Place, so nevertheless that in every City, Town, Hundred, Diftrid, Parifh or Place, such of the Clauses, Diredions and Powers in this Ad contained, as are not repugnant to, nor incompatible with, the Provifiona of the said Ad of tne Twenty second Year of His* Majefty’s Reign, or of such re-fpe&ive special or local Ads, shall have the like Force ahd Effed, id may be adopted and applied in like manner, as in other Parilhes and Placxs: Provided also, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, affect or disturb any Seleft Veftry which in any Parilh has been established and acted upon by virtue of any ancient Ufage or Cuftom.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England•

CAP. XIII.

An A£t to continue Two Ads of the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes used for the Purpofes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one ; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Afls of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Mules.	[31ft	March	1819*]

4	by	an Ad passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the

•	W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for reducing

•	the Duties payable on Horfes used for the Purpofes therein mentionedfor

•	Tw> Tears, and for repealing the ASs granting Allowances in reJpeS

4 rf Children, certain Duties of Affeffed Taxes were di(continued and

4 Impended, and other Duties substituted in lieu thereof, for the

•	Term of Two Years next after the Fifth Day of April One thou-

1	(and eight hundred and (ixteen; and which Rates of fubftituted

•	Duties were continued by another Ad passed in the Fifty eighth

•	Yew of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An AS to continue

4 until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

•	and amend an Ait of the Fifty Jixth Tear of His present Majesty, for

•	reducing the Duties payable on Horfes used for the purposes therein

•	menthnedf and extended to other Cafes therein mentioned, for the

* Term

Proviso for Powers of aa G. 3. c. 83. where the Provisions are adopted;

and for Powers given by Special Acts;

and for Select Vestries, by ancient Custom, &c.

Act to extend to England only.

56 6.3. c. 66.

58 G.3.«. 16.

42-

G,13.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 181ft

* Term of One Year, from the Fifth Day of ^fpril One thousand 4 eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of April One 4 thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to continue the feme Rates of Duty in the said federal Ads men*

4 tioned for a further time Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this prefeat Parliament aUembled, and by the Authority'of the fame, That the several Duties, and the Regulations and Proviuons for aflefsing, charging, railing, levying, collecting, applying and accounting for the fame, in the (aid feveral'Ads mentioned, shall be and the fame are hereby continued. severally continued from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Aifefled 4 Taxes now chargeable under certain Ads, puffed in the Forty 4 eighth and Fifty lecond Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 in respect of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hereinafter described,

4 should be reduced as hereinafter is providedBe it therefore enacted. That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thou-by sand eight hundred and nineteen, the progressive Duties chargeable on Horfes, Mares or Geldings, shall, in the Cafes hereinafter mentioned, be discontinued; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged and paid for every Horse, Mare or Gelding which shall be wholly used by any Butcher or his Servant or Servants in his Trade, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence; provided that where such Butcher shall so use Two Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and no more, there shall be charged for such Second Horse, Mam at Gelding, the annual Sum of One Pound One Shilling.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred" and nineteen, the Duties .chargeable on Horfes, Mares or Geldings not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, used for the Purpofes of riding or drawing Carriages, shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged and paid for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, and used for the Purpofes of riding or drawing any Carriage, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Two

> for Shillings : Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Ad contained Exemptions- shall tie away the Exemption or Relief to which any Perfon keeping and using any such Horse, Mare or Gelding is now by .Law entitled!

IV.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Fifth

Duty on Hones used Butchers reduced.

48 G. 3.0.55. 5* G.3. c.93

Duties On Hones not exceeding Thirteen Hands high.

Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred aad nineteen, 41 Mares

Hares kept

for Breeding ______ __ __	    ^	_________

«emptiri:and	(hallbe kept for the foie*purpofe of Breeding, shall whilfk fo

the Seller, &c7	wh°lly exempt from Duty; and that all Perfona shall and

may fell any Horfes whigh shall have been bred by them or kept by them as Farming Stock upon Lands in their Occupation, for the Space of Three Months at the least, without being liable to be afieffed to the Duties payable by Horse Dealers; any tning in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

Doty on Horso V. And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Fifth kept for Bailiss,. Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties payable under the (aid several Ada, in respect of One Horse, Mare

AJxiaij.

59° GEO. III.

43

C. IS, 14.

or Gelding, bead Jide kept for and ufnally employed by any Bailiff upon the Concerns of any Farm or Farms with winch he may be in-trutted, ihall cease during the Continuance of this Aft; and that New Duty, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged for any such Horse, Mare or Geld* ing fb kept and used, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings*

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day Duty on Mult* of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties pay* for carrying able under the said several Afts, in respect of Mules kept by every	ft®11

Perfon seeking his or her .Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance ^^fmade of Ore, Slate or Stone, or Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit,

shall cease during the Continuance of this Aft ; and that from and New Duty, after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Perfon keeping any Mule or Mules for the Purpofe of carrying Ore, Slate or Stone, or Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit,, or for the Purpofe of carrying any Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed, or other Manure, shall be charged for each such Mule the annual Sum of Three Shillings ; provided that such Ore, Slate or Stone, Coal or Proviso.

Culm, Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed, or other Manure, be loaded on the Backs of such Mules, and not otherwise.

* VII. And Whereas Petfoes occupying Farms in the Cafes fpe-1 rified in the said Afts are deprived of the benefit of the reduced 1 Duties if any Horfes, Mares or Geldings shall be lent or let by 1 them for Hire ;* Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said Ftovfco fbr recited Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to	of

preclude any Occupier of Land therein described from the benefit of	^

the reduced AfTeffment therein mentioned, by reason of his, her or Purposes of their lending or letting any Horse or Horfes, Mare or Mares, Geld- Agriculture, ing or Geldings, in respect of which such reduced Affeffment shall be Ac. made, to be employed lolely bond Jide and for no other Purpofe what-foerer except for the Purpofes of Agriculture, or fbr the making or repairing of Roads, or for drawing Coal, Wood, Peat or TurT for Confumption as Fuel in any Private House or Houses, and not for the Purpofes of Sale*

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Tenant On Appeal, coming into the Occupation of his or her Farm at or after Midjummer J6®****®-1"* in any Year, may appeal to Xhe Commissioners for executing this Aft, after^Mid-and on Proof to their Satisfaction that he or (he shall not have kept ctliyimAr di*. ar used any Horfes, Mares or Geldings, by him or her used in the charged from Cukivaiion of the laid Farm, prior to his or her coming into the Moiety of An-Occupation of such Farm, shall be entitled to be released and dif- nual Amtss-charged from One Moiety of the Annual Afleffment payable in respect ment* of the fend Horfes, Mares or Geldings.

CAP. XIV.

As Aft to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Wool from	Plantations	in	America.

[31ft March 1819.]

' IX/HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty sixth Year of the 46	3* «•	W*

‘ KV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to permit,

* mtil the Twenty fifth Day 4>f March One thousand eight hundred and

4 ninr9

14

A.D. 181 d.

continued.

54 <». 3- c.ioj.

continued.

Nether land Treaty, 4th May, 1818.

Art. x. Slave Trade abolished*

» .

C. 1*, 15,16.	60a GEO. Ill,

1 nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom of Wool from the Britiflt 4 Plantations in America 5 which said Aft was continued by an Ad 4 of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 nineteen, and which is near expiring, and fit to be continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aft shall be and the fame is hereby continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

CAP. XV.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on .Merchandise imported into Ireland from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[31ft March 1819.3

1 YTTHEREASan Aft was made in'the Fifty fourth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to grant,

4 until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

4 certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Ireland 4 from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the 4 United Company of Merchants of England trading to thetLaft Indies m9 4 and to ejlabfyb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue 4 on Goods so imported; which said Aft is near expiring, and fit to be 4 continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aft shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. XVI.

An Aft to carry into Effeft the Treaty with the Netherlands, relating to the Slave Trade.	[31ft March 1819.]

4 TT 7 HE RE AS a Treaty was made between His Majesty and 4 W His Majesty the Eng of the Netherlands, for preventing 4 their Subjefts from engaging m any Traffic in Slaves, and figoed at 4 the Hague on the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred 4 and eighteen : And Whereas the First Article of the laid Treaty, 4 after reciting that the Laws of the United Engdom of Great Bri-4 tain and Ireland rendering it already highly penal for the Subjefta 4 of His Britannic Majesty to carry on or to be in any way engaged 4 in Trade in Slaves, His Majesty the Eng of the Netherlands, refer-4 ring to the Eighth Article of the Convention entered into with Hia 4 Britannic Majesty, on the Thirteenth of Augufl One thousand eight 4 hundred and fourteen, engages, in pursuance thereof, and wtmin 4 Eight Months from the Ratification of the said Treaty, or sooner if

4 possible.

AJX1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.IC.

4B

*	possible, to prohibit all his Subjects in the most effectual manner, 4 and especially by penal Laws the most formal, to take any Part 4 whatever in the Trade of Slaves ; and in the Event of the Meafures ‘ already taken by the Brittfb Government, and to be taken by that 4 of the Netherlands, being found ineffectual or insufficient, His Ma-

*	jelly and His Majesty the King of-the Netherlands, mutually engage 1 to adopt such further Measures, whether by legal - Provilion or ‘ otherwise, as may from, time to time appear to be best calculated 4 in the most effectual manner to prevent all their respective Subjects 4 from taking any Share whatever in this nefarious Traffic: And

*	Whereas by the Second Article of the Said Treaty, for the more

4 complete Attainment of the Objeft of preventing all Traffic in Slaves 4 on the Part of their respective Subje&s, His Majesty and His Majesty 4 the King of the Netherlands mutually consent that the Ships of their vjsit^ •

Art. a. Merchant Vessels with

petn Seas.

Royal Navies, which Shall be provided with special Inftru&ions for detained 4 this Purpose, as thereinafter mentioned, may visit fueh Merchant ( Veflels of the Two Nations as may be suspected upon reasonable 4 grounds of having Slaves on board destined for an illicit Traffic ;

1 and in the Event only of their finding Such Slaves on board, may 4 detain and bring away such Vefleis, in order that they mav be brought 1 to Trial before the Tribunals established for this Purpose, as therein-4 after specified: And Whereas by the Third Article of the said Art. j.

4 Treaty, for the explaining the Mode of Execution of the preceding Mode end Ex-4 Article, it is agreed ; First, That such reciprocal Right of Vifit and of 8U<^.

4 Detention shall not be exercised within the Mediterranean Sea, or	to	be

4 within the Seas in Europe lying without the Straits of Gibraltar, and	in the

4 which lie to the Northward of the Thirty seventh Parallel of North Mediterranean, 4 Latitude, and also within and to the Eaftward of the Meridian of or certain Parts 4 Longitude Twenty Degrees West of Greenwich ; Secondly, That ** Euro“

4 the Names of the several Veflels furnished with such Inflru&ions,

4 the Force of'each, and the Names of their several Commanders, shall 4 be from time to time, immediately upon their Iflue, communicated 4 by the Power issuing the fame to the pther of the said Powers;

4 Thirdly,# That the Number of Ships of each of the* Royal Navies,

4 authorised to make such Vifit as afonesaid, • shall not exceed the 4 Number of Twelve, belonging to either of them, His said Majesty 4 or His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, without the special 4 Confent of the other of than being first had and obtained 5 Fourthly,

4 That if at any time it* should be deemed expedient that any Ship of 4 the Royal Navy of either of them, His said Majesty or His Majesty 4 the King of the Netherlands, authored to make such Vifit as afore-1 laid, should proceed to visit any Merchant Ship or Ships under the 4 Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Veffel or Veflels of 4 the Royal Navy of the other of them, His said Majesty or His 4 Majesty the King of the Netherlands, that the Commanding Officer 4 of the Ship duly authorised and inftru&ed^o make such Vifit, shall 4 proceed to effect the fame in communication with the Commanding 4 Officer of the Convoy, who it is thereby agreed shall give every 4 Facility to such Vifit, and to the eventual Detainer of the Merchant 4 Ship or Ships so visited, and in all things assist to the utmost of his 4 Power in the due Execution of the said Convention, according to 4 the true Intent and Meaning thereof; Fifthly, it is further mutually 4 agreed. That the Commanders ‘ of the Ships of the Two Royal 4 Navies who shall be. employed on this Service* shall adhere ftri&ly

4 to

C.16.

59® GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

M

Art* Indemnity for hones by unjust Detention.

Art. 5.

Ships Bothering SUm not to be detained.

Art. 6. Instructions to be annexed to this Treaty.

Art 7. Mixed Courts appointed far Adjudication of detained Vessels.

Art. 8. Punishment of Naval Officers for Misconduct.

4 to the exact Tenor of the Inftru&kms which they shall receive for 4 this Purpose: And Whereas by the Fourth Article of the said 4 Treaty, His Majesty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, 4 engage mutually to make good any Lodes which their respective 4 Subje&s may incur unjustly by the arbitrary and illegal Detention 4 of their Vefleis, it being understood that this Indemnity shall invari-4 ably be borne by the Government whose Cruizer shall have been 4 guilty of the arbitrary Detention ; and that the Vifit and Detention 4 of Skips specified in the said Article shall only be effected by thole 4 British or Netherland Veflela which may form Part of the Two 4 Royal Navies, aad by those only of such Veflels which are pro-4 vided with the special Inftru&ions annexed to the said Treaty, in 4 pursuance of the Provilions thereof: And Whereas by the Fifth 4 Article of the said Treaty it is agreed. That no British or Nether• 4 land Cruizer shall detain any Ship whatever, not having Slaves a&u-4 ally on board ; and in order to render lawful the Detention of any 4 Ship, whether British or Netherlands the Slaves found on board filch 4 Veflel rauft have been brought there for the express Purpofe of the 4 Traffic : And Whereas by the Sixth Article of the said Treaty it 4 is agreed, That all Ships of the Royal Navies of Two Nations, 4 which shall hereafter be destined to prevent the Traffic in Slaves; 4 shall be furniihed by their respective Governments with a Copy of 4 the Inftru&ions annexed to the said Treaty, and which shall be 4 considered as an integral Part thereof, with a Provifo nevertheless 4 in the said Treaty, that His Majesty and His Majesty the King 4 of the Netherlands, with mutual Consent, may alter tne said In-4 ftru&ions in Whole or in Part, according to Circumstances: And 4 Whereas, in order to bring to Adjudication, with the least Delay 4 and Inconvenience, the Veflels which may be detained for having 4 been engaged in a Traffic of Slaves, according to the Tenor of the 4 Fifth Article of the said Treaty, it is by the Seventh Article of the 4 said Treaty agreed, That there shall be established, within the Space 4 of a Year at farthest from the Exchange of the Ratification of the 4 said Treaty* Two mixed Courts of Juftice, formed of an pqual Num-4 her of Individuals of the Two Nations, named , for this Purpofe by * their respective Sovereigns ; that these Courts shall reside, One in a 4 Pofleffion belonging to His Britannic Majesty, the other within the 4 Territories of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and that 4 the Two Governments, at the Period of the Exchange of the Rati* 4 ficarion8 of the said Treaty, shall declare each for its own Dominions < in what Places the Courts shall respectively reside, each referring 4 to itself the Right of changing at its Pleafure the Place of Refidence 4 of the Court held within its own Dominions: Provided however, 4 That One of the Two Courts shall always be held upon the Coaft 4 of Africa, and the other in One of the Colonial Pofleflions of ;His 4 Majesty the King ofigjhe Netherlands; and that these Courts shall 4 judge the Caufes submitted to them, according to the Terms of the 4 said Treaty, without Appeal, and according to the Regulations and 4 Inftru&ions annexed to the said Treaty, of which they shall be 4 considered as an integral Part: And Whereas by the Eighth Ar-4 tide of the said Treaty it is agreed. That in case the Cotnmand-4 ing Officer of any of the Ships of the Royal Navies of Great Bri-4 tain and of the Netherlands, commissioned under the Second Article 4 of the said Treaty, shall deviate in any Refpe& from the Difpofi-

4 tionft

A.D.I819.

39° GEO. IIL

C.16.

47

*	dou of the Dud Treaty, and shall not be enabled to justify himself,

4 either by the Tenor of the said Treaty, or of the Inftru&ions an-4 nexed to it, the Government which ihall conceive kfdf to be wronged 4 by Inch Conduct, shall be entitled to demand Reparation; and in ‘ such Cafe the Government to which the Captor may belong, binds 1 itself to cause Inquiry to be made into the Subject of the Complaint,

1 and to infli& upon the Captor, if he be found to have deferred it, a

*	Punifhxneut proportioned to the Tranfgreffion which may have been

*	committed : And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the said Treaty Art 9.

4 it is declared. That certain A&s or Inftruments annexed to the said Injection*

4 Treaty ihall form an integral Part thereof, and which are as follows,

4 that is fay ; Inftru&ions for the Ships of the Royal Navies of both p^t of tlw 4 Nations, deftiaed to prevent the Traffic in Slaves, and Regulations Treaty.

4 for the mixed Courts of Jultice which are to hold their Sittings on 1 the Coaft of Africa,, and in One of the Colonial Pofleffions of His 4 Majesty the Eong of the Netherlands: And Whereas by the First InswoctioM.

*	Article of the laid Inftru&ions before referred to, and'made an ModerfVWt. 4 integral Part of the said Treaty, it is provided. That every Ship Detention, Ac.

*	of the Royal British or Netberland NavyK which, furniihed with the of arijN.

*	laid Inftru&ions, shall, in conformity with the Second Article of the

*	laid Treaty, have a Right to viiit the Merchant Ships of either of 4 the Two Powers a&uafiy engaged, or suspected to be engaged, in

*	the Slave Trade, may (except in the Seas exempted by the Third 4 Article of the laid Treaty) proceed to such Vi fit, and should any

* * Slaves be found on board for the express Purport* of being made a 4 Traffic of, the Commander of the (aid Ship dfthe Royal Navy may 4 detain them, and having detained them, be is to bring them as foon

*	as jpoffible for Judgment before that of the Two mixed Courts of 4 Janice, appointed by the Seventh Article of the said Treaty, which ‘ ihall be the nearest, or which the Commander of the capturing Ship

*	(hall, upon his own Refpoofibility, think he can (ooneft reach from 1 the Spot where the Ship shall have been detained $ and that Ships 4 on board of which no Slaves shall be found intended for Purposes 4 of Traffic, shall not be detained On any Account or Pretence what-

*	ever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors that may be found on,

*	hoard the said VefTds, cannot in any Cafe be deemed a fufficient

4 Caufe for Detention : And Whereas by the Second Article of the Art 2.

4 dud In&ro&ions it isjprovided, That whenever a Ship of the Royal SearA mads In 4 Navy so comaaifitoned shall meet a Merchantman liable to be a 4 searched, it shall be done in the mildest Manner, and with every manner‘

4 Attention which* is due between allied and friendly Nations; and 4 m no case shall the Search be made ■ by an Officer adding a Rank 4 inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navies of Great Britain and of 4 the Netherlands : And Whereas by the Third Article of the said Ait 3.

4 Inftru&ions it is provided. That the Ships of the Royal Navies of Cargo, Ac.

4 comnuffioned which may detain any Merchant Ship, in pursuance J*™**°J 4 of the Tenor of the said Inftru&ions, shall leave on board all the 1 Cargo, us well as the Mafter, and a Part at lead of the Crew of , 4 the lad Ship; and that the Captor shall draw up ia Writing an 4 authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he 4 bund the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken 4 place in it $ and that hie shall deliver to the Mafter of the detained 4 Ship, a signed Certificate of the Papers seized on board the said 4 Vend, as wdl as the Number of Slaves found on board at the

1 Moment

48

C. 16.

£9® GEO. III.

A.D. laid.

Regulations.

Art. i. Mode of proceeding before the mixed Courts.

Art. 2. How such mixed Courts «feaU be composed.

Moment of Detention; and that the Negroes shall not be difan-barked till after the Veflels which contain them shall be arrived at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried, by One of the Two mixed Courts, in order that in the Event of their not being adjudged legal Prize, the Lofs of the Proprietors may be more eanly repaired ; but that if urgent Motives, deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of the Negroes, or other Causes, require that they fhould’ be lo disembarked, entirely or in part, before the VefTel can arrive at the Place of Refidence of One of the said Courts, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himself the Refponfibility of such Difembarkation, provided that the Necefiity be dated in a Certificate in proper Form: And Whereas by the First Article of the Regulations for .the mixed Courts of Juftice, which are to reside on the Coaft of Africa*, and in a Colonial Poffeflion of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, and which are annexed to the said Treaty as Part thereof; it is provided, That the said mixed Courts of Juftice so to be established by the said Treaty, shall decide-upon the Legality of the Detention of such Veflels as the Cruizers of both Nations shall detain in pur-fuance of the said Treaty, and that the said Courts shall judge definitively and without Appeal, according to the said Treaty, and that the Proceeding shall take place as summarily as possible; and the said Courts shall decide (as far as they shall find it pra&icable) within the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from that on which every detained VefTel shall have been brought into the Port where they shall reside; first, upon the Legality of the Capture ; secondly, in the Cafes in which the captured vessel shall have been liberated, as to the Indemnification which the said Veflel is to receive; and it is by the said Article of the said Regulations provided, that in all Cafes the final Sentence shall not be delayed on account of the Abfence of Witneffes, or for want of other Proofs, beyond the Period of Two Months, except upon the Application of any of the Parties interested, when, upon their giving satisfactory Security to charge themselves with the Expence and Rifle of the Delay, the Courts may at their Difcretion grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Four Months : And by the Second Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That each of the above mentioned mixed Courts, which are to reside on the Coaft of Africa, and in a colonial Pofleflion of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, shall be com-pofed in the following manner, that is to fay, that His Majesty, and His Majesty the King of the Netherlanasy shall each of them name a Judge and an Arbitrator, who shall be authorised to hear and to decide without Appeal all Cafes of Capture of Vefleis, which in pursuance of the Stipulations of the laid Treaty shall be brought before them; and that all the essential Parts of the Proceedings carried on before thefo mixed Courts, shall be written down in the legal Language of the Country in which the Court may reside; and that the Judges and the Arbitrators shall make Oath before the principal Magiftrate of the Place in which the Courts may reside, to judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or Captors, and to a€t in all their Deciflons in pursuance of the Stipulations of the said Treaty; and that there shall be attached to each Court a Secretary or Regiftrar, appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the

4 Court

A.D.18I&.

59° GEO. III.

C. 16.

49

Court may reside, who shall register all its Ads, and who, previous to his taking Charge of his Pod, shall make Oath before the Court, to conduct himself with Refped for their Authority, and to ad with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to his Charge : And by tne Third Article of the said Regulations Art. 3. it is provided. That the Form of the Procefs shall be as follows, Finn of the (that is to fay,) the Judges of the Two Nations shall in the fird Fiocess.

Place proceed to the Examination of the Papers of the VefTels, and to receive the Depofitions of the Captain, and of Two or Three at lead of the principal Individuals on board of the detained VefTel, as well as the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, should it appear necessary in order to be able to judge and to pronounce, whether the said VefTel has been judly detained or not, according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and in order that, according to such Judgment, it may be condemned or liberated ; and in the Event of the Two Judges not ‘agreeing in the Sentence they ought to pronounce, either as to the Legality of the Detention, or the Indemnification to be allowed, or any other Quedion which might result from the Stipulations of the said Treaty, they shall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Arbitrators, who, after having considered the Documents of the Process, shall consult with the Taid Judges on the Cafe in Quedion, and the final Sentence shall ye pronounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the Taid Judges and of the said Arbitrator: And by the Fourth . An*4. Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That in the Declaration of authenticated Declaration which the Captor shall make before Captor, the Court, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers seized, which shall be delivered to the Captain of the captured VefTel at the time of the Detention, the Captor shall be bound to declare his Name, and the Name of his VefTel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention shall lave taken place, and the Number of Slaves found on board of the Ship at the time of the Detention: And by the Fifth Art j. Article of the said Regulations it is . provided, That as soon as Indemnity on Sentence shall have been pronouneed, the detained VefTel, if Liberation of iberated, and the Cargo, in the State in, which it shall then be Vesie‘s, hand, shall be restored to the Mailer or the Perfon who represents him, who may, before the fame Court, claim a Valuation of the Damages which he may have a Right to demand ; and the Raptor himself, and in his Default his Government, shall remain responsible for the above mentioned Damages; and the said governments respectively bind themfelves’to pay, within the Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, the Cods and Damages which may be granted by the above named Court, it being under-lood that these Cods and Damages shall be at the Expence of the Power of which the Captor shall be a Subject: And by the Sixth Art. 6. Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That in case of Proceedings on the Condemnation of a Veffel (he shall be declared lawful Prize, as Condemnation, well as her Cargo, of whatever Defcription it may be, with the Exception of the Slaves who- may be on board as Objefts of Commerce ; and the said Veffel, as well as her Cargo, shall be fold by public Sale for the Profit of the Two Governments ; and as to the Slaves, they shall receive from the mixed Court a Certificate of Em	id	(hall be delivered over to the Government on

E

‘ whole

£0

C.16.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819

Art. 7. Compensation for Demotion of Vessels not condemned.

On Total Low.

Partial Ion.

Misconduct of Captain of detained Ship.

Scale of Demurrage.

whofe Territory the Court which shall hare so judged them shall be eftabliftied, to be employed as Servants or free Labourers 5 and each of the Two Governments binds itself to guarantee the Liberty of such Portion of these Individuals as shall be respectively consigned to it: And by the Seventh Article of the said Regulations it is provided. That the said mixed Courts shall also take Cognifance and decide, according to the Third Article of the faia Regulations, on all Claims for Compenfation on account of LofTe8 occasioned to Veffels detained under Sufpicion of having been engaged in the Slave Trade, but which shall not have been condemned as legal Prize by the said Courts ; * and in all Cafes wherein Reflitution shall be decreed, the Court shall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Ufe, a just and complete Indemnification for all Cofts of Suit* and for all Loifes and Damages which the Claimant or Claimants may have actually sustained by such Capture and Detention; that is to fay, first, in case of total Lofs, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, (A) for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Stores; (B) for all Freights due and payable ; (C) for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandise, if any, deducing for all Charges and Expences payable upon the Sale of such Cargoes, including Commiffion of Sale ; (D) for all other regular Charges in such Cafes of total Lofs; and, secondly, in all other Cases, not of total Lofs, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, (A) for all Special Damages and Expences occasioned to the Ship by the Detention, and forth* Lofs of Freight when due or payable; (B) a Demurrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the said Article; (C) for any Deterioration of Cargo; (D) an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amount of the Capital employed in the Purchafe of Cargo, for the Period pf the Delay occasioned by the Detention ; and (E) for all Premium of Infurance on additional Rifks; and the Claimant or Claimants shall in all Cafes be entitled to Intereft at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs ; the whole Amount of such Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at the Exchange Current at the time of the Award ; and to avoid, as much as pofiible, eteiy Species of Fraud in the Execution of the said Treaty, it is also by the said Seventh Article of the said Regulations agreed, That * it it should be proved* in a manner evident to the Conviction of the Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourse to the Decifion of an Arbitrator, that the Captor has been led into Error by a voluntary tind reprehensible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that Cafe only, the detained Ship shall not have the Right of receiving, during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage stipulated by the said Seventh Article; and to the said Seventh Article, a Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance is annexed, as follows; that is to fay ; for a Veffel of

* 100 Tons to iao inclufive	-	-	£5 per Diem*

*	121 Tons to 150 inclufive	6	per Diem,

* 151 Tbns to 170 inclufive	-	^	S per Diem,

« 171 Tout

A.V.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C.I61

il

4 171 Tons to 200 inclusive 4 301 Tons to 220 inclusive * 221 Tons to 250 inclufive

10	per Diem,

11	per Diem,

12	per Diem,

4 251 Tons to 270 inclufive	-	-	14 per Diem,

4 271 Tons to 300 inclufive	-	-	15 per Diem,

*	And so on in proportion; And it is by the Eighth Article of Art 8,

4 the said Regulations provided, that neither the Judges, nor the Judges, &c.

•	Arbitrators, nor the Secretary of the mixed Court, shall be per- ^^^elTe 4 raitted to demand or receive from any of the Parties concerned in

4 the Sentences which they shall pronounce, any Emolument under 4 any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which 4 are imposed upon them by the said Regulations : And lastly, it is Art. 9.

4 by the Ninth Article of tne said Regulations agreed, That in the Supplying 4 Event of the Death or legal Impediment of One or more of VajmiicJesof 4 the Judges or Arbitrators composing the above mentioned mixed ***

4 Courts, their Pods shall be supplied ad interim in the following 4 manner ; that is to fay, on the Part of the British Government the 4 Vacancies shall be fitted successively in the Court which shall fit 4 within the Poffeflion of His Britannic Majedy, by the Governor 4 or Lieutenant Governor resident in that Colony, by the principal 4 Magiftrate of the fame, and by the Secretary ; and in that which 4 (half fit within the Poflefiions of His Majedy the King of the 4 Netherlands, it is agreed, that in case of the Death of the British 4 Judge or Arbitrator there, the surviving Individuals of the said 4 Court shall proceed equally to the Judgment of such Ships as 4 may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their Sen-4 tenee; and that on the Part of the Netherlands, the Vacancies 4 shall be supplied in the Poflefiions of His Majedy the King of the 4 Netherlands, successively by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor,

4 the principal Magidrate and Secretary of Government; and upon 4 the Coaft of Africa, in case of the Death of any Netherland Judge 4 or Arbitrator, the surviving Members of the Court shall proceed 4 to Judgment in the fame manner as above specified for the Court 4 resident in the Poffeflion of His Majedy the King of the Nether•

4 lands, in the Event of the Death of the British Judge or Arbi-4 trator: And it is by the said Article further agreed. That the	^

4 Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Settlement of either 4 Power, where neither of the said mixed Courts shall fit, in the 4 Event of a Vacancy arising, either of the Judge or Arbitrator of 4 the other Power, shall forthwith give Notice of the fame to the 4 Governor or Lieutenant Governor of^he neared Settlement of 4 such Power, in order that the Lofs may be supplied at the 4 earlied possible Period ; and that the Vacancies which may arise in 4 the above mentioned Courts, from Death or any other Caufe 4 whatever, shall be supplied definitely as soon as possible : And 4 Whereas it is expedient-and necefTary that effectual Provifion should 4 be made for carrying into Execution the Provifions of the said 4 Treaty Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament gflem-Med, and by die Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for Ships of War, aay Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majesty, duly duly autho-anthorifed in that behalf, and provided with Inftru&ions according

--—--———	—	■■■	■	—--   7	WVUVHV	•n.vv.vog

to the Provifions of the said Treaty, to visit and detain in any Seas

E 2

(except acting contrary

5£

to the said Treaty, except In certain Sqm.

British Vessel* trading in Stares* or acting contrary to the Treaty, sub* ject to Visitand Detention by British or Ne-therland Vessels, and to Condemnation by the Judges appointed according to such Treaty.

Such Visit and Detention not to take place in the Mediterranean, &£.

British Ships of War risiting Merchant Ships under Nether-land Conroy, to act in concert with Commander of Conroy.

C. 16.	59°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1819.

(except in the Seas excepted in the Third Article of the said Treaty ) all Ships and Veffels belonging wholly or in part to Subjeds of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, which shall be suspected upon reasonable grounds of having Slaves on board for the Purpofe of Traffic, contrary to the Articles of the said Treaty, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, VefTels and Cargoes, by the said Treaty made fubied to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provifion8 of the said Treaty, and the Inftrudions and Regulations aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That aH Ships and Veffels, belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Subjeds, which shall be fuTpeded upon reasonable grounds Qf having Slaves on board for the purpose of illicit Traffic, shall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the said Treaty, Inftrudions and Regulations aforesaid, subject to the Vifitations of Britljh or Netherland Veffels of War, duly authorised for that Purpofe according to the Proviffons before recited; and that all Ships and Veffels belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Subjeds,. which shall be found having Slaves on board for the purpose of illicit Traffic, contrary to the Treaty, Inftrudions and Regulations so recited as aforesaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Stores belonging to fucli Ships or Veffels, and all Slaves and Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby declared to be and made subject to the Vifit and -Detention of British ©r Netherland Veffels or War duly authorised for that Purpose, according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and to Forfeiture according to the Provifions of the said Treaty, •and the Inftrudions and Regulations thereunto annexed, and for that Punpofe shall be and are hereby made subject to the Adjudication of, and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Judges and Arbitrators to be appointed according to the Proviffons of the said Treaty, and to the Inftrudions and Regulations 'annexed thereto, recited as aforesaid.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Right of Vifit and Detention shall not be exercised within the Mediterranean Sea, ■nor within the Seas in Europe lying without the Straits of Gibraltar, and which lie to the Northward of the Thirty seventh Parallel of North Latitude, and also within and to the Eaftward of the Meridian of Longitude Twenty Degrees West of Greenwich; and that Ship's on board which no Slaves shall be found intended for the purpose of Traffic, shall not be detained under the Authority of this Ad, on any Account or Pretence, whatever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors who may be found on board any Veffels, shall not in any case be deemed a fumcient Caufe for Detention.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall be deemed expedient that any Ship of His Majefty’s Navy, authorised to make such Vifft as aforesaid, should proceed to viftt any Merchant Ship or Ships under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Veffel or Veffels of the Royal Navy of His Majesty the Ring of the Netherlands, the Commanding Officer of His Britannic Majefty’s Ship, duly authorised and initruded to make such Vifft, shall in all Cafes proceed to effect the fame in communication with the Commanding Officer of such Convoy ; and in case at any time it shall be deemed expedient that any Ship of the Royal Navy of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, authorised to make such Vifit

as

A.D. 1319.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 161



as aforesaid, should proceed to visit any Merchant Ship or Ships

under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Veffel or

Veffels of His Britannic Majefty’s Navy, the Commanding Officer of

such Convoy (in communication with whom the Commanding Officer

of the Ship of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, dtilv

authorised and instructed to make such Vifit, shall proceed to effelx

the fame) shall give every Facility to such Vifit, and to the eventual Facilities to be

Detention, according to the said Treaty, of the Merchant Ship or given to Visits^

Ships so visited, and shall in all things assist to the utmost of his Power ®c-

in the due Execution of the said Treaty, according to the true Intent

and Meaning thereof.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His The King of Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter- Great Britain signed by One of His Majefty1 s Principal Secretaries of State, to B^^Judees appoint such Judges and Arbitrators as are in and by the said Treaty ^

and the Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by	to

His Majesty, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies whkn tha Treaty, may arise in such Offices, by appointing other Perfons thereto ; and to grant Salaries to such Judges and Arbitrators as aforesaid, not sui««w exceeding such annual Sums as the Commissioners of His Majefty’*

Treasury of the -United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time direlt; and such Judges and Arbitrators are hereby Powers, authorised and empowered to examine and decide all such Cafes of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Veflels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, seized, taken or captured under the said Treaty,

Inftru&ions and Regulations, as are by the said Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations, ana by this Alt, madfe fubjeH to their Jurifdiltion ; and to proceed therein, and give such Judgments, and make such Orders therein, and to do all other Alts, Matters and Things appertaining thereto, agreeable to the Provifions of the said Treaty, and the Inftru&ions and Regulations annexed thereto, and'reGited as aforesaid, as fully and effeltually to all Intents and Purpofes as-if special Powers and Authorities for that Purpofe were specifically and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Alt.

VI. And be it further enalted, That it shall be lawful for His And may *p-Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter- point Secretary signed by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for

the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiftrar to the Court which shall be eftablifhea in His Maiefty’s Dominions, and from time to time to supply, by other Appointments, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in such Office, and. to grant a Salary to such Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding such annual Salary.

Sum as the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury shall from time to time direlt; and such Secretary or Regiftrar is hereby refpe&rvely authorised and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of such Office, as fet forth and described in the said Duty.

Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations respectively hereinbefore recited a aforesaid, and to do, perform and execute all such Alls, Matters and Things aa may be necessary for the due Difcharge of the Duties of his Omce, according to the Provifions of the said Treaty and Iaftni&ions and Regulations as aforefaid*

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall#be lawful for the Power to

Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or principal Magiftrate of the Governors of Colony or Settlement in which such Court shall fit, within the Pof-	®c’

E 3	'	feffion	p

Vacancies ad interim.

and

Arbitrators to be sworn.

Oath.

Secretary to be sworn.

Oath.

Oaths may be administered to Parties, Ac. by the Court, Ac.

Judge, he. may summon Persons and call for topers.

C. 16.	59°	GEO,	III.	A.D,	1819.

session of His Britannic Majesty, to fill up every Vacancy which shall arise in such Court, either of Judge, Arbitrator, or any Officer thereof appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, according to the Provifions contained in the before recited Regulations, annexed to the said Treaty as aforesaid, ad interim, until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be thereafter filled by some Perfon or Perfons appointed by His Majesty for that Puipofe.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Judge and Arbitrator appointed by His Majesty, or ad interim as aforesaid, shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath, in the Prefence of the' principal Magiftrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place in which the Court shall be appointed to reside ; which Oath every such Magiftrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majesty, in which such Court shall be appointed, is hereby authorised to administer in the Form following ; (that is to fay,)

*	T A. B* do solemnly fweir, That I will, according to the bell

*	of my' Skill and Knowledge, aft in theExecution of my Office

4 as	faithfully, impartially, fairly, and

4 without Preference or Fayour, either for Claimants or Captors, or 4 any other Perfons; and that I will, to the best of my Judgment

*	and Power, aft in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations,

4 Regulations and Inftruftions contained in the Treaty between His

*	Majefty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, signed at

4 the Hague, on the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred 4 and eighteen.	So	help	me GOD.*

And every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by Hib Majesty, or ad interim as aforesaid, under the Provifions of the said Treaty, Inftruftions and Regulations, and of this Aft, shall, before be enters on the Duties of his said Office, take an Oath before the Briti/b Judge as aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to administer the fame, in the Form following ; (that is to fay,)

4 J A,B. do solemnly fwestr, That I will, according to the befit 4 of my Skill and Knowledge, aft in the Execution of my Office} 4 and that I will conduct myielf with due Refpeft to the Authority 4 of the Judges and Arbitrators of the Commiffion to which I am 4 attached, and will aft with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may 4 belong to my Charge, and without Preference or Fayour, either for 4 Claimants or Captors, or any other Perfons. So help me GOD/

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Judges or either of them, or for any such Secretary or Regiftrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witneffes and other Perfons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the purpose of depofmg in the Courfe of any Proceeding before the said Judges, or before the said judges and Arbitrator, in the Ca fe in which such Arbitrator shall aft with the said Judges under the said Treaty, Inftruftions and Regulations, or this Aft$ and it shall also be lawful for the said Judges, or for the said Judges and Arbitrator, in the Cafes aforesaid, to iiimmon before them all Perfons whom they jnay deem it necefllry or proper to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding, or Matter or Thing under their Cognifance, and to fend

for

59* GEO, III

C.16.

5*

for and iffne Precept* for the producing of *11 such Papers as may relate to the Matters in question before them, and to enforce all such Sumxnonfes, Orders and Precepts, by such and the like Means,

Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do,

X.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination, or Demolition or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the said Judges, or Judges and Arbitrator, under the said Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations, or this Adi, shall be deemed guilty of Peijury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and Pojury liable to all the Punifhments, Pains and Penalties to which Perfons coavi&ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every such Perfon may be tried for any such Perjury, either in the Place where

the Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of Hi9 Where tried. Majesty near thereto in which there is a Court of competent Jurif-di&ion to try any such Offence, or in. His Majelty’s Court of King’s Bench in England; and that in case of any Profecution for such Offence m His Majefty’s (aid Court of King’s Bench, the Venue may Venue, be laid in the County of MiddUfcx.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of No Claims or

this Adi, it shall not be lawful for any Perfon to commence, pro- Suits for Ships fecute or proceed in any Claim, Adhon or Suit whatever, in the captured, Ac. High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court, or before any	Courw

Judges or Perfons whomsoever, other than the several mixed Courts appointed by of Juftice appointed under and by virtue of the said Treaty and the Treaty, this Adi, for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship, or

Cargo, or Slaves, or for any Compenfation or Indemnification for any Lofs or Damage, or for any Injury sustained by such Ship,

Cargo or Slaves, or by any Perfons on board any such Ship, in confluence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provifions of the said Treaty, or of the Inftrudlions and Regulations thereto annexed, f of this Adi; and f gfe, that the Pendency of any Claim, Suit or Proceeding instituted or gutafcefoi* which may be instituted before any of the said mixed Courts so to 8UCh Courts, be appointed under the Authority of the said Treaty and this Adt, or Judgments for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship, or Cargo, or Slaves, thereupon, taken, seized or detained by virtue of the said Treaty, or nf the ^RooeedSa Inftru&ions and Regulations thereto annexed ; or for any Compen- *n fkrion or Indemnification for any Lofs or Damage in consequence of raity| &Q, the taking, seizing or detaining any such Ship ; or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, Judgment or Determination of any such mixed Court, as the Cafe (hah require, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Iffue ; or in case no such Claim,

Suit or Proceeding shall have been instituted before any such mixed Conrt, then the said Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations, and this A&, may in like manner be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Iffue ; and every such Plea in Bar, or Evidence io .given under the General Ifsue, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a good and complete Bar to any such Claim, A&ion, Suit or’*

Proceeding in the said High Court of Admiralty, or in any Count or Place other than such mixed Courts; any thing in any A&. or A&s of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary in anywffe notwithstanding.

XII. And

Proviso for Penalties in any Act for Suppression of Slave Trade.

In Actions for executing Act, Ac. General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs*

58 G.3. c.85.

§ io, iz. repealed.

C. 16, 17.	59*	GEO. IIL	A.D.	1819*

XII.	And be it furtherjenacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be deemed or construed in any wife to alter, fuspend, affect, relax or repeal any of the CLauses, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punifhments contained and enacted in any Ad or Ads of Parliament made for the Suppreffion or Prevention of the Slave Trade ; but that all such Ads of Parliament, and all Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punifhments therein refpec-tively contained, shall remain in full Force and Virtue* any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Suit shall be commeneed, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance of the said Treaty, or the Inftru&ions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Ad, the Defendant or Defendants in such Adion or Suit may plead the General IiTue, and give this Ad and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wa6 done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Treaty, Inftrudions or Regulations, or of this Ad; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Adion after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdid ot Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coffs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by. Law.

CAP. XVtt.

An Ad to amend an Ad of last Seffion of Parliament, for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves.	[31ft	March	1819.]

WHEREAS an Ad was made in the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to carry into execution a Convention | made between His Majcjly and the King of Portugal, for the prevent-t Mg Traffic in Slaves: And Whereas it is expedient that further c Provifion should be made for carrying the said Convention into * execution, and that for that Purpofe certain Provifions in the said € recited Ad should be repealed, and certain other Provifions enacted * in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, so much and such Parts of the said recited Ad as relate to Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, or of the High Court of Admiralty, in Cafes and Queftions arising out of Captures in the said Ad mentioned that may be depending before them, and to their hearing ^nd determining any Claim of Right or Intereft therein to which His Majesty or the Captors or Seizors of Ships, Veffels or Cargoes may be entitled by reason of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, and also so much and such Part of the said recited Ad as relate to the Power of the said Courts in Cafes therein

described.

59° GEO. III.

C.17.

sr

described, to order and adjudge Ships, Veflels or Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, to be delivered or paid for the Ufe of His Majesty,

/hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

* II. And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the Convention of the Convention.

*	Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Art ?•.

*	seventeen, between His Majesty and His Moft Faithful Majesty the

*	King of Portugal, in the said recited A& of the Fifty eighth Year ^ London, to

*	aforesaid, mentioned and recited, His Britannic Majesty engaged determine on 4 to grant, in the manner thereinafter explained, sufficient Indemnifi- oertain Cap-

*	cation to all the Proprietors of certain Portuguefe Veffels and Cargoes tare* p0^tu'* 4 captured by British Cruizers, between the First Day of June One *uei8 VeMe,fc

( thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the*

4 Two Commiffions pointed out in the Eighth Article of the said 4 Convention ftiould assemble at their respective Ports on the Coaft of 4 Africa and in the Braxils; and His Majesty and His Moft Faithful 4 Majesty did agree, that all Claims of the Nature before mentioned 4 should be received and liquidated by a mixed Commiilion, to be held 4 at London, and which should con ft ft of an equal Number of the 4 Individuals of the Two Nations, named by their respective Sove-4 feigns, and upon the fame Principles stipulated by the Eighth 4 Article of the said Convention, and by the several Inftruments which 4 form an integral Part of the said Convention : And Whereas by the Regulations.

4 Tenth Artide of the Regulations annexed to and made Part of the Art m.

*	faid Convention, it was provided, that the said mixed Commiilion

4 established in London by the said Ninth Article of the said Convention otTsuch^Com*

*	therein and hereinbefore ‘recited, ftiould hear and determine all mi—w 4 Claims for Portuguefe Ships and Cargoes, captured by Britijb

4 Cruizers on account of the unlawful Trading m Slaves iince the 4 First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until 4 the Period when the Convention should be in complete execution,

4 awarding to them, conformably to the Ninth Article of the said 4 Convention, a just and complete Compenfation upon the Bafts laid 4 down in a preceding Article of the said Regulations, either for 4 total Lofts or for Loffes and Damages sustained by the Owners and 4 Proprietors of the said Ships and Cargoes ; and it was also provided,

4 that the said Commiilion established in London should be composed 4 and proceed exactly upon the fame Bafts determined in the Articles 4 One, Two and Three, of the said Regulations for the Commifiions 4 established on the Coaft of Africa and in the Br axils f Be it enacted.

That it shall be lawful for FUs Majesty, by any Warrant under His His Majesty

Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majefty*s Principal empowered

Secretaries of State for the time being, to appoint Two Perfons to

be such Members of the said mixed Commiffion to be held at London,	fQT

one of such Perfons to be a Commiffary Judge, and the other to be	Commis-

a Commiffioner of Arbitration, as are in and by the said Ninth son in London.

Article of the said Convention, and by the Inftru&ions annexed to the

(aid Convention mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from

time to time to supply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices,

by appointing other Perfons thereto, and to grant Salaries to such Salaries.

Commiflary Judge and Commiffioner of Arbitration, not exceeding

such annual Sums as the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time

to time direct; and such Commiffary Judge and Commiffioner of

Arbitration so to be appointed by His Majesty, are hereby authorifed

and

i

i

i

58

c.n.

59® GEO. Ill

AJM819.

Power*.

And to appoint a Secretary or Registrar.

CommiasaiT Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration to be sworn.

Oath.

Secretary to be sworn.

and empowered to examine and decide all such Cafes of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Veflels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, seized, taken or captured, between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commiflions mentioned in the Eighth Article of the fold Convention shall alienable at their respective Pofta on the Coaft of Africa and in the 3raziLrt as are, by the fold Ninth Article of the said Convention and by this Alt made subject to their Jurifdidio®, and to proceed in all such Cases, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders therein, and to do all other Alts, Matters and Things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provifions of the said Convention, and the Inftrudions and Regulations annexed thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if special Powers and Authorities for that Purpofe were specially and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter* signed by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiftrar to the said Commiflion to be held at Lpndony and from time to time to supply by other Appointments any Vacancy which may hereafter occur in such Office, and to grant a Salary to such Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding such annual Sum as the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury ftiall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Regiftrar it hereby respectively authorised and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of such Office, let forth and described in the foid Convention, and the Inftrudkms and Regulations thereto annexed, and do, perform and execute all such Ads, Matters and Things as may be necessary for the due Difcharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Proviftons of the said Convention, Inftrudions and Regulations.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every such Commiffary Judge, and Commiffioner of Arbitration, appointed by his Majesty for the purposes of this Ad, shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath before the Lord Chief Juft ice, or One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, or before the Lord Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejhmnfier9 for the time being 5 which Oath every such Lord Chief Juftice, or Lord Chief Baron, or Juftice or Baron for the time being, is hereby authorised to administer, in the Form following; (that is to fay,)

* T A. B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of

*	my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my Office

*	as ^	faithfully, impartially, fairly, and without

*	Prejudice or Fayour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other

*	Penons; and that I will, to the best of my Judgment and Power,

*	ad in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations of the

*	Treaty, of the Twenty second Day of January' One thousand eight

*	hundred and fisteen, and the additional Convention thereto, between

*	His Majesty and His Moft Faithful Majesty, signed at London, on

*	the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

*	feventeen.	So	help	me	GOD.*

And the Secretary or Regiftrar tp the said Commiflion shall, before he enters on the Duties of his said Office, take an Oath before the Briti/b

Commiffiuy

59° GEO. III.

C.17.

89

Co Ju

their Secretary

Coimmfiary Judge as aforesaid, who » hereby empowered to admimfter the fame, in the Form following; (that is to fay,)

J A. B» do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of Oath.

my Skill and Knowledge, a<St in the Execution of my Office, and tnat I will conduit mylelf with due Refpelt to the Authority of the Commiffarw Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration of the Commiffion to wnich 1 am attached, and will alt with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to my Charge, and without preference of or favour either for Claimants or Captors or any other PerfoDs.	So	help	me GOD.*

And the like Oaths respectively, in lieu of the Oath fet forth and prescribed by the laid recited Alt of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, fhail in all Cafes be adminillered to and taken by every Commiffary Judge and Commiffioner of Arbitration, appointed by His Majesty, or siting ad interim under the said recited Alt, in the Prefence of the Magiftrate authorised by the said Ad to administer the Oath in the said Ad recited, and by every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by His Majesty, or acting ad interim, in the Prefence of the Britt/b CommrtTary Judge.

V.	Ana be it further cnaded. That k shall be lawful for any fach Commiffary Judge, or for any such Secretary or Regiftrar appointed under this Ad, and they are hereby respectively empowered, ~ .	-

to administer Oaths to and take the Depoutioas of all Parties raysdxninister Witnefles and other Perfons who may come or be brought before Oaths, them to be examined, or for the purpose of deposing in the course of any Proceeding before the Commiffary Judges of the said Commiffion to be held in London, or before the said Commiflary Judges and a Commiffioner of Arbitration, in the Cafes in (which such Commiffioner of Arbitration fhail ad with the said Commiflary Judges under the find Convention and the Inftrudions and Regulations thereto annexed, or under this Aft; and it shall also be lawfiU for the said Commiflary lodges, or for the said Commiffary Judges and Commiffioner of Arbitration, m the Cafes aforesaid, to fumrnon before them all Perfons whom they may deem it necefiary or proper to examine in relation to say Suit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing under their Cognifance, and to fend for and issue Precepts for the producing of all fnch Papers as any relate to the Matters in tmeftion before them, and to enforce all Inch Summon fes, Orders and Precepts, by such and the like Meant,

Fovea and Authorities as are veiled in tne Commifikmeit under the hid recited A ft.

VL And be it further enacted. That every Perfon who ihaH wilfully and corruptly give faMe Evidence in any Examination or Dmoution, or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the feud Commiffary Judges or Commifinoners aforesaid, under the hiid Convention, Inftrultions and Regulations, or under this AH, hall be deemed guiky of Perjury, and being thereof convuSbed, fhail be (abseil and liable to all the Punifhments, Pains and Penalties to which Perfons canvi&ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable.

* VII. And Whereas by the Eleventh Article of the said Con-

*	tendon of the Twenty eighth Day of July One tkoufand eight

*	hundred and Jcventeen, His Majesty engaged to pay the Sum of

*	Three hundred theufand Pounds Sterling, of Indemnification by a certain Convention of dm Twenty ftrft Day of

Pojury.

Are. ii. of Coovrehm. For PajMl of 300,0001. for Captures made before

• January the nt of June 1814.

C. 17.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Recited Article loamy be pleaded In bar of any Action for such Capture.

No Claims or Suits for Ships captured under Convention, &c. to be brought, except before Commissions appointed under that Convention.

Pendency of Suit before the said Commissions may be pleaded in bar, See.

4 January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, in favour of the 4 Proprietors of Portuguefe Vefiels captured by Brtt 'tjh Cruizers, up to 4 the Period of the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and

*	fourteen, with Interest, in the manner and at the times in the faid

*	Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight

*	hundred and seventeen mentioned ; the Payment of the said Sum to

*	be made in London to the Minifter of His Moil Faithful Majessy, at

*	the Court of His Majessy, or to the Perfons whom His Moil Faithful 4 Majesty ihould think proper to authorise for that Purpose: And 4 Whereas the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds and 4. Interefl hath been duly paid by His Majesty to His Mod Faithful 4 Majessy, for the Purpofes in trie said Conventions mentionedBe it enabled, That the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds and Interest, stipulated to be paid by the said Two Conventions, and paid and accepted accordingly, as a full Compenfation for all Lodes fuilained by the Subje&s of His Moil Faithful Majesty, on account of Vefleh captured up to the Firfl Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be considered and taken to be a full Compenfation for all such Captures as aforesaid; and that the said Stipulation contained in the said Convention of the Twenty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and recited in the Eleventh Article of the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and m the said A£t of the last Seffion and m this present A6t, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence upon the General I flue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever, to be a good and complete Bar in any and every A£tion, Suit or Proceeding, brought or instituted, or to be brought or instituted for Reftitution or any other Matter or Thing in relation to any such Capture, or for any Damage or Injury fuilained thereby or in relation thereto, any thing contained in any A61 or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary notwitlmanding.

VIII. And be it further ena6led, That from and after the pafling of this A61, it shall not be lawful for any Perfon to commence, prosecute or proceed in any Claim, A&ion or Suit whatever, in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court, or before any Judges or Perfons whomsoever, other than the several Commiffions appointed under and by virtue of the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufahd eight hundred and seventeen, and the said recited Ad and this A 61, for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship or Cargo or Slaves, or for any Compenfation or Indemnification for any Lola or Damage, or for any Injury fuilained by such Ship, Cargo or Slaves, or by any Perfons on board any such Ship, in consequence of any such Capture, Seizure or Detention which shall have been or shall be made under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provifions of the said Convention, or of the Inftru6lion8 or Regulations thereto annexed, or of the (aid recited A61 or this A61, or which may be or become the Subje6l of Adjudication or Compenfation by, or be brought before the Commiffion to be held at London under the Authority of the said Convention and this A61; that the Pendency of any Claim, Suit or Proceeding instituted before any of the Com-millions so to be appointed under the Authority of the laid Convention and the said recited A61 and this A61, for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship or Cargo, or Slaves taken, seized or detained by virtue of the laid Convention, or of the Inftru6lion8 or Regulation*

thereunto

/

59° GEO. III.

C.I7.

61

thereunto annexed, or subject to the Jurifdidion and Adjudication of the laid Commiffion in London, or for any Compenfation or Indemnification for any Lofs or Damage, in consequence of the taking, seizing or detaining any such Ship, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, Judgment or Determination of any such Commiilion, as the Cafe shall require, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Ifsue; or in case no such Claim, Suit or Proceeding shall have been instituted before any such Commission, then the said Convention and the said recited Ad and this Ad may in like manner be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General I(Tue; and every such Plea in Bar or Evidence so given under the General Ifsue, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a good and complete Bar and Satisfadion to any such Claim, Adion, Suit or Proceeding, in any Court or Place, other than before such Commiffion ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

4 .IX. And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the said Convention 4 of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 4 seventeen, and hereinbefore recited, His Majesty engaged to grant 4 in the manner thereinafter explained, sufficient Indemnification to 4 all the Proprietors of Portugue/e Veffels and Cargoes captured by 4 Britifb Cruizers between the First Day of June One thousand eight

*	hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commiffions

*	pointed out in the Eighth Article of the said Convention should 4 assemble at their respective Pofts; and by the Eleventh Article of

*	the said Convention before recited in this Ad, His Majesty engaged 4 to pay the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounas for the 4 Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, and it is therefore just that such 4 Ships, Veffels and Cargoes as aforesaid, or the Proceeds'thereof, for 4 and in respect of which His Majesty shall as aforesaid pay or be 4 liable to pay any Indemnity or Compenfation, and to which the 4 Captors or Seizors shall not establish any Right or Interect, should 4 be delivered or paid to the Ufe or Difpofal of His Majesty ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Com-miffioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and for the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cafes jind Queftions arising out of the Captures of any such Ships, Veffels or Cargoes, of any Subjeds of His Moft Faithful Majesty, as well before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as between the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Period above described, which shall be depending before them, or which may be brought before them, on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their respective Jurifdi&ions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Queftions respecting any Right or Intereft in or to any such Ships, Veffels or Cargoes so captured, to which His Majesty or the Captors or Seizors of such Ships, Veffels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled by reason of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and to-enforce their Judgments and Orders therein, by the usual ProceCs of the said Courts, any thing in this Ad to tne contrary potwrthstanding: And that in all such Cafes as aforesaid, in which the Captors or Seizors shall not establish any Right or Intereft on ibeir behalf, by reason of any such Capture of any Ship, Vefflel or Cargo, it shall be lawful for the said Courts respectively to order and adjudge the Ships, Veffels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, adaU and every Part thereof, to which the Captors shall not eftablifh

any

Art 9. of Convention of 28th July 1817.

Art ir. Jurisdiction of Prize Courts of Appeal or of Admiralty, in Cases of any #such Capture brought before them.

Provision in case of Cap-tors not establishing their Rights.

62

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

C.17, 18, 19.

any Right or Intereft as aforesaid, to be delivered or paid to the Ufe or Difpofal of His Majessy, to such Perfon or Perfons as the said Commiffioner8 of His Majefty’s Treafuiy for the time being shall appoint to receive the fame, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof, by the usual Procefs of the said Courts respectively ; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

58 G. 3. c. 85. X. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Aft of the *nd	Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, so far as the fame is not expressly altered

t°m% or repealed by this Aft, shall remain in force 5 and that the said recited Aft and this Aft shall be construed together as one Aft, so far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other, and as if the Claufes and Provifions in this Aft contained had been infested in the said recited Aft of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, and had made Part thereof.

Act altered, Ac. XI. And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be amended, this Session. altered or repealed, by any Aft to be pafTed in this present Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Aft to make perpetual an Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majessy, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifland of Ne*w Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama Ijlands, in American Ships coming in Ballad.

[31ft March 1819.3

44 & 3. c. ioi» * TT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty fourth Year of VV the Reign of His present Majetty, intituled An A8 for permitting] until the Firfi Day of Augull One thousand eight hundred and /even, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of NafTau m the Ifland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Ifland in the Bahama I (lands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Bculafl ; which said Aft ■was by Three Aft8 of the Forty seventh, Fiftieth and Fifty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Maiefly revived and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen : And Whereas it is expedient to make perpetual the said Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeftr, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aft of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty fliaU, from and after the made perpetual, passing of this Aft, be made perpetual.

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Con-folidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain* available for the Public Service.	[31ft	March	1819.]

€ TT 7 HE RE AS the Payments from time to time made into the 4 VV Receipt of the Exchequer at Weflminfler, of the growing 4 Produce of the Revenues and Duties arijmg ia Greet Britain,

* which

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.19.

63

*	which form Part of the ConfoHdated Fund of the United Kingdom ‘ of Great Britain and Ireland* accumulate in the said Exchequer

*	until the End of the several Quarters in which such Payments are 4 made, ending on the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July* 4 the Tenth Day of OQober, and the Fifth Day of January* in

*	every Year; and no Part of such growing Produce can now by 4 Law be iffiied or applied at any time during the Courfe of any 4 such Quarter, towards the making good any of the Aids or Supplies 4 granted by Parliament; and it would be very advantageous to the 4 Public if Part of such growing Produce could be made applicable 4 to such purposes from time to time, in manner hereinafter men-1 tonedMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ensded; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Maieity, hr and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, sad by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Ad it shall and may be lawful for the Commiilioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland* or any Three or more of them for the time being, from time to time, by Warrants under their Hands, to order and direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to make out any Number of Exchequer Bills, authorised by any Ad or Ads of Parliament to be ifited towards any Aids or Supplies, for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said CommiiliooeTS shall think fie, and to depoiit such Exchequer Bills in the respective Offices of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the (aid Exchequer; and no Intercft shall accrue or be paid upon or for any Exchequer Bill or Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Ad, during the time that any such Bill or Bills so deposited shall remain in the Hands or in the Offices of any of the lVl]ers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted. That such Exchequer Bills shall be made out is the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and acconhag to the fame or like Rules and Diredions, as are prescribed m an Aa pafieJ in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills $ and tut all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difa-bifities, contained in the said Ad, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of tins ai (■Brand effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the (aid several Chues and Provifions had been particularly repeated and re-enaded m the Body of this present Ad, except as is otherwise specially provided in this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful hr the Auditor of the find Exchequer to iffiie from time to time, wt of the growing Produce of the said ConfoHdated Fund, being «r remaining in tne Receipt of the said Exchequer, any Sum or Suns of Money, not exceeding the Amount of such Exchequer Bifis as shall have been so deposited under the Authority of this Ad, febfeqoent to the First Day of any Quarter ending as aforesaid, in which such Iffiie shall be made; and the Iffiie of every such Sum Inll be recorded by the Clerk of the Pells in the said Receipt of Exchequer $ and Inch Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be

applied

Treasury may order Exchequer Bills to be made out and deposited in the Receipt o£ the Exchequer.

Such Bills noc to bear Intend while remaining so deposited.

Such Bills to be made out under Regulations of 48 G.j. c. x.

Auditor may issue Money out of Froduee of Consolidated Fund, equal to Amount of Exchequer Bills deposited. Such lanes to bn ran—dad.

C.19.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

How applied.

Until July St 1810, all such Issues applied to Repayment of previous j^dvances by

If Exchequer Bills have been made out under 57 G. 3 c.48. Bills deposited under this Act shall not make the whole exceed 6,009,00c!

If Exchequer Bills under 57	3-	c.	48.

amount to or exceed 6,00c,000L no Bills to be deposited under this Act.

Deficiency in Consolidated Fund at End of Quarter made good by Exchequer Bills under that Act.

applied for or towards the defraying or fupplyiug any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, towards which tne Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Alt shall have been made applicable by Parliament; and the Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Alt shall remain so deposited with the Tellers of the said Exchequer, as a Security for the Sums of Money so to be issued out of the laid growing Produce of the said Confoli-dated Fund, until such time as such Exchequer Bills shall be paid off or exchanged in manner hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enalted, That until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, any Sum or Sums of Money which may be issued under the Authority of this A&, shall be applied for or towards the Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may have been advanced by the said Governor and Company, at any time previous to the issuing of any such Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of any such Exchequer Bills chargeable upon any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, and to and for no other Purpofe whatsoever.

V.	Provided always, and be it enalted, That in case any Exchequer Bills shall have been made out and placed as Cafli in the Offices of any of the Tellers of the said Exchequer, under the Authority of an Alt made in the Fifty Seventh Year of. His present Majeny’s Reign, intituled An Ad to make further Provifion for the Adjufimtnt of the Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occqfional Deficiency which may arifc. m the fdd Fund in Great Britain or Ireland reffredively; and to direct the Application of Monies by the Commifitoners for the ReduSion of the National Debt; and shall at the Commencement of any Quarter ending as aforesaid remain undischarged, it shall not be lawful for the said CommiflionerB of the Treajfury to dirdt the Depofit of Exchequer Bills under the Authority of this Alt for any greater Sum or Sums than shall, together with the Exchequer Bills so before made out and issued, and so remaining undischarged, amount to the Sum of Six Millions in the Whole in any one such Quarter of a Year ending as aforesaid; and that in case the Exchequer Bills so before mack out and issued, and so remaining undischarged, shall amount to or shall exceed the Sum of Six Millions at the Commencement of any such Quarter, it shall not be lawful for the said Commiflioner8 of the Treasury, within the said Quarter, to direct the Depofit of any Exchequer Bills whatever under this Ad; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall at any time he issued under the Authority of this Ad, out of the growing Produce of the said Confolidated Fund, in any Quarter, on account of any Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Ad, until the whole of the Principal and Intereft on all Exchequer Bills (if any) which shall have been so before made out and placed in the said Exchequer under the said recited Ad of the Fifty Seventh Year, shall have been fully paid and discharged out of Such growing Produce; and that if at the Clofe of any Quarter it shall appear that the Amount of Money remaining in the said Receipt of Exchequer, applicable to the Consolidated Fund, is not Sufficient to defray the Charges on the said Fund payable for such Quarter, the whole of such Deficiency, whether arising in consequence of I flues made under the Authority of

6	this

A.D.1SI9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 19.

65

this Ad or from any other Cause, shall be made good by Exchequer Bills to be made out under the Authority of the said recited AS of the Fifty seventh Year.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Exchequer Bills shall be in the Courfe of Payment, which shall have been granted by Parliament towards the Aids or Supplies of the fame Year, as any Exchequer Bills which shall be depoiited with the Tellers of tne said Exchequer under the Diredions of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three of them, to direct that such Exchequer Bills so depoiited under the Authority o^this AS shall be paid off. and discharged out of any Monies applicable to that Purpole; and the Monies by which such Bills, so at any time deposited, shall be paid off and discharged, shall be carried to and may be applied as the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the Quarter in which such Exchequer Bills shall have been so paid off and discharged ; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-miffioners to direct, that in lieu of such Exchequer Bills so deported, and in Courfe of Payment, any other Exchequer Bills may be deposited which shall have been granted towards the Aids or Supples of the Year upon which the Exchequer Bills so first deposited shall have been charged; and the Exchequer Bills so first deposited shall be withdrawn from the said Teliers, and shall be considered as paid off, discharged and cancelled.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in all Accounts to be pre-feuted to Parliament, of Exchequer Bills issued under the Authority of Parliament, all such Exchequer Bills as shall be from time to time deposited with the Tellers of the said Exchequer, in pursuance and under the Authority of this Ad, shall be considered and dated as Exchequer Bills actually issued and not discharged.

VIII.	Provided always, and be itvenacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from time to time, in any Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, Tenth Day of 0Sober, or Fifth Day of January, in any Year (after all the Exchequer Bills made out under the said recited Ad of the Fifty seventh Year shall have been paid off and discharged, and after all such Sum or Sums of Money Hull have been issued under the Authority of this Ad as shall be equal to the Amount of Exchequer Bills deposited under this Ad), to deposit at the said Receipt of Exchequer, Exchequer Bills the Property of the said Governor and Comjftmy, and to take and withdraw from the said Exchequer, out of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall remain in the Receipt of tne said Exchequer in any such Quarter, above and beyond the Amount of all Exchequer Bills made out and deposited under the Authority of the said recited ASX or this Ad, any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Amount of the Exchequer Bills which shall be so depoiited by the said Governor aad Company, according to the Pradice heretofore used; and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to receive In&ereft on the said Exchequer Bills so deposited by them, in like manner as hath been heretofore usual in the Cafe of such Depofit by the (aid Governor and Company ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall continue in

59 Geo. III.	F	force

Exchequer Bills deposited under this Act to be paid off in course, or exchanged for new Bills.

Exchequer Bills deposited, considered as issued in Accounts to Parliament

After Payment of Exchequer Bills under 57 G. 3* c. 48. and Issues of Money under this Act Bank may deposit Exchequer

Bills as heretofore.

Continuance of Act.

69° GEO> III.

<w

4* maybe amended, &&

Treaswry may issue Exchequer Bills, in

scribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

Wien payable.

Recited Act extended to this Act.

Exchequer Bills on the-Credit of 59 Gvj. c.3. how to be issued.

C. 19, SO*

A.D. 1819.

force uqtil the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, and twenty, and no longer.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be paired m this Seiiion of Parliament.

[Bank may advance Money to Government upon Credit of Exchequer Bills ijfued under this A8* See c. 76. § 3. poJIJj

CAP. XX.

,?An A St to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Trea-fury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such .Aids or SuppKes as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	[31ft March 1819.]

*	TY 7 HE RE AS it may be necessary for the Public Service, that

*	VV Exchequer Bills should be iiTued on the Credit of such Aids

*	or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for 1 the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen :9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Hts Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-land, at any time or times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, for any Sum or Sums of Money, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Diredions, as are prescribed in ana by an Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of riis present Majesty, intituled An Ad for regulating theiffue and saying off of Exchequer Bills ; which said Exchequer Bills are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and discharged at any time, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, on Fourteen Days9 Notice being given by Public Advertifement in the London Gazette, and in Three or more of the London Newipapers, of the Day of Payment thereof.

II.	And ^ be it further yenacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, rorfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said recited Ad, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Ad, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury to issue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Duties or Taxes granted by an Ad of this Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Penfions^ Offices and Pcrfonal Eftates i% England* for

the

A.D.181&

49* GEO. III.

C. 20,91

67

the Service <f the Tear One thousand right hundred and nkteteenf in oaf other manner than they are authorised by the said Aft, or to ifTue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Aids or Supplies which maybe ranted in the next Seffion of Parliament.

iV. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Aft shall bear Date on the Days on which the dame shall be respectively issued, and shall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the rate of Threepence Halfpennyp«r Centum fer Diem, upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies re-fpeftivtly contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer*

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bifls to be made forth by virtue of this A 61, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelied, shall and may, at any time after the Expiration of Four Months from the Date of any such Bills respectively, be received and taken, and shall pah and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colleftors in Great Britain of the Cuftoms, Excite, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the Odd Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Perfon or Periods, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments there to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, for or upon any Account, Canfe or Occafion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true meaning of this Aft; and that such of the fame Bills as (nail be received at the Exchequer shall and may be locked up and Secured si Caih, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer fettled and established by Law for locking up and Securing Monies received in Speck there.

VI.	And I* it declared and further enacted, That it shall and nay be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-leei to advance or lend to His Majesty in like manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Credit of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any thing in an Aft made in the Fifth and Sixth Yeas of the Reign of King WiUiam and Queen Mary, intituled An Ad for granting to their Majefoies several Rates and Duties upon Ton* «gr of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Mk and other Liquors ; and for peering certain Recompenses and Advantages in thefaid A3 mentioned ts foeh Perfont as JbdU voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hudrul thousand Pounds towards carrying on the If eat against France, or in any subsequent Aft, to the contrary thereof in anywide notwith-

Excheqner Bills to bear sn Interest not exceeding 3jd. Cent, per

Diet

Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of tho Revenue.

Bank authorised to advance 3,oco,ocol* on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 4*5 A 6 GtiL s Marias, Ac.

CAP. XXL

An Aft to amend several A£U for purchasing an Eftate for the Duke of Wellington*	[31ft	March	1819.3

4 XkTHEMES' an Aft palTed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 G. 3. c.4. • W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting 1 s Sm sf Money for purchasing an IZjlaU for the Marquis of Web

F 2	‘	lington

68

a «i.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819*

*	lington and bis Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and Jignal Ser-1 vices performed by the fend Marquis of Wellington to His Majejly

53	G. 3. c. 133. « and the Public: And Whereas another AA was passed in the Fifty

4 third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad 1 4 to amend an Ad of the present Se/fion of Parliament for granting a \ 4 Sum of Money for purcbetfing an EJlate for the Marquis of Wd-

*	lington and bis Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and Jignal Ser-

*	vices performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Mayfly

54	G. 3. c. 161. 4 and the Public: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Fifty

*	fourth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad 4 for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington 4 and his Heirs, and for empowering the Lord High Treafnrer% or 4 Lords Commijfioners of the Treasury, to advance out of the Confolidated 4 Fund of Great Britain a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to 4 pur chafe an EJlate in order to accompany the said Title, in consideration 4 of the eminent and Jignal Services performed by the said Duke of Wei-

•	* lington to His Majesty and to the Public, and for making further

4 Provtfion for the Difpofal of a Sum of Money granted by an Ad of 4 the lafl Sejfion of Parliament for purchafmg an EJlate for the fend

55	G. 3. c. 186. * Duke then Marquis of Wellington : And Whereas another AA was

*	paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 intituled An Ad for granting an additional Sum of Money for provide 4 ing a suitable Refidence and EJlate for the Duke of Wellington and 4 his Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and Jignal Services performed 4 by the find Duke to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas it 4 is enaAed by the said recited A As that the Tru flees of the faid

*	AAs for the time being shall apply the Refidue of the Surplus of 4 the Monies which fhafl from time to time arise and be produced 4 from the Sale of Timber to be cut down and felled under the Di-4 reAions of the said A As, after setting apart and appropriating fa 4 much thereof as is therein direAed to be fet apart and appro-4 priated for the Purpofes therein mentioned, in the Improvement 4 and Melioration of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredita-4 ments to be purchased and fettled under the said AAs, or any or 4 either of them, in the manner and according to the Regulations and 4 under the ReflriAions therein specified : And Whereas it is expc-4 dient that the said Trullees should be empowered to lay out such 4 Refidue, or any Part thereof, from time to time in the Purchafe 4 of other and additional Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredita-4 ments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Manors, Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Provifions of 4 the said AAs are direAed to be fettledBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of-the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Trustees may	fame, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said recited

•PP1* *® Resl-	AAs for the time being to apply any such residuary Monies as

arising	a^ore^a^> or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of any other and addi-

the&Se of	tional Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be fettled

Timber in the	in such and the like manner, to such and the fame Ufes, and under

Purchase of	and fubjeA to such and the fame Limitations, Powers, Authorities,

Lends, &c.	Regulations, ReftriAions and Provisions, as are in the said AAs con-

tained, in relation to the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased and fettled under the said A&s, as

fully

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. in.

C.21,22.	69

folly and effeftuaHy to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were federally repeated and re-enafted in this Aft ; any thing in the said redted Afts contained as to the Application of such refyluary Monies to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Aft for the further Regulation of His Majefty’s Household, and the Care of His Royal Perfon during the Continuance of His Indifpofuion.	[6th April 1819.]

*	TT^HEREAS an Aft passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign 51 G. 3. c. 1.

‘ W of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to provide for the

4 Admintftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hit Ma-4 J'ftj'* R°y°l Perfon, during the Continuance of His MajeJly9 s Illnefs ;

4 and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His 4 Majesty: And Whereas another Aft palled in the Fifty second 5a G. 3. c.8.

‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for 4 the Regulation of His MajeJly9 s Houfehold, and enabling Her MajeJly 4 the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her MajeJly may be 4 exfcfcd during His MajeJly9s Indifpofition ; and for the Care of His 4 Majtftfs Real and Perfonal Property ; and to amend an AS of the 4 loft Seffion of Parliament, to provide for the Adminiftration of the 4 Royal Authority during His MajeJly9s Illnefs : And Wiiereas an Aft 58 G. 3. c. 90.

4 passed in the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to alter 4 and amend certain of the Provi/ions of an AS faffed in the Fifty first 4 Tear of H'u MajeJly9s Reign, intituled 4 An AS to provide for the 4 Adminiftration of the Royaf Authority, and for the Care of His Ma-

* jeftfs Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His MajeJly9s Illnefs;

4 and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His 4 Majefty? And Whereas the Death of Her late Mod Excellent

*	Majefty, the Orofort of His Majesty, will allow of some Reduction 4 in the Expence of the Eftabliihment provided for His Majesty,

4 without diminifiling the Attendance suitable and requisite to the 4 doe Care of His Majefty's Sacred Perfon, and the Maintenance

*	of His Royal Dignity ; and it is therefore expedient that the Pro-

4 visions of the said recited Afts should be amended :* Be it therefore V tnafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflsembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the find recited Aft, of the Fifty second 3* G. 3. c. 8. Year aforesaid, as enacts that, during the 'Continuance of His M'a- I *• reprafcd* lefty’s Indisposition, the Vice Chamberlain of His Majefty’s Houfe-Wd, Four of the Gentlemen, and Four of the Grooms of His Majefty’s Bedchamber, and the Mafter of the Robes, should be appointed or selected and chosen from the respective Departments of His Majefty’s Houfehold, for the Care and Attendance upon His Maefty’s Sacred Perfon, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that no Vacancies, which may hereafter happen or arise in any of the (aid Offices, shall be filled up by His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tori and Albany, in pursuance of the Powers vested in him

ithe Aft of the present Seffion of Parliament 5 and that from and No such Offi-r the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine-	0Tty

teen, none of the Perfons holding any of the said Offices, and no 'wEguemes, {Rater Number than Four of the Perfons holding the Offices of

F 3	Equerries

70

C.22.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

S% G. 3. e. 8. §5. repealed.

The Sum of

5o,oocl. applied in lieu of the said ioc,occL

** G.3. c. 82.

Such Payments fist from Tues,'&c.

An Account of the Application of the iaid Sum to be laid before Treasury, who may direct Application of Surplus,

IO»oooL annually to the Duke of York during Hit Majesty’s In-disposition.

Equerries to His Majesty, appointed to be in Attendance upon His Royal Perfon, shall have or receive any Salaries, Wages or Profits in respect of such Offices.

II.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited A & of the Fifty second Year aforesaid as ena&s that, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indisposition, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Civil Lift Revenues, for defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majesty, and of the Portion of His Majefty’s Houfehold attached to the Care of His Sacred Perfon, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indisposition, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Civil Lift Revenues in lieu and instead of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, in Four Quarterly Payments, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eignt hundred and nineteen ; and such Payments shall be made to the First Gentleman of His Majefty’s Bedchamber, commonly called The Groom of the Stole, appointed to attend His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, for the defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majesty, and such Portion of His Houfehold as shall be in Attendance upon His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, and shall be made in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, any thing in an A £t p aided in the Twenty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, or in any other Alt or A6U of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Payments shall be made out of any Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the purposes of His Majefty’s Civil Eftab-liftiment, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, Afteffinents, or other Charges, Fees or Dedui&ions whatsoever; and the Acquittances or Receipts of the said Groom of the Stole shall be a good and fuf-ficient Difcharge for the Payment thereof, and a Sufficient Authority to the Several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment thereof.

III.	And be it further ena£ted, That an Account of the Application of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, so directed to be issued to and appropriated by the Groom of the Stole in Attendance upon His Majefty’s Perfon, shall from time to time when the fame shall be required, and if not required oftener, once in each Year at the least, be laid before the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Commissioners of His Majefty’8 Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inr-land for the time being, who, or any Three or more of them, Shall dire£t the Application of any Surplus, if any shall remain, £6 as that the Surplus shall go and be applied to the Civil Lift Revenues for the purposes of His Majefty’s Civil Eftablifitment*

* IV. And Whereas it is proper that the Annual Sum of Ten * thousand Pounds, granted to Her late Moft Excellent Majesty, in 4 consequence of Her Majesty having the Care of the Perfon of His 4 Majesty, should be now granted to His Royal Highnefs the Duke 4 of Tori and Albany /’ Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid to His said Royal Highnefs, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indisposition, out of the Revenues or Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the Purpofes of His Majefty’s Civil Efttbliflunent, an Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of

Ten

A.D. 181ft,

59® GEO. III.

Ci 22.

71

Ten thousand Pounds, to commence from the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be paid in Quarterly Payments; the First Payment to be made on the Fifth £>ay of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the said Twelfth Day of February and the said Fifth Day of April, and that the fame shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of any Sums of Money in the Exchequer applicable to the Purpofes of His Majefty’s Civil EftabHfhment, next after the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, AfTeff-ments, or any Charges, Fees or other Deductions whatsoever; and the Acquittances or Receipts of His said Royal Highnefs shall be a good and Sufficient Difcharge for the Payment thereof, and a Sufficient Authority to the Several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of the Said Money.

* V. And Whereas it is expedient to enable His Majesty to make 4 Some Provifion for the Ladies of the Bedchamber and the Maids of 4 Honour, and for certain of the Officers and Attendants on Her late 4 Moft Excellent Majesty, and for certain other Perfons to whom 4 Her late Moft Excellent Majesty had granted certain Penfions and * AllowancesBe it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to grant such Penfions or Allowances to such Perfons as he may think fit, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighteen thousand two hundred and forty fix Pounds per Annum, and to charge the fame upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland / and which Penfions so to be granted shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and be paid and payable quarterly at the Receipt of the Exchequer at WeftmaAer^ out of the said Consolidated Fund, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Charges or other Deductions whatsoever.	■	/

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities veiled in Her late Moft Excellent Majesty by the said recited Ad of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, in relation to the Application of His Majefty’s Privy Purfe and Net Surplus Revenue of the Duchy of Lanca/ler, shall from and after the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indisposition, and until the Refumption of the personal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, be veiled as His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tork and Albany, who shall also have full Power and Authority to grant and sign Warrants for the ifiuing aad Payment out of the said Privy Purfe and Revenues aforesaid, of any Soma which may have become due for Medical Advice mb Attendance, or any incidental or other Charges or Payments, face the Death of Her late Moft Excellent Majesty, and to grant and sign all other Warrants, and to make all Orders which might have been granted, signed, issued or given by Her late Moft Excellent under the Provifions of the said recited Ad of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, in like manner in every Refped as if all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Claufes and Regulations in the said recked Ad contained, were Severally and Separately repeated and re-nafiri, as to His find Royal Highnefs, in* this Ad.

VTL And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tori and Albany, upon the Reduction

F 4	of

Free from Taxes, 4c.

His Majesty enabled to grant Pensions, out of Consolidated Fund, to Ladies of the Bed-chamber and other

late

upon Ha lf*sty.

Powers vetted In Her late

in

relation to the Application of His Majesty’s Privy Pune, or Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster, vested in the Duke of York*

Pensions pay- . able out of Privy Pune to

1

Mf

T2

C.22.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

of His Majefty’s Household at Windfor, to order and direct, and give Authority under His Royal Highnefs’s Hand, for the Payment of any such Penfions or Allowances, to be payable out of the Money issued to the Keeper of His Majedy’s Privy Purfe, to any Servants of His Majedy, whose Services may be dilcontinued upon such Reduction, and who may be deemed by His Royal Highnefs fit Objects of His Majefty’s Bounty, so as that such Penfions and Allowances shall not, in addition to the Sums which shall continue to be applied under the Authority of His Royal Highnefs in each Quarter under the Provi(ion8 of the said recited Aft of the Fifty second Year afore-faid and this Aft, exceed in the Whole, together with the present Amount of the Charges upon and allowed to be paid out of the said Privy Purfe under the said recited Aft of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, the aggregate Amount of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds, and Four thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, Quarterly, charged upon and allowed to be paid out of the said Privy Purfe, under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Fifty second Year aforesaid; provided, that no such new Penfion as aforesaid shall exceed in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum•

4 VIlI, And Whereas in consequence of the Death of Her late 4 Mod Excellent Majedy, the Annuity or Income of Fifty eight ‘ thousand Pounds per Annum, which was idued and paid to Her ‘ Majedy out of the Civil Lid Revenue, in pursuance of Grants 4 from His Majedy, will be no longer payable; and in consequence 4 of the Reduftion of the Sum heretofore issued to the Fird Gentle*

4 man of the Bedchamber or Groom of the Stole, for defraying the

*	Charges and Expences of His Majedy, and such Portion of His

*	Household as shall be in Attendance upon His Majedy’s Sacred

*	Perfon, a further Sum of Fifty thoufan^ Pounds heretofore ifiiicd 4 and payable out of the Civil Lid Revenue, will no longer be 4 charged thereon ;* Be it therefore enacted. That so much of an

44 G.3. c.8o. Aft of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majedy, § i. repealed, intituled An Ad for the better Support of His Majcfiy's Houfehdld, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing Arrears in tie Payments of the Civil Lift Revenues, as granted to His Majedy a further Revenue or Yearly Rent of Sixty thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from which Period the said Revenue or yearly Rent (hall' no 56 G. 3. c. 46. longer be payable; and that so much of an Aft palled in the Fifty 15. repealed. fixtn Year of the Reign of His present Majedy, intituled An AS for the better Regulation of the Civil Lift, as directed that there should be applied to the Civil Lid Revenue, out of the Surplus of Fees and Gratuities received at the Exchequer, the Sum of Forty eight thousand Pounds per Annum, by even and equal Quarterly Payments, shall also be and the fame is hereby repealed, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundrea and nineteen5 from which time all the Surplus of the said Fees and Gratuities shall go and be carried to the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

56 G. 3. c.46.	* IX. And Whereas by the said recited Aft of the Fifty hath

5 3,	4 Year of the Reign of His present Majedy, the Lords CommilfioDers

4 of His Majedy’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are

4 required.

authorised the Duke York.

Limitation of the Amount.

*	required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, to dire61 what

*	Sums should be respectively fet apart and appropriated in the

*	Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Quarterly Revenue of the ‘ Civil Lift, for the Purpofe of defraying the Charges of the refpe&ive

*	daffes thereof, but so as that the Sum to be appropriated to the

*	Sixth Clafs do not exceed One fourth Part of the estimated Amount

*	of that Class, as specified in the Schedule annexed to the said A61 ;

4 and so .that the Sum to be appropriated to the other ClafTea be

*	equal to One Fourth Part of the estimated Amount of such Class:

*	And Whereas the estimated Amount of the First Class, according 4 to the Schedule annexed to the said A 61, is Two hundred and

*	ninety eight thousand Pounds, but by reason of the Death of Her

*	late Moft Excellent Majesty, and of the Redu&ion of the Sum to

*	be iftiied to the Groom of the Stole of His Majesty, the future 4 Charge of the said Clafs will be reduced to One hundred and

*	ninety thousand Pounds per Annum;' Be it therefore further enacted, That the Sum hereafter to be appropriated in pursuance of the said A61 of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the First Clafs of the Civil Lift, shall be equal only to One Fourth Part of the Sum of One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, being the estimated Amount of the future Charge of the said Clafs.

• X. And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said A61

*	of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

*	provided that whenever the total Charge of the Civil Lift, from the

*	Fifth Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January 4 in the succeeding Year, shall amount to more than One million one ‘ hundred thousand Pounds, an Account, stating the Particulars of

*	fuch exceeding, and the Caufe thereof, should be submitted to 4 Parliament, should be amendedBe it therefore further enacted. That the said Account shall be submitted to Parliament in the manner directed by the said A61, whenever the total Charge upon the Civil Lift, from the Fifth Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the succeeding Year, shall exceed the Sum of Nine hundred and ninety two thousand Pounds.

CAP. XXIII.

An A tit to restrain, until the End of the present Seflion of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cafti under certain Notices given by them for that Purpofe.	[6th	April	1819.]

€ XY7HEREAS an A61 was made in the Thirty seventh Year

*	W of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS far am-4 firming and continuing* for a limited time, the RefirtSion contained in 4 the Minute of Council of the Twenty sixth Day of February One 4 thousand seven hundred and ninety seven on Payments of Cq/b by the 4 Bomb : And Whereas an A61 was also made in the Thirty seventh 4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign further to continue the said 4 A£l until One Month after the Commencement of the then next 4 Seffion of Parliament, under certain Regulations and Reftridlions: 4 And Whereas another A& was made in the Thirty eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and continue the faid

The Amount of the Sum to be hereafter appropriated.

56 G. 3. c. 46. §3.

The said Account to be laid before Parliament.

37

37 0.3. «.

38 G. 3. c. t.

59’ GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

37 G. 3. c« 45* § ir.

Recital, that Notice by Governor and Company of the Bank was given of Payment in Cash of certain Notes.

And that it is expedient to restrain the same.

first mentioned Aft until One Month after the Conclufion of the then present War : And Whereas it was provided in the fgid first recited Aft that it should and might be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of the said Aft, to ifTue Cafh out of any Cafh which should be at their Difpoi'al in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever, or oF any Part or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatever, upon, their giving Five Days' Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of Commons of their Intention to to do, ipecifying tho Defcription of such Debt or Demand, which Notice the Speaker of the House of Commons is thereby required to cause forthwith: to be inserted in the London Gazette: And Whereas the said Afts have. been continued by several subsequent Afts until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas, in pursuance of the laid Authority veiled in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Notice was. given on the Third Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, by the said Governor and Company to the Speaker of the Houle of Commons, that on and after the Fourteenth In Rant the Bank would pay in Ca(h all Fraftional Sums under Five Pounds, and that on and after the First Day of February next the Bank will pay Cafh for all Notes of One and Two Pounds Value that are dated prior to the First Day of July? One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, or exchange them for new Notes of the fame Value, at the Option of the Holders j. and One other Notice was in like manner given by the said Governor and Company, on the Seventeenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the-Second Day of May then next ensuing the Bank will pay Cafh for all Notes of One and Two Pounds Value that are dated prion to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred ana fix-teen, or exchange them for new Notes of the fame Value, at the Option of the Holders ; and One other Notice was in like manner given by the said Governor and Company, on the Eighteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the First Day of OSober then next ensuing the Bank will be ready to pay Calh for their Notes of every Defcription dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eignt hundred and seventeen ; and the said respective Notices have been published in the London Gazette in the manner provided by the fiud Aft: And Whereas a Continuance of the Partial Payments so advertised might materially obstruct the Meafures to be adopted for the final ana complete Removal, at such time or times and in such Mode as Parliament may deem most advisable, of the Reftriftions which have been of late Years imposed on the said Governor and

4 Company of the Bank of England in respect to Cafh Payments ;

*	and it is therefore expedient that the said Governor and Com-

*	pany of the Bank of England should be restrained for a limited 4 time from making any fifties of Cafh to which they became 4 liable under any or either of the said Notices, so far as relates to

*	any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, demandabfe under

*	the Authority of the said Notices and of the said recited Afts Bsxik not to Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by make any Fky- and with the Advice an$l Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern*

poral.

A.D.1818.

5* GEO* III.

C. 23,24.	75

para/, and Commons, in thb present Parliament assembled, and by the man* In Gold Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Aft, Com of this rod until the End of the present Seffion of Parliament, it /hall not be ,R®^m c.,thcf lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to make slims^dercl. any Payment in tLe Gold Coin of this Realm, either of Fractional or for Notes Sums under Fire Pounds, or for any of their Notes dated prior dated prior to to the First Day of January One thonfend eight hundred and (even* J» 1817. teen, any thing in the above recited Afta of Notices to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, Act may be amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be passed in this Seffion altered, Ac. of Parliament.	*****

[Tbit AS continued till ifi May 1823. r. 49. pofiS\

CAP. XXIV.

An Aft to re ft rain, until the End of the present Seffion of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.	[8th	April	1819.]

4 \T J HE REAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Inland in jry^ Act,

4 VV the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 37 G. 3.

* jefty, intituled An AS for confirming and continuing for a limited 4 time the ReJlriSiont contained in the Minute of Council of the Second 4 Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety fivenf on Pay*

4 meats in Cajb by the Bank, it was enacted, that it Ihould not be 4 lawful for the said Governor and Company to iffiie any Cafh in 4 Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according 4 to the Provifions in the said Aft contained, and that the said Aft 4 ihould be in force and should have Continuance, so far as the fame 4 restrained the Governor and Company of the said Etank from iflu-1 iog Cafh in Payments, until Three Months after the Reftriftion 4 imposed by an Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain on the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England from iftuing 4 Caih in Payments mould cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant ana 4 Privy Council of Ireland should by an Order of Council direct 4 that the said Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of Ireland should sooner cease ; and it was by the said recited 1 Aft provided, that nothing in the said Aft contained should extend 4 to remain the (aid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland 4 froat iftuing any Sum of Money less than Twenty Shillings in 4 Caih in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to 4 Twenty Shillings, or in Payment of so much of any larger Defat 4 or Demand as should be a fractional Part of Twenty Shillings over 4 and above the Refidue of such Debt or Demand: And Whereas 4 the hud recited Aft of the Thirty seventh Year has by fevers!

4 subsequent Afts been continued until the Expiration of Three 4 Calendar Months next after any Reftriftion impoled by soy Aft on 1 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from iftuing 4 Cafh in Payments should ceafr, unless the Lord Lieutenant or 4 other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of 4 AriW(hould by an Orderin Council diieft that the feid Reftriftion 4 on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland flrtotd

• fooner

59° GEO. IIL

AJM819,

Recital of Notices by Bank of Ireland of Payments in Cash.

Bank of Ireland not to make any Payment in Gold Coin either of Fractional Sums under 10a. or for Notes dated prior to Jan. i, >817.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

fooner cease : And Whereas, under and by the Authority of an Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland* a Notice was given by a Court of Diredors of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland on the Twentieth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the Third Day of February then next, the said Bank would pay in Ca(h all their Notes under the Value of Five Pounds which were dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of another Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, a Notice was also given by the said Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company on the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the Second Day of Augufl then next the said Bank would pay in Cafti all their Notes under the Value of Five Pounds which were dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of another Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, a Notice was also given by the said Court of Diredors of the said Governor and Cpmpany on the Twenty seventh Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the First Day of January then next the said • Bank would pay in Cafti all their Notes which were dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or wpuld exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders : And Whereas a Continuance of the partial Payments of which such Notices have been given might materially obstruct the Meafures to be adopted for the final and complete Removal, at such time or times and in such Modes as Parliament may deem most advisable, of the Reftridions which have been of late Years imposed on the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland in respect of Cafti Payments 5 and it is therefore expedient that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should be restrained for a limited time from making any IlTues of Cafh to which they became liable under any or either of the said Notices, so far as relates to any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, demandable under the Authority of the said Notices and of the said recited Ads Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the End of the present Seflion of Parliament, it shall not he lawful f6r the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to make any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, either of fradional Sums under Twenty Shillings, or for any of their Notes dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; any thing in the above recited Ads or Notices to the contrary notwithftanaing.

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may he altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this Seflion of Parliament.

\Tbu A3 continued till ifi June 1823. c. 99. poft>2

CAP.

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.25,26,27.

77

CAP. XXV.

An A ft to enable His Majesty to fix the Rate and direct the Difpofal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majefty’s Ships and Vefiels.

[8th April 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty ftiould be '■ W authorised to fix the Rate and direct the l)ifpofal and

*	Diftribution of Freight Money for the Conveyance of Specie and

*	Jewels on board His Majefty’s Ships and Vefiels Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft all Freight Money to be paid for the Conveyance in any of the Ships and Vefltls of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiors, of Gold, Silver and Jewels, or of any other Article which may be by special Order received on board the said Ships and Vefiels, and for which Freight shall be payable, shall be paid at such Rate, and distributed ana applied to such Purposes, and divided to and amongst such Perfons in such Proportions and after such Manner as His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefiors, shall from time to time think fit to order and direct, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be ifiued for that Purpose; and that no Freight Money or Reward shall hereafter be demanded, paid, received or retained, by, to or for the Ufe or on account of any Perfon or Perfons, for the Conveyance on board of any of the Ships or Vefiels of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefiors, of any Gold, Silver or Jewels, or any other Article, which may be by special Order received on board the laid Ship or Veflel, and for which Freight shall be payable, other than for the Purpofes and by the Perfon or rerfons, in the Proportion, at the Rates, and in the manner so to be paid and allowed by Proclamation or Proclamations; and that all bargains, Contracts, Covenants and Agreements, made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, for the Payment of any Freight Money for or in the name or on the account of Freight for the Conveyance of Gold, Silver or Jewels, or other Articles as aforesaid, on board of any of His Majefty’s Ships or Vefiels, at any other Rate, or for any other Purpose, or by or to any other Perfon or Perfons, or in any other Manner or Proportions than as aforesaid, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be utterly void.

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft for fixing the Rates of SubGftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. [8th April 1819.] \Thu Ad it the fame at 58 G. 3. c* 22. except at to Dates.]

CAP. XXVII.

An A ft to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Vefiels employed on Canal9, Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigations.	[19th	May	1819.]

WHEREAS Felonies are frequently committed on board Vefiels employed in carrying and conveying Goods, Wares ! and Merchandife u or upon Canals, Navigable Kivers and Inland

« Navigations,

All Freight to be paid for Conveyance oil board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, of Gold, Silver, or other valuable Articles, to be divided in the manner directed by Proclamation.

L

69° GEO. IIL

A.D. 18 id.

<5.27,28.

* >ng « fcfd<

Felonies on Narigadom may be pro-recused in any County through vfaieb the Navigation

Perrons ao tried and confided to be subject to like Pains and Penalties as if tried in the County where Fact com-

z8 H. 8. c. 15.

Navigations, in various Parts of the United Kingdom, as well by breaking open the Calks and Packages containing such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, as in various other Ways: And Whereas such Felonies frequently remain undetected until the Arrival of such Veffels at the Places of their Deftimtion ; and at consequence of fudh Canals and Navigations passing through several Counties form-the Boundaries of Counties. on each Side or Bank, it cat [dom be known within what County such Felonies may have

*	been actually committed, and Offenders frequently escape un-

*	punifhed from defect of Proof that the Felony with which they

*	are charged was actually committed within the County in which < such Offenders may be indiftedFor Remedy thereof be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in any lndi&ment for any Felony committed on board any Barge, Boat, Trow or other Veffel whatever, employed or used in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandise, or in which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandife shall be, in or upon any Canal, Navigable River or Inland Navigation, in any* Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be sufficient to allege that such Felony was committed within any County or City through any Part whereof such Boat, Barge, Trow or other Yeliel shall have palTed in the Courfe of the Voyage or Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and in Cafes wherein the Sides or Banks of any Navigable River, Canal or Inland Navigation, or the Centre thereof, shall constitute the Boundaiy of any Two Counties or Cities, it shall be sufficient to allege that such Felony was .committed in either of the said Counties or Cities through which, or any Part thereof, such Boat, Bargs, Trow or other Veflel shall have palled in the Courfe of the Voyage or Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and every such Felony shall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County or City within which the fame Felony shall be so alleged to have been committed; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall be convicted of, any such Felony so to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforesaid, shall be fub-jeft and liable to all such Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Perfon or Perfons convicted of such Felony would have been subject and liable to in case such Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in which the fame Felony was actually committed; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always, that npthiog herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect the Jurifili&ion of the High Court of Admiralty, or of any Commiffion for the Trial of Offences ;under an Aft palled in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pirates.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Aft to empower Magistrates to divide the Court of Quarter Sefiions.	[19th	May	1819.]

< TX 7 HEREAS the Courts of Quarter Seffion, by reason of the ‘ VV great Increafe of Bufinefs therein, have of late been occupied ‘ during many Days, to the great Delay of Suitors, to the Ineon-

* venience

AJ). isi 9.

59# GEO. III.

C. 28.

79

‘ faience of Witnefles and Jurors, and to the Increafe of the County

‘ Rates; and such Inconvenience is likely to continue unless fome

4 Remedy be provided for the fame: And Whereas it would tend

* materially to remedy this Inconvenience, if Two or more of the

4 Justices attending the Quarter Seflions should be enabled to fit and

1 proceed, when Occafion should so require, while other Juftices

4 should proceed in the Difpatch of the other Bufinefs of the fame

4 CourtBe it therefore declared and enacted by The King’s Mod

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

aflonhled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever and Courts of

as often as any Court of Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Quarter See*

Peace shall be assembled for the Difpatch of Bufinefs thereunto

belonging, the Justices then present may, on the First Day of their the peacemav

being so assembled, take iuto their Confideration the State of the appoint Tiro or

Bunnefs likely to be brought before them at such Quarter Seflion more Justices

or General Seflion ; and if it shall appear to them that such Bufinefs, (pne to be of

if heard and determined by the whole Court, is likely to occupy more Quorum)

than Three Days, including the Day of their being so assembled, it ^nipMt ^

shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to appoint Two or more from them.

Justices, One of whom shall be of the Quorum, to fit apart from

themfdves in some Place in or near the Court, there to hear and

determine such Bufinefs as shall be referred to them, whilst others of

the Justices are at the fame time proceeding in the Difpatch of the

other Bufinefs of the fame Court; qnd that the Proceedings so had

by and before such Two or more Justices so fitting apart shall be

as good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes as if

the fame were had before the Court assembled and fitting as ufual

in its ordinary Pace of fitting, and shall be inrolled and recorded

accordingly.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when Two Regulations nr more Justices shall have fat apart in manner before directed by ®*de for tbs this Aft, and Orders, Rules and Regulations shall have been made Appartooninart for tk Apportionment of Bufinefs, such Orders, Rules and Regu- ne^^t be lafiSns shall remain and continue in force as long as shall be thought mewed at expedient, without the Neceffity of renewing such Orders, Rules each succeeding and Regulations at each succeeding Seflion, to the intent that the Session.

feme may become public and better known to all professional and other Perfons engaged in or in any manner interested in the Bufinefs of such Quarter Seffion.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the

hit Deputy (wherever Two or more Justices shall fit apart at any Peace to ap-

Qsarter Seffion) shall be authorised and required to appoint a fit and

fuffident Perfon to record the Proceedings lo had before the Justices ^X)ceed»J

fitting apart; and such Proceedings shall be delivered over to the suri sepiu^

Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and shall be equally deemed to Court.

be a Part of the Records of such Seflion, as if the fame Proceedings

had been recorded by the Clerk of the Peace himself; and it shall be Quarter Sea-

lawfulfor the Justices assembled at the Quarter Seflion to make an “ons

Order upon the Treasurer of the County to pay to the Clerk of the

Peace Inch Sum or Sums of Money aa they shall deem a fit and nente Qeik rf

reafosable Remuneration to the Clerk of tfie Peace for such Purpofe tbs Few*.

mforefoid; and it shall be lawful for such Justices to appoint an

•dditfoual Cryer, aad to grant him such Remuneration for his Care

'	and

so

59° GEO. m.

Duties on Mineral Alkali, &c. to cease, and instead thereof, the Duties described in Table (A.) to be paid.

Importers not compelled to pay Duties of Goods warehoused under 43 <*.3. 0.13a.

Articles secured in Warehouse under 43 G. 3. c. 231. and taken out after 29th March 18x9, only to pay the said Duties.

C. 26, 29.

A.D. 1819.

and Pains as they shall deem reasonable, which shall in like manner be paid by the Treasurer of the County.

CAP. XXIX.

An A3 to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali* and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof.	[19th	May 1819.]

*	XT7 HE REAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms pay-

*	VV able on the Importation into that Part of the United King-4 dom called Great Britain on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles 4 containing Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most 4 valuable rart, and also on Barilla, Kelp and Natron, should be

*	repealed, and that other Duties of Cuftoms should be imposed in 4 lieu thereof on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral 4 Alkali, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called 4 Great Britain s* Be it therefore ena3ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upon Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, and also on Barilla, Kelp and Natron, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, do cease and determine, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the Twenty ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of March, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, a Duty of Cuftoms on Alkali, and on Articles containing Alkali, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, according to a Table annexed to this Act marked(A.): Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of any of the aforesaid Articles to pay the Duties upon the Importation and landing thereof, in case fucn Importers, Proprietors or Confignees (hail lodge and secure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Mereliant, under the Regulations required by an A3 passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Mmefty, intituled An A8 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, and no other, shall be charged and payable on any of the said Article®, which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of the aforesaid A3 of Parliament without Payment of Duty, (hau be taken out of any such Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame shall have been lodged or secured, for the purpose of being used or con-fumed in this Kingdom, after the said Twenty ninth Day of March, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the said Twenty ninth Day of March.

III. And

AJJ.1S19.

5ft* GEO. Ill

C .29.

81

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Cuftoms mated by this A & shall and may be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as the Duties on the said Articles hereby repealed were or nuvlit be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, colle6ted, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be fubie& and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Keftri&ions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as such Goods were subject and liable to by any A 61 or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Twenty ninth Day of March.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That all Monies ariiing from the Duties imposed by this A&, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjlminjler, and shall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties of Cuftoms imposed on die like Goods, under the Head of Permanent Duties, were directed to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further enacted. That this A& may be altered, amended or repealed, by any A& or A&s to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament.

TABLE (A.) to which this A& refers.

Duty.	Drawback.
£ /. d.	£ /. d.
0114	00  O
O 15 0	0 7 6
0 18 4	0  VO
I 3 4	0 11 8
1 10 0	0 15 0
0  0  00	

Alkali, videlicet,

—	Any Article containing Soda or

Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the mod valuable Part, (fuch Alkali not being otherwise particularly charged with Duty,) imported in a Briti(h Ship, if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali than Twenty per Centum, -	- the Cwt.

—	■ ■■ If containing more than Twenty

per Centum and not exceeding Twenty five per Centum of such Alkali, - the Cwt.

------If containing more than Twenty

five per Centum and not exceeding Thirty per Centum of such Alkali, - the Cwt.

------If containing more than Thirty

per Centum and not exceeding Forty per Centum of such Alkali, -	- the Cwt.

----— If containing more than Forty

per Centum of such Alkali, the Cwt. -

------- If imported in a Foreign Ship,

an additional Duty per Cwt. of

Duties how levied.

Application of the Money arising from Duties.

Act altcre 1, &c. this Session.

59Geo.HL

G

CAP.

C. SO, SI.

89* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819

i

CAP. XXX.

55	G. 3. c. 15a. §i-

56	G. 3. c. 14a.

§16.

57	G.3. c. 13a. § 15.

58	G.3. c. zox. §a3-

An Adi for veiling in Commiflioners the Line of Road from Shrcwjbury in the County of Salop) to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Truflees under several Adis of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth. Thirty sixth, Forty first, Forty second, Forty feventn, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty (a), from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Adis as afFedls the said Line of Road.

[19th May 1819.]

(a) 17 G. 3. c. 99.	28G.3-r.96*	36G.3.	r.147.	41G.3.

(U. K*) c. cxxii. 42 G. 3. c. li. 47 G. 3. fess. 2. r. xii. 50 G. 3. r. lii.

[Tolls between Shrewfbury and the Ten Mile Stone to cease, and new Tolls granted, § 29. Tolls between Ten Miles from Shrewfbury on the Road to Ofweitry and the Boundary of the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh to cease, and new Tolls granted, $ 36. Tolls between the said Boundary and Cerrig y Druidion to cease, and new Tolls granted, $ 40. Tolls between Cerrig y Druidion and Aber y Pwll to cease, and new Tolls granted, § 43. His Majesty and The Royal Family exempt from Toll, § 61. Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead given up by Commijfioners aQing under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to Commifjioners under this A3, r. 48. § 43. pojl, and Powers of 55 G. 3. c. 152. for obtaining Materials, &c. extended to Commifnoners under this A3, c. 48. 5 50. pq/l. Monies arising from Tolls after Payment therein men-Turned) to be applied by Commijfioners under this A3 as therein mentioned, c. 48. § 58. pofl. Commijfioners under this A3 to lay certain Accounts before Parliament, c. 48. § 61. pojl. ]

CAP. XXXI.

An Adi to enable certain Commiflioners fully to carry into eflefi several Conventions for liquidating Claims of Britifb Subjedls and others, against the Government of France.

[19th May 1819.]

By Fourth ad- * TT7HEREAS, by the Fourth additional Article of the Defini-ditional Article * VV tive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and His Moft of Treaty, « Christian Majesty, concluded at Paris on the Thirtieth Day of ifrT* Oaims * *^*7 One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was stipulated of British Sub- * that, Immediately after the Ratification of the said Treaty, the jects on France * Sequefters which, since the Year One thousand seven hundred and to be examined. « ninety two, had been laid on the Funds, Revenues, Credits or any c other Effedts whatsoever of the High Contra&ing Parties, or of < their Subjedls, should be taken off; and that Commiflioners, men-

*	tioned in the Second additional Article of the said Treaty, ftiould

*	undertake the Examination of the Claims of His Britannic Ma-

*	jefty’s Subjedls upon the French Government, for the Value of ‘ Property, moveable or immoveable* illegally confiscated by the

• French

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.3I.

83

4 French Authorities ; as also of the total or partial Lofs of the Debts

*	<Jue to them, or other Property illegally detained under Sequester,

*	fince the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety two : And By Ait- 9. of

*	Whereas by the Ninth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace Treaty, dated

*	between France and the Allied Powers, concluded at Paris on

4 the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred ^^co^Ued,

*	and fisteen, it is stipulated, that the High Contra&ing Parties ami Xwo Con-

*	having caused Representation to be made of the different Claims ventions en-4 arising out of the Non Execution of the Nineteenth and following tfered into.

c Articles of the Treaty of the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, as well as of the additional Articles 4 of that Treaty, signed between Great Britain and France, defiring

*	to render more efficacious the Stipulations made ^thereby ; ana

*	having determined, by Two separate Conventions, the Line to be 4 pursued on each Side for that rurpose, the said Two Conventions

*	annexed to the said Treaty should, in order to secure the com-4 plete Execution of the aforementioned Articles, have the fame

*	force and effect as if the fame were inserted Word for Word

€ therein : And Whereas by a Convention concluded in conformity to Guarantee 4 the said Ninth Article of the principal Treaty between HisMajefty Fund pro-

*	and His Moft Christian Majesty, relative to the Examination and ducing

*	Liquidation of the Claims of the Subje&s of His Majesty against 3»Jco,ooo Fr.

*	the Government of France, and signed at Paris on the fame Day, ^ canmiZ 4 it was stipulated, * That a Capital producing an Intereft of Three sionera.

*	millions five hundred thousand Francs, commencing from the Twenty

*	fecond Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

4 (honld be mferibed as a Fund of Guarantee in the Great Book

*	of the Public Debt of France, in the Names of Two or Four 4 Commissioners, the One Half Englijh and the other Half French,

*	chofen by their respective Governments ;* and by the Twelfth

*	Article 01 the said Convention, certain Periods were appointed for

*	bringing forward their refpc&ive Claims by His Majesty *s Subje&s,

1 after the Expiration of which Period they were no longer to have 4 the benefit of the Liquidation provided by the said Convention :

4 And Whereas by an additional Article annexed to the said Con- Bourdeaux > vention, it was stipulated, that the Commifllon instituted by the said Chums.

1 Convention should proceed to the Liquidation of the Claims of the

*	Sabie&B of His Britannic Majesty, founded on a Decifion of His 4 Molt Christian Majesty, relative to the British Merchandife intro-1 dneed into Bourdeaux, in conformity to the Tariff of Cuftoms pub-4 lifted in the above mentioned City by His Royal Highnefs the

*	Duke D’Angoulrme, on the Twenty fourth Day of March One

4 thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas by another Convention of 1 Convention concluded at Paris on the said Twentieth Day of No- octh Nov.

4 vernier (Jne thousand eight hundred and fifteen fin conformity to as to ‘ the Ninth Article of tne said principal Treaty), relative to the ‘ Examination and Liquidation of the Claims upon the French	of

4 Government by Subje&s of the Allied Sovereign Powers of Great the Allied So-4 Britain, Autria, RuJJia and PruJJia, it was agreed, that His Moft yereigns. N 4 Christian Majesty should cause to be liquidated, in the manner there-1 inafter fpecined, all Sums which France should be found to owe in 4 Countries out of her Territory ; and by the Fifth Article of the last 4 mentioned Convention it was agreed, that a Commiffion of Liquida-4 tion should be appointed for the Examination of such Claims $ and

G 2	*	by

84

C. 31.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Commission of 2 th Dec. 1815, for carrying into Execution the First Convention.

Proceedings of Commissioners.

Commission of ijth Dec. 1816, for executing Second Convention.

by the Twentieth Article of the said last mentioned Convention it was stipulated, that on the First Day of January then next following, there should be inscribed as a Guarantee Fund in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, a Capital producing Three millions five hundred thousand Francs yearly Revenue, with Poffef-fion, from the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in the Name of Two, Four or Six Commiflioners, One Half the Subje&s of His Mod Christian Majesty, and the other Half of the Allied Sovereign Powers ; which said Com- j milIioner8 were to be chosen and appointed, namely, One, Two j or Three by the French Government, and One, Two or Three by the Allied Powers ; and by the Sixteenth Article of the said Convention a certain Period was appointed for the Presentation of the Claims of the Subje&s of the Allied Powers, after the Expiration of which Period they were to forfeit all Right to Claim and Recovery : And Whereas His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf or His Majesty, was pleased by a Commiflion under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing date the Twenty seventh Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, to appoint Cojin Alexander Mackenzie Esquire, George Lewis Newnbam Esquire, George Hammond Esquire, David Richard Morier Esquire, and James Drummond Esquire, to be His Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Dcposit, for the purpose of carrying into Efsett, on the Part of His Majesty, the Provifions contained in the said first mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and the additional Article thereunto annexed : And Whereas the said Commif-fioners have caused to be inscribed in a Regifter, the Names of all the Claimants who presented themselves within the Period pre-fcribed by the said Convention, and have liquidated and caused to be paid out of the said Fund of Guarantee, producing Three millions five hundred thousand Francs yearly Revenue, certain Sums, producing in the whole Two millions nine hundred and forty five thousand eight hundred and ninety five Francs of yearly Revenue, to various rerfons so inscribed in the said Regifter, deducting therefrom the Sum of Two per Cent, on the Amount of all the Claims so liquidated, for the purpose of reimbursing to His Ma-jefty’s Government the Expences of the said Commiftion ; so that a Sum producing Five hundred and fifty four thousand one hundred and five Francs yearly Revenue, still remains of the said original Fund of Guarantee : And Whereas the said Commiflioners did also liquidate divers Claims of the British Merchants trading to Bour-deaux : And Whereas by another Commiflion under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, was pleased to * nominate and appoint George Hammond Elquire, George Lewis Nvwnham Esquire, Colin Alexander Mackenzie Esquire, David Richard Morier Esquire, and James Drummond Esquire, to be His Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Deposit, for the purpose of carrying into Effc&, on the Part of His Majesty, the Provifions of the laid Convention secondly mentioned, relative to

* the

59° GEO. 111.

C. 31.

85

A.D.1S19.

!

I

4 the Claims upon the French Government by the Subjects of the 4 several Allied Sovereign Powers : And Whereas the said Commif-4 fioners, under the said last mentioned Commifiion, ha . o caused to / be inferibed in a Regifter, the Names of all the Claimant o who 4 presented themselves within the Period prescribed by the Couven-

*	tion: And Whereas a Convention between His Majesty and His

*	Moft Christian Majesty, was signed at Paris, on the Twenty fifth 4 Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, for the 4 final Arrangement of the Claims of His Majefty’s Subjects upon

*	the Government of France; by the First Article of which faid

*	laft mentioned Convention it was agreed, that in order to effect 4 the Pivment and entire Extinction, as well of the Capital as of the

*	Interelt thereon due to the Subje&s of His Britannic Majesty,

4 and of which the Payment had been claimed in virtue of the ad-4 ditionai Article to the Treaty of the Thirtieth Day of May One

*	thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and also in virtue of the 4 hereinbefore first mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of 4 November One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, there should 4 he inferibed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, a 4 perpetual Annuity of Three Millions of Francs, representing a 4 Capital of Sixty millions of Francs, and which Three millions 4 should bear lntereft from the Twenty second of March One 4 thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; and by the Second Article 1 of the said last mentioned Convention it was stipulated, that such 4 Part of the Annuity as was then disposable out of the Fund created 1 in virtue of the Ninth Article of the hereinbefore first mentioned 4 Convention oF the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight 4 hundred and fisteen, together with all the lntereft accumulated 4 thereon since the Twenty second Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred and sixteen, should be equally applicable to the 4 Payment of the said Claims, and in consequence that the Infcrip-4 tions of the above mentioned Annuity should be delivered over to 4 the Commissioners of His Britannic Majesty, immediately after the 4 Exchange of the Ratification of the said Convention of the 4 Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen ; and by the Third Article of the said Convention of the 4 Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, 4 it was stipulated, that the Annuity of Three millions of Francs, 4 which should be created in conformity to the above recited First 4‘Article of the said Convention, should be divided into Twelve 4 Infcriptions of equal Value, all of which should bear lntereft from 4 the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, and should be inferibed in the Name of the Commif-4 fioners of His Britannic Majesty, or of those whom they shall 4 appoint, and should be made over to them at the Rate of One of 4 each of such Infcriptions in each successive Month, to begin from 4 the Day of the Exchange of Ratification of the said Convention : 4 And Whereas a certain other Convention was concluded on the

4 said Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, between His Britannic Majesty and His Moft Christian 4 Majesty, to which Convention the Emperors of Aujlria and of 4 Rujfia, and King of Pruffta, are all assenting Parties ; and by 4 the First Article of the said last mentioned Convention, for the 4 purpose of effecting the total Difcharge of Debts contracted by

G 3	4	France



Proceedings of Commissioners.

Convention of 25th April t% l8, between. His Majesty and the Xing of France, for final Adjust* meat of Claims of British Subjects.

Convention of 25th April 1 of 8, as to Debts of France in Foreign Countries.

C. 31.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.I8I9*

86

Additional Articles of 4th July 1818, by which the Bourdeaux Claims were fixed at 4jo>'-oo Fr.

which has been paid to British Commissioners.

Commission of ljth June 1818, appointing Commissioners of Liquidation, &c. Under all the said Conventions.

4 France in Countries which do not form a Part of her prefect 4 Territory, with any Individuals, Corporations or Eftablimments 4 whatever, Payment of which Debts is claimed in virtue of the 4 Treaties of the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred 4 and fourteen, and of the Twentieth Day of November One thousand 4 eight hundred and fisteen, the French Government engages to 4 cause to be inferibed upon the Great Book of its Public Debt,

4 with Intereft from the Twenty second Dayof March One thousand 4 eight hundred and eighteen, a Rente of Twelve millions and forty 4 thousand Francs, representing a Capital of Two hundred and forty 4 millions eight hundred thousand Francs; and by the Seventh 4 Article of the said last mentioned Convention of the Twenty fifth 4 Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, it is agreed,

4 that the Rente, which shall be created in virtue of the First Article 4 thereof, shall be distributed amongst certain Powers thereinafter 4 named as is therein provided; and the Amount of such Rente assigned 4 by the said Article to the Ionian IJlands, the Isle of France and 4 other Countries under the Dominion of His Britannic Majesty,

4 is One hundred and fifty thousand Francs: And Whereas certain 4 additional Articles to the hereinbefore mentioned Convention, be-4 tween His Majesty and HisMoft Christian Majesty, of the Twenty 4 fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, were 4 signed at Paris on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight 4 hundred and eighteen ; and by the First of the said additional Arti-4 cles, the total Amount of the Payments to be made by France for 4 tfie Difcharge and entire Extinction of the Sums due to His Uri-4 tannic Majesty, resulting from the Decifion of His Moft Christian 4 Majesty relative to the British Merchandise introduced into Bour-4 dcaux> m consequence of the Tariff of Cuftoms published the Four-4 teenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

4 was fixed at the Sum of Four hundred and fifty thousand Francs;

4 and by the Second of the said additional Articles it was agreed,

4 that the said Sum of Four hundred and fifty thousand Francs mould 4 be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed for the 4 purpose by His Britannic Majesty, by certain Portions, so that the 4 whole should be paid by the First Day of January One thousand 4 eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas the whole of the said 4 Sum of Four hundred and fifty thousand Francs has accordingly 4 been paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by the 4 hereinbefore recited Commission, dated the Twenty (eventh Dayof 4 jDecember One thousand eight hundred and fifteen : And Whereas 4 His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and 4 on the behalf of His Majesty, was pleased by His Commiffion under 4 the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 dated the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, to nominate and appoint Colin Alexander Mackenzie Esquire, 4 George Lewis Newnham Esquire, and George Hammond Esquire, to 4 be His Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, for 4 the purpose of acting on behalf of His Majesty in England, according 4 to the Frovifions of all the said hereinbefore recited several Conven-• tions, and to take into Confideration all the Claims of His Majefty’s 4 Subje&s, and of the Inhabitants of the Ionian IJlandst which may 4 have been at due times and in proper Form presented to them ; and 4 to award the Payment of such Sums a? may appear to be justly due

• to

AJX1SJ&

69° GEO. Ill

asi.

87

*	to His Majefty’s said Subje&s, and to the Inhabitants of the Ionian

*	I)lands .• And Whereas His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, Commission

*	adiog in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, was pleased, of same Dete,

*	by His Commiffion under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom appointing

*	of Great Britain and Ireland, dated the said Fifteenth Day of June

*	One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to nominate and appoint 4 David Richard Morier Esquire, and James Drummond Esquire, to ‘ be His Commissioners of Deposit, to receive from the Government 1 of His Moft Christian Majesty at Paris the Infcriptions to be de-

*	livered over to Briitfh Commissioners in and by the (aid several Con-4 ventions hereinbefore mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 provide for the Execution of the Powers veiled in the said several 4 Commissioners Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, in order to COmmisdoners enable the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, of Liquidation to complete the Examination and Liquidation of the Claims of such empowered to Perfons who shall have caused their Names and Claims to be duly ^stribu^e ***• inserted in the hereinbefore mentioned Regifters, it shall and may be ^r^b^the lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and several Con-empowered, according to the Mode and Form which has hitherto ventions. been observed, and subject to such and the like Dedu&ions of Two

per Cent• as have heretofore been made in the Liquidations already efie&ed, in manner aforesaid, to apportion, divide and distribute the find several Sums of Money stipulated by the said several Conventions to be provided by France, and to order the fame to be paid to and among the several Claimants whose Names are duly entered in the said Regifters; and where such Claimants shall have been or shall be adjudged to be entitled to Payment in the whole or in part of their Demands, to pay the Sum adjudged to be due to them in full, if the Sums received and stili to be received for that Purpofe from the French Government shall be found sufficient for the Payment in full of all the Claims which shall be adjudged to be within the true Intent and Meaning of the said several Conventions, or any of them, or in part Payment thereof, in rateable Proportions, if tne said Sums shall be inefficient for the Payment of such Claims in full $ and that such Payment in full or in part, and any Reje&ion of any such Claims as shall by the said Commissioners, or on Appeal to His Majesty in Council in manner hereinafter mentioned, be adjudged not t% be within the true Meaning and Intent of the said Conventions or any of them, shall be respectively final and conelusive, and shall be held to be a full and entire Difcharge of the French Government, and of His Majefty*»

Government, from any Demands in respect of any Claims falling within the Object and true Intent, Effe£k and Meaning of the said Conventions or any of them, and which have been inserted in the said Regifters during any Period allotted for that Purpofe by the several Conventions.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Li- Commissioner* quidation, Arbitration and Award, before they shall enter upon the to be sworn. Execution of this A&, shall take an Oath before the Mafter of the Roll* for the time being, or One of His Majefty’s Justices of thq Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exch quer for the time being, aad alio the said Commissioners of Deposit, during ,

G 4»	their

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Oath.

Commissioners of Liquidation to examine all Parties on Oath;

who are to attend.

False Evidence.

Perjury.

Power of the said Commissioners of Liquidation to meet and adjourn, and to summon Parties, &c.

His Majesty to fill up Vacancies in the Commissions, &c.

C.31.

their Refidence in France, before His Majefty’s Ambaffador at the Court of France, which they or either of them are hereby reflectively authorised and required to administer, in the Form following y that is to fay,

*	T A. B. One of the Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration

*	and Award £or Deposit, as the case may be~], appointed to carry

*	into effect the Provifions of several Conventions concluded between

*	His Majesty and His Moft Christian Majesty The King of France% € do swear, that according to the bell of my Judgment and Know-

*	ledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the feveral

*	Powers and Trufts vetted in me by an Act of the Fifty ninth Year

*	of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An A3 [here infer*

*	the Title of this Ad,*] according to the Tenor and Purport of the

‘ said Ad, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said ‘ several Conventions.	So	help	me GOD.*’

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, and they are hereby empowered and required, to examine* upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorised to adminifter), all Perfons, whether Parties or Witneffes, whom the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, ftiall think fit to examine touching all such Matters and Things as shall appear to them to be necefTary for the Execution of the Powers vetted in the said Commissioners by their Commiffion and this Ad ; and all such Perfons are hereby directed and required punduatly to attend the said Commissioners, at such time and place as they, or any Two of them, shall appoint.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Perfon or Perfons upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them respectively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Perfon so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be fubied and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful foe the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, and they, or any Two of them, are hereby authorised, to meet and fit from time to tgpie at such Place as they, or any Two of them, shall think proper, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, for any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings or Records, as they shall judge necefTary for their Information, in the Execution of the Powers vetted in the said Commissioners by their said Commissions, or by this Ad.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Refignation, or otherwise, of any One or more of the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or of the said Commissioners of Deposit, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Perfon or Perfons as His Majesty may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies ; and that every Perfon so nominated and appointed to be a Commiffioner of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, shall take the

Oath

AJ). 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 31.

89

Oath hereinbefore dirested; and every Perfon so appointed under this Aft to be any Commiifioner upon any such Vacancy, shall he held and considered to be, and shall be in veiled with all such Powers as Commissioners of the like Nature have and poiTefs under the Authority of the said hereinbefore recited Commiffions and this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, shall at any time after the palling of this Aft adjudge or approve of the Claim of any Perfon or Perlons under the said Conventions, or either of them, to be good and valid, in the Whole or in Part, and shall have ascertained the Sum of Money to which any such Perfon or Perfons is or are then respectively entitled, the said Commifiioners, or any Two of them, shall make out or cause to be made out, in such Form as they shall think fit, an Order or Orders for the Payment or Liquidation of such Claim, either in Whole or in Part, either by authorising the said Commifiioners of Depolit to transfer to such Claimant or Claimants such Part of the Sum or Sums remaining inscribed in the Great Book of thePublic Debt of France, in the Names of the said Commifiioners of Deposit, as shall be fpe-cified in such Order or Orders, or by authonling the Claimant or Claimants to receive any Sum or Sufns of Money, as the case may require; and the said Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, shall annex their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, to such Order or Orders, and shall cause the fame.to be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons respectively entitled thereto, or to the Agent or.Agents of such Perfon or Perfons; and such Perfon or Perfons, or their respective Agent or Agents, shall give to the said Commifiioners such Receipts or Acquittances for the lame, as the said Commifiioners, or any Two of them, shall from time to time direct or require.

VIII.	And*be it further enacted, That any Order or Orders of •the (aid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, shall at any time be sufficient Authority for the Transfer or Payment of any Sum or Sums mentioned in such Order or Orders, to the Parties declared to be entitled to the fame by such Order or Orders ; subject nevertheless to such Appeal to His Majesty in Council as is hereinafter mentioned and provided for.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every Order made by the said Conuniflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, under this Aft, shall be transferable by the Indorfement thereon and Signature of the Perfon or Perfons to frhom the fame shall be made and given by the said Commifiioners, or of any Perfon or Perfons holding the fame under any such Indorfement thereof as aforesaid, attested by Two credible Witnefles to such Indorfement respectively ; and no such Order or Indorfeemnt thereon shall be subject to any Stamp Duty.

‘ X. And Whereas Queftions may arise on the Conilruftion of the 1 said several Conventions, or otherwise, for which it may be expedient 1 to provide that there shall, in fpedal Cases, be a Liberty of Appeal 1 allowed from any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of 1 the (aid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to V His Majesty in Couneil, subject to the Conditions and Reftriftions * hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enacted, That if any Claimant or Claimants fiuil be dissatisfied with any Award, Judgment, Deter

mination

Commissioners of Liquidation to make Order on Commissioners of Deposit for Payment of Claims.

Orders to be under Hands and Seals of Two Commissioners at least.

Orders of Commissioners-to be a sufficient Authority.

Orders of Commissioners of Liquidation made transferable by Indorsement and Signature.

Appeal from Award of Commissioners to His Majesty in Council



90

C. SI.

59° GEO. IlL

A. D. 1819.

Appellant to give Security.

Judgment upon Appeal final.

Costs.

Costs of defending such Appeal to be provided for by Treasury.

Commissioners not liable to Costs, &c.

No new Evidence admitted.

Orders may be made for regulating App«l*

Power of Com-

pended on such Claims during Appeal.

mination or Order of the said Commiffionera on his, her or their Claims, on any Point or Points which, according to the Regulations in this Aft contained, shall be deemed a fit Subjeft of such Appeal, it shall be lawful for such Claimant or Claimants, or for his, her or their Agent or Agents duly appointed respectively, within Three Calendar Months from the Day on which such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order shall be made and notified to him, her or them, to appeal therefrom to His Majesty in Couneil, upon giving Security by Bond to His Majesty in One hundred Pounds, to pro-fecute the laid Appeal, and to answer such Coft9 as shall be awarded against such Appellant or Appellants therein ; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to hear and finally determine such Appeal, and to rcfcind, alter or confirm such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the said Commifiioners, in the Whole or in Part, and to certify the Judgment or final Decifion on such Appeal to the said Commifiioners, and further to award such Cofts as His Majesty in Council shall deem fit and proper to be paid by such Appellant or Appellants respectively, which Cofts shall be applied towards defraying the Expences incurred in defending such Appeal or Appeals, as hereinafter directed.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to authorise and empower any Perfon or Perfons to defend such Appeal on the part of the said Commifiioners of Lquiidatkm, Arbitration and Award; and that the Expences of defending the fame shall be borne and paid in the fame manner, and out of the lame Fund, as the Law Expences of the Crown are paid; and that the said Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, shall not be put to or be held liable to any Cofts or Expences relative to any such Appeal.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That no new or additional Evidence shall be produced or received on any such Appeal, but the (aid Appeal shall be heard and finally determined upon the Evidence produced, taken or proceeded upon in the case before the Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration1 or Award, and none other.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to make such Orders as His Majesty shall think fit, respecting the Nature and Defcription of such fpeoal Cafes in which it shall be deemed proper that such Liberty of Appeal as afore-faid shall he allowed, and further from time to time to make such Rules and Regulations respecting the Form and Manner of proceeding on such Appeals, as shall be deemed necefiary or expedient.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Powers by this Aft given to the said Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or to the said Commifiioners of Deposit, or any other Perfon or Perfons, for carrying into effect any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the said Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, shall from the time, when Notice of Appeal on any such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order shall be duly

Sven to them, be fulpended on such Claim or Claims in which any ch Appeal or Appeals shall be interposed, until the Judgment or Decifion of His Majesty in Council shall be had thereon and certified to the said CoiqiniiUoners, end that such Judgment or Decifion of

His

A. D. 1819.

39* GEO. III.

C. 31.

91

His Majesty in Council shall be finally binding and conclusive on the said Commissioners respectively, and on all PerTons ; and that the said Commissioners Commissioners respectively, and all other Perfons, shall, so soon as the execute said Judgment or Decifion of His h^ajefty in Council shall be certified	***

to them, on any such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order so V appealed from, proceed therein, and do and execute all such A61b,

Matters and Things as shall be necessary to be done and executed for carrying the said Judgment or Decifion of His Majesty in Council into efifeA, and in the fame manner as the said Commissioners refpec-tively oar other Perfons are empowered to a& for carrying into effect any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order made by the said Cammiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under the Provifions of this Ad.

XV. And be it further enacted, T	^

Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration ana /iwara inau not De misaoners of* able to decide as to the Perfon or Perfbns legally entitled to receive Deposit to sell the Amount, or any Part of the Amount, of any Claims adjudged French Inscrip-or approved by them, or the Competency of any such Perfon or Per- tion> an<* trans-fons to give a valid and efit&ual Receipt and Difcharge for the fame,	^

then and in every such Cafe as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for misJonere°of" the said Commissioners of Deposit, under the Authority of His Ma- Liquidation, jetty’s Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and of the who may order Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of 8an“e.t0 be Great Britain and Ireland^ or any Three of them, to fell and dispose cf any such Part of any Capital inferibed in the said Great Book of Accountant* the Public Debt of France, in pursuance and for the purposes of the General of tha several Conventions hereinbefore recited, not appropriated to any Court of other Claimants, as will be equal to the Amount of any such disputed Chancerjr in Claims, and to transfer the Proceeds of such Sale to England, to E^Jund. °* the (aid Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, for 8 the purpose of being applied to the Satisfadfcion of any such disputed Claims; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration ana Award, under the Authority aforesaid, to order any Part pf any of the Proceeds of any Part of the said Capital which may have been previoufiy invested in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities, under the Provifions in this A& contained, as may be equal to the Amount of any such disputed Claims, to bf fold; and in either Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to diredfc that the Sum or Sums of Money arising from any such Sale shall be paid into the Bank of England> in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties claiming- to be entitled thereto, subject to the Order, Controul and Difpofition of the said Court of Chaneery, which iaid Court of Chaneery, on the Application by Motion or Peti-tion of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of may make Money, or any Part thereof, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a Order therein luminary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall uP°n Motion, seem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invested in the Public Fund^ or other Public Securities bearing Interect, and to dire61 the on’ Diftribution thereof, and Payment of the Dividends or Intereft thereof, according to the refpedfive Interefts of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the

arise between any Parties interefted

7

Premises

C.31.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Application of Remains of Capital in the Great Book of Public Debt of France in the Hands of Commissioners of Deposit.

I

Commissioners not to be deemed Public Accountants; but their Accounts to be Subject to Examination of Treasury.

Commissioners to publish Lists of Claims investigated.

Premifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufe the fame is or are received, to such Per-fon or Perfons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the said Bank as aforesaid.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That during the time that any Capital inscribed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, in pursuance and for the purposes of the several Conventions hereinbefore recited, or any Part of such Capital, shall remain in the Names of the said CommiiIioner8 of Deposit, and shall not have been appropriated to the Liquidation of any Claims of His Majefty’s Subjeds, under-the said Conventions, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners of Deposit, on receiving Diredions to such effect from His Majefty’s Principal Secretary «of State for Foreign Affairs, and from the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to fell and dispose of the Whole or any Part of such Capital so inscribed in the said Great Book of the Public Debt of France, and so unappropriated, and to transfer the Proceeds of such Sale to England, to the Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under this Ad, to be by them invested in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities bearing Interect, for the purposes of being applied to the Payment or Liquidation of any such Claims, or in case all fuch* Claims shall be paid or liquidated, for such other Purpofes as the laid Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, shall direct the said Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to apply the fame; and all such Exchequer Bills, or other Public Securities bearing Interect, shall be deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandy to the Account of and in the Names of the Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under this Ad, and shall be and remain in the Names of such Commiflioners for the time being, to be fold, and the Produce thereof paid and applied for the Purpofes above specified.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or the said Commiflioners of Deposit, shall not, nor shall any of such Commiflioners be deemed Public Accountants, in respect of any such Sums as aforesaid; but all the Accounts of the said Commiflioners, either as to the Depofit or Receipt or Diftribution of the said Sums, and all Matters and Things relating to the Execution of the said Commission, shall be subject to the Examination and Audit of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Commiflioners shall cause to be published in The London Gazette, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of July and Fifth Day of January in each Year, until the Purpofes of this Ad are completed, a Lift of all the Claims which shall have been investigated and decided, either by the Admiflion thereof in the Whole or in Part, or by the Reie&ion thereof.

CAP.

A.D.1819.

50° GEO. III.

C. 32.

93

I

CAP. XXXII.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and amend so much of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred ^nd nineteen, additional duties of Excife in Great Britain, as relates to Tobacco and SnufF and certain Excife Licences.	[19th	May	1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting 4 to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred 4 and nineteen, additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Sweets, 4 Tobaccoj Snuff and Excife Licences: And Whereas it is expedient

*	that the fame should be further Qpntinued, so far as relates to To-4 bacco and SnufF, and to the several annual additional Sums for and 4 upon Licences to be taken out by .every Auftioneer, Common

*	Brewer, Maker of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, Dealer in or Seller 4 thereof not being a Maker, Chandler or Maker of Candles other 4 than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, Trader in or Vender or Seller 4 of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, Glafs Maker, Tanner,

*	Tawer, DrefTer of Hides and Skins in Oil, Currier, Maker of Vel-

*	lum or Parchment, Maltfter, Maker of Metheglin or Mead, Maker 4 of Paper or Pafteboard, Paper Stainer, Trader in and Vender or 1 Seller of Gold or Silver Plate, and Pawnbroker, and Refiner of 4 Gold or Silver, Calico Printer, and Printer, Painter or Stainer of

*	Silks, Linens, Cottons or Stuffs, Maker of Soap, Diftiller or 4 Maker of Low tVines or Spirits, Reftifier of Spirits, Dealer in 4 Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, not being a Retailer in Great 4 Britain, or a Wholefale Seller of or Dealer in plain Aqua Vitae only 4 in Scotland\ Wholefale Seller of or Dealer in Aqua Vitae only in 4 Scotland, not being a licensed Distiller, Reftifier, Compounder or 4 Retailer of Spirits, and not being a licensed Dealer in Brandy or 4 other Spirituous Liquors, Starch Maker, Maker of Sweets or Made 4 Wines other than Mead, Retailer of British Made Wines or Sweets, 4 Manufafturer of Tobacco or Snuff, Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco 1 and Snuff, Maker of Vinegar, Retailer of Foreign Wine, and Wire 4 Drawer respectively, as enumerated and deferibed in the Schedule

*	of the said Aft :f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords

Sual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament )led, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aft, so far as aforesaid, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

4 II. And Whereas by the said Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year , 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Sum of Two Pounds Six 4 Shillings is granted and imposed for and upon every Licence to 4 be taken out, according to the Laws in such Cafe made and pro-4 rided, by every Perfon trading in, vending or felling any Gold or 4 Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of 4 Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Ounces in

• Weight,

SS G.3. c.30.

Recited Act, so far as respects Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excise Licences, continued.

55 G. 3. c. 3 c. Sch. (A.)

94

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

t Sic.

Persons selling Silver or Gold Watches, in which are contained a certain Quantity of those Metals, not liable to the Licence Duty of iL 6s. granted by recited Act.

Gold or Silver Goods offered for Sale, &c. to be deemed as such according to 55 G. 3. c. 30. and 43 G. 3. e.69.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

C. $2, S3.

4 Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights * and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One separate and dif-4 tinG Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or shall be manufaGured :

4 And Whereas it is expedient that such Sum of Two Pounds Six 4 Shillings should not extend to or be paid by any Perfon who shall 4 trade m, vend or fell Silver or Gold Watches, but ft all not fefl 4 any other Gold or Silver Plate, or any other Goods or Wares in 4 which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and 4 under Two Notices f in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceed-4 ing Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any 4 One separate or diftinG Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or shall 4 be manufactured / Be it therefore enaGed^ That from and after the passing of this AG, no Perfon trading in, vending Or felling Silver or Gold Watches, and who shall not trade in, vend or fell, or offer or expose to Sale, any other Gold or Silver Plate, or any other Goods or Wares*- in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One separate and diftinG Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or shall be manufactured, shall be required or liable to pay for or upon any such Licence as aforesaid, the laid Sum of Two Pounds Six Shillings by the said recited ACt granted and imposed, any thing in the said recited ACt or this ACt to the contrary thereof *notwith-ftanding.

4 Til. And for obviating all Difputes touching the Quantity or 4 Weight of Gold or Silver refpeCtively manufactured or contained 4 in any Ware or Piece of Goods/ Be it declared and enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandise, which shall be fold or offered for Sale, or taken in pawn, or delivered out as and for Gold or Silver refpeCtively, shall be deemed and taken to be Gold or Silver respectively within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited ACt of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, and of this ACt, and also of an ACt made in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, ana granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and of all other ACts now or which shall hereafter be in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this ACt may be altered, amended or repealed by any ACt or ACts to be palled in this Sellion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An AG to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, several AGs of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, respecting the Duties of Cuftoms payable on Merchandife imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.	[19th May	1819.3

54 O. 3. c.36.	*	TT7HEREAS	an	AG,	parted	in	the Fifty fourth Year of the

4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to repeal the 4 Duties of Cuftoms payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported 4 into Great Britain from any Port or Place •within the Limits of the 4 Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England

4 trading

A.D; 1819.

59® GEO. III.

C. 99, 94.

95

4 trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; 4 and to eJlabUJb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue

*	on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and pre-

*	fading certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue 4 in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 4 nineteen: And Whereas another Adi was palled in the Fifty fifth

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to make 4 farther Provifion refpeSing the Duties payable upon East India Goods, 4 and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon fuch

*	Goods when imported by Private Traders ; which said Adis are near 4 expiring and fit to be continued :9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the laid Adis shall, from and after the palling of this Adi, be continued in force, from and after the palling of this Adi, to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered, varied or repealed by any Adi or Adb to be palTed in tnis Selfion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIV.

An A£k to amend and render more effectual fereral Adis for enabling the Commissioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the said Com-mHEoners to grant Annuities for Lives or Tears, for promoting the beneficial Purpofes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo Subfcription.	[19th May 1819.]

4 TT7 HE RE AS an A<ft was palled in the Forty eighth Year of

* W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for 4 enabling the Comnujjioneri for the ReduSion of the National Debt to 4 grant Life Annuities; and which has been amended and rendered

*	more effectual by several Adis palled for that Purpofe in the Forty 4 ninth. Fifty second. Fifty sixth, and Fifty seventh Years of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty (a): And Whereas it is expedient 4 that the said Adb should be amended, and further Provifions made 4 for rendering the fame more effectual: And Whereas by the said 4 recited Adi, palled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of Hir 4 present Majesty, it is among other things enacted, that upon the 4 Death of any single Nominee, or the Survivor of any Two joint 4 Nominees, a Sum equal to One Fourth Part of the Annuity depend-4 ing upon his or her Life (over and above all Arrears thereof re-4 fpedbvely ) shall be payable to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the 4 (aid Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, 4 (as the case may be) on the Half yearly Day of Payment next fuc-4 ceeding the Death of such Nominee; and Doubts nave arisen as to 4 the time of paying the Arrears of such expired Annuities, and also 4 the Fourth Part thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That upon the Pnodndtion, by the Perfon entitled to claim the Arrears of hich

(*)	3-^4- 5*G. 3.r. 129. 56G,3.	53. 57G.3. r.*6.]

expired

55 G. c. 10.

continued.

Act may be altered, Ac. this Session.

48 G. 3. c. X4«i

§15.

On Production of a Certificate of the Death of Nominee, with Affidavit of

96 #

Identity within the Periods herein mentioned, Officer to grant a Certificate, upon which the Bank shall pay the Arrears and the Fourth Part of the expired Annuity, if .claimed within Two Years after Death of Nominee.

Instead of the Certificates required by 57 G..V c. 26. marked ( A.) and (B.) the Forms (A.) and (B.) annexed to this Act to be used.

The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may receive from the Trustees of the Waterloo Subscription, 'rVansfers of Loug Annuities as the Con-

C. 3*.	59°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1819.

expired Annuity, to the proper Officer appointed by the Com-miffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the laid recited A (El of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, of a Certificate of the Death or Burial of such Nominee, together with an Affidavit in proof of the Identity of such Nominee according to the Directions of the laid recited A (Els, or any of them, within Twenty one Days immediately preceding the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, or Tenth Day of 0Sober respectively in any Year, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the Period of making the Half yearly Payment of the said Life Annuities next succeeding the Pro-dudlion of such Certificate and Affidavit (whether such expired Annuity shall or shall not have been payable at such Half yearly Period), to grant to the Perfon producing such Certificate of Death or Burial, and such Affidavit of Identity as aforesaid, a Certificate in the Form specified in the Schedule to the said recited Adi of the Forty eighth Year annexed, marked (G.) ; and upon the fame being lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the laid Governor and Company shall and they are hereby authorised and required to pay the Arrears which shall be due upon all or any Annuity or Annuities which shall have depended upon the Life of such tingle or surviving Nominee, and also tne Fourth Part of every such enired Annuity, in case such Fourth Part, shall be claimed within Two Yean after the Death of. the Nominee, according to the Provifions of the said A6t of the Forty eighth Year hereinbefore recited, to the Perfon or Perfon8 entitled thereto, whether such expired Annuity shall or shall not have been payable at such Half yearly Period, any thing in any Adi or Adis now in force to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

4 II. And Whereas the Forms of Certificates in the Schedule to 4 the said recited Adi of the Fifty seventh Year annexed, marked 4 (A.) and (B.), have not been found effedlualBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, the said Forms of Certificate shall be and the fame are hereby repealed; and that in all Cafes where, by the said recited Adi, the laid Forms are required to be used and applied, the several Forms marked (A.) and (B.) in the Schedule to this Adi annexed shall be used and applied mfleaa thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Adi contained shall be construed to prevent the Ufe of the said Forms marked (A.) and (B.) in the Schedule to the said recited Adi of the Fifty seventh Year annexed, for the several purposes to which they are now applicable, notwithstanding the Repeal of the fame, until the Adoption in lieu thereof of the Forms marked (A.) and (B.) contained in the Schedule to this Adi annexed.

4 III. And Whereas certain Sums in Annuities (commonly called 4 Long Annuities) are now Handing in the Books of the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of certain 4 Perfons acting as Truflees of a Subscription denominated The 4 Waterloo Subscription, under the Appointment of the Chairman and 4 Managers of the said Subfcription ; and for the more effedlually 4 carrying into effect the beneficial Purpofes of the said Subscription, 4 it may be expedient to allow Part of the said Long Annuities to #4 be transferred to the Commissioners for the Redudlion of the Na-4 tional Debt, as the Confideration for Annuities to be granted by the

4 faid

AJXl8lSi

59° GEO. III.

C. 34.

97

1 laid Conmuffidnlrs on the Lives of Perfons intended to be benefited rfcnr the fzid Subscription, and to be nominated for that Purpose, and

*	afro to allow Part of the said Long Annuities to be transferred ‘ to the laid Commissioners as the Confederation for other Annuities

*	to be granted for a limited Term or Number of Years, for the Ad-

*	vantage of Perfons intended to be benefited by such Subscription Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may hie lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, at any time after the passing of this Aft* from time to time to accept and receive from the Perfons acting as Truilees of the said Waterloo Subfcription for the time being, the Transfer of any Long Annuities (landing in the Names of such Trustees as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities upon the Continuance of (ingle Lives of Perfons of the Age of Twenty one Years or upwards, to be charged upon and payable out of the Funds created for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called the Sinking Fund, to be paid to the said Trustees during the Angle Lives of any Perfons whom such Chairman and any Two Managers for the time being shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, in manner hereinafter mentioned; such Annuities to be calculated according to the Rates specified and contained in the hud recited Afts of the Forty eighth and Fifty feeond Years of His present Majefty’s Reign; and also that it shall and may be lawful lor the said Commffioners, from time to time, to aecept and receive hum such Trustees for the time being, the Transfer of any Long Annuities (landing in the Names of such Trustees, as the Confideration far the Purchafe of Annuities for any limited Term or Number of Terns, to be charged upon and payable out of the said Sinking Fund, ad to be paid to the said Trustees according to such Rates and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be from time to time agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the said Chairman and any Two Managers; and it shall and may be lawful for such Trustees for the tarn being, and they are hereby refpeftiveiy authorised and empowered, from time to time, to transfer the laid Long Annuities into the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said Governor and Company, for fueh Purpofes accordingly, under the Regulations in tin Aft contained.

••deration for the Purchase of Life Annuities and Annuities for Years.

How such Annuities to be calculated.

Transfer to be according to this Act

IV. And be it further enacted, That previous to the granting any Chairman, &c-life Annuities under this Aft, the Chairman and Managers for the of the Waterloo time being of the said Waterloo Subfcription shall produce, or shall taafe to be produced, to the proper Officer of the Commissioners for SfNominees; the Reduction of the National Debt, a Lift of the several Perfons and ttM" the* proposed to be nominated as the Perfons during the Continuance of Amount of whole respective single Lives such Life Annuities shall respectively L°ng Annuties depend, which Lift shall contain the Christian and Surname of each and every such Perfon, together with his or her Refidence or Annuities, wfoal Place of Abode and Occupation, and also his or her Age, and the Amount of the Annuity or Annuities proposed to be purchased on the Continuance of his or her Life respectively, clafied according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve ; and tie £dd Lift shall be attested by and under the Hands of the Cbarman and Two Managers of the said Waterloo Subfcription for the time being, and also by their Secretary; and who (nail also fate and declare thereon the Amourit of the Long Annuities proposed tobe so transferred as the Confideration for the laid Life Annuities;

S9 Gao. III.	H	and

jC. 34.

59° GEO. IIL

AJM81S.

Certificate to «Qthorise ..Transfer.

How Life An* nuitics to be computed.

Previous to purchasing of Annuities for Tears, Trustees shall produce a Declaration of the Amount of Long An-nuities to be transferred.

"Certificate to

authorise

Transfer.

On Production and Delivery at the Bank of the Certificates granted, and on Transfer of the Long Annuities, Cashier to grant a Receipt in the usual Form.

find such Lift, so attested as aforesaid, with the Statement find Declaration thereon as aforesaid, shall be produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners, and shall be kept and preferred, and fttall remain in the Office of the said Commissioners as a perpetual Record; and upon such Produ&ion of such Lift, Statement and Declaration to the said Officer, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officer, and he is hereby authorised and empowered to grant (without further Evidence) a Certificate to the laid Chairman and Managers, or to any Perfon or Perfons applying on their behalf (a Duplicate of which Certificate shall be tranlmitted by the said Officer to die Governor and Company of the Bank of England,) to authorise the Transfer to the said Commissioners of such Sum or Sums of the had Long Annuities as shall be so stated and declared to be the Con-fi deration for the Purchafe of the Life Annuities therein stated $ qpd the Amount of the said Life Annuities shall be computed by the said Officer according to the Tables of the Rates of Annuities granted upon the Continuance of single Lives, annexed to the said recited A&s of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That previous to the granting of any Annuity or Annuities for a limited Term or Number of Year% in pursuance of this Aft, the Trustees of the said Waterloo Subscription for the time being shall produce, or cause to be produced, to the said Officer of the Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the Natjkmfil Debt, a Declaration attested by and under the Hands of the Chairmsfi and Two Managers for the time being of the said Subscription, and their Secretary, dating the Amount of the Long Annuities ptopofibj} to be transferred into the Names of the said Commissioners, as tbie Confideration for the Purchafe of any such Annuity or Annuities for a limited Term or Number of Years, and the Amount of the Annuity or Annuities for such limited Term or Number of Yeats, which the said Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt shall have agreed to grant in consideration of the Long Annuities so propoled to be transferred; and the said Officer fhali thereupon grant a Certificate to the {aid Chairman and Managers, or to the Perfon or Perfons applying on their behalf, to authorise the Transfer to the said Commissioners of such Sum or Sums of the said Long Annuities as shall be fpecifted in such Certificate, and a Duplicate of such Certificate shall be transmitted by the said Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

VI.	And be it further enacted. That upon the Produ&ion find Delivery at the Bank of England of the several Certificates to be granted by the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, in manner directed by this A&, and upon the Transfer to the said Commissioners of the said Long Annuities to be transferred as the Confideration for the Purchafe of the said Ldfe Annuities, or for the Purchafe of the said Annuities for Years (as the case may be), the Perfon producing such Certificate shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from One of the Caffiiers of the said Governor and Company, acknowledging such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt One of such Cafhiers is hereby required tp

S've, according to the Form directed to be used upon tne Transfer of ank Annuities or any other Annuities to the (aid Commissioners for the Pucphafe .of Life Annuities, under the Pravifions of the hereinbefore recited A&s or any of them*

VII* And

A.1M8I&

59° GEO. lit

C.34.

99

VIL And be it farther ensued. That upon the Completion of the Transfer of any such Long Annuities, as the Confederation for the Purchafe of Life Annuities or of Annuities for Ytars, in pursuance of this Ad, the Trustees of the said Waterloo Subfcription shall be entitled to receive, during the Life of the Perfon or Perfons so laminated as aforesaid, or during the Term of Years for which such Annuities shall be granted (as the case may be), the Annual Amount of such Life Annuities or Annuities for Years as shall be fpedfied in the Certificates to be granted as aforesaid, by the Officer of the laid Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt; and Annuities pay-all such Annuities, whether for Life or Years, shall be payable Half aWe to Trustees yearly to the said Trustees or to any of them, at the Bank of England,	yearly,

on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, or on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, as the case may require; and the First Half yearly Payment of When the First ail filch Annuities shall commence and be ascertained as follows; that Payment to bn t» to fey, in all Cafes where such Transfer shall be completed between the Fifth Day of January and the Fourth Day of Aprils both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of such Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of July next following such Transfer; and in all Cafes where such Transfer shall be completed between the Fifth Day of April and the Fourth Day of July, both iaduBve, the First Half yearly Payment of the said Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on the Tenth Day of OSober next following such Transfer ; and in all Cafes where such Transfer shall be completed between the Fifth Day of July and the Ninth Day of Odoba-, both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of the said Annabel refpe&tively shall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of iumrynext following such Transfer; and in all Cafes where such Transfer shall be completed between the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fourth Day of January, both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of such Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on fee Fifth Day of April next following such Transfer; and after the Payment# Death of any Nominee, upon the Continuance of whose Life any Arrears.

Aannity shall have been granted in pursuance of this A&, all Arrears of the raid Annuity shall be paid to the said Trustees up to and upon tk Half yearly Day of Payment of such Annuity next following the Dsy of tne Deceafe of fuen Nominee.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all such Long Annuities hong Anmri-asftaH be transferred into the Names of the Commissioners for the tiestrenfared feda&iaB of the National Debt for the purposes of this A&, fhall

bora time to time, as the fame shall arise and become due, be received by fee Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of Englandy and n ng un * Hull be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of fee (aid Governor and Company ; and all Sums so received shall form and conftitnte Part of the Fund for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall be applied from time to time by the said Commissioners in the fame ^Marnier and to such Purpofes as the several Sums composing the find Fund are made applicable by any A& or A&s in force at the time of the palling of this A&.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That all Annuities, whether for Annuities Liras or Yean, which shall be granted in pursuance of this A&, charged on the Ml be charged and chargeable on the Sinking Fund, and they are Sinking Fund

H 2	hereby	andearaedw

as*.;

50° geo. ill;

A.D.181&

•eparmte Ae-eounti.

Money set apart at the Bank to pay Annuities.

Half yearly Lists of deceased Nominees to be made out by Trustees.

List to be attested by Secretary to Chairman and Ma-nagera

On Production of Certificate remaining Annuities toHbe paid.

Half yearly

Amount to bo certified.

Receipt of Trustees su£-fieknt Dfc-

hereby respectively made chargeable thereon, and shall be carried to distinct and separate Accounts in the Books of the Bank of England, and in the Books of the Commiflioners for the Redu6Hon of the National Debt, under the Titles of “ The Account of the Waterloo Subscription Life Annuities,” and €* The Account of the Waterloo Subscription Annuities for Yearsand it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to fet apart and retain from time to time out of the Monies commonly called the Sinking Fund, ftandinr upon the Account of the said Commiflioners in the Books of the said Governor and Company, a Sum Sufficient to satisfy and pay all such Annuities, whether for Life or Years, to be granted in pursuance -of this A61, from time to time as the fame shall become due and payable, according to the Direftions of this Aft.

X.	And be it further enacted, That previous to every Half yearly Payment of any Life Annuities granted under this Aft, there (hau be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, by or on behalf of the Trustees of the said Waterloo Subscription for the time being, a Lift made up to the Fifteenth Day of the Month immediately preceding the Day upon which such Half yearly Payment shall fall due, containing the Names of all such Nominees as, according to the best of the Information and Belief of the said Trustees, shall have died within the Half Year ending upon the Day to which such Lift shall be made up, which Lift mall be certified by and under the Hands of the Chairman for the time being, and of any Two Managers for the time, of the said Subscription (Such Chairman and Managers not being the Perfons in &fcofe Names such Life Annuities shall tnen be standing in the Books df the Bank), and such Lift shall be attested by the Secretary to the said Chairman and Managers ; and upon the Produftion of the find Lift so attested and certified to the said Officer, the said Officer Audi and he is hereby required, at the usual tones of paying the said Annuities, to grant, without further Evidence, to such Trustees for the- time-being, or to One of them, a Certificate to enable the TrUftees to* receive the Life Annuities which shall appear to be remaining due and payable, dedufting from time to time, according' to the Provifions of .this Aft, the Amount of such of the (aid Lire Annuities as shall appear to be expired and no longer payable, in cotu Sequence of the’ Deceafe of any of the Nominees; and upon the Produftion of such Certificate, and the fame being lodged with tire Governor and'Company of the said Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the find Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorised and required, 4o pay in One Sum to such Trustees, or to any One of them, out of the Monies to be retained and fet apart for that Purpofe as hereinbefore dirested, the Amount of all such Life Annuities as shall appear to be then due: Provided always, that the said Officer (hall* from time to time, previously to the tune of Setting apart the said 'Monies, certify to the laid Governor and Company the Half yearly Amount of the said Life Annuities which shall be payable under or by virtue of this Aft.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Receipt of the Truftee or Trustees, who shall receive any such Life Annuities or Annuities for Years, shall at all times be a full, fuffident and final Difcharae to the, Governor and-Company of the Bank of England -for the

paying

cbargetotha

AJ). 1819

59° GEO. III.

C.S 4i

101

paying of such Annuities; and also to the said Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, for all the Sums so paid; and neither the said Governor and Company nor the said Commissioners shall in any manner whatsoever be refponftble or accountable for the Application, Misapplication or Non Application of the Sums so paid ; any thing in any Aft or Aft#, or any otner Deed, Matter or Writing whatsoever to tne contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That no Life Annuities or Annuities Annuities for Years which shall be granted in pursuance of this Aft*

shall be tranaferrable or assignable, except only in Cafes where any tnnaiun&9 new Truftee or Trustees shall be appointed by the Chairman and except on Ap-Coflmnttee of Managers for the time being of the said Waterloo Sub- pointment of icription, according to the usual Forms and Rules for appointing any new Trustees, new Truftee or Trustees under which the said Subscription shall be JmedL regulated, in the Room of any former Truftee or Trustees ; in which Caie only k shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to permit any existing Truftee or Trustees to transfer the Whole of Inch Life Annuities or Annuities for Years (but not any Part or Share thereof) into the Names of new Trustees, or of the existing Truftee or Trustees and such new Truftee, as the Cafe may require:

Provided always, that upon every such Change of Truftee or Trustees,

a Certificate shall be produced at the Bank of England, by the Perfon

or Perfons applying to make such Transfer, attested by and under

the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers for the time being

of the (aid Waterloo Subscription, and their Secretary, dating tne

Appointment of such new Truftee or Trustees: Provided also, that

Notice of every such Transfer shall be given to the Commiffioners

£nr the Reduftion of the National Debt,, within Six Days after any noaen.

fbcb Transfer shall have been made by or on behalf of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, from time totirae, whenever

the fane shall take place as aforesaid.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That an Account shall be made Accounts#! lip to the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred

and twenty two, and to the Fifteenth Day of December in every delivered every Tear following, and shall be certified by and under the. Hands of the Three Tears, Chairman and Two Managers, for the time being of* the said Waterloo and to be.de* Subscription, and their Secretary, stating the respective Amounts of ducted from the all fuen Life Annuities granted under this Aft, as shall have

unclaimed from the said Trustees, for the Space of Three Annuities.

Tears or upwards, and such Accounts shall.be produced to the proper

Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National

Debt; and the said Officer shall, at the time of ascertaining the

Amount of the Life* Annuities payable under this Aft, on the Fifth

Day of January then next following, deduct from such Account the

Amount of all such Annuities as shall have so remained unclaimed

and unpaid: Provided always, that nothing in this-Aft shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to defeat or prejudice the Right of the

laid Trufiees-to any such Annuity*, or to claim the Arrears and future

Payments thereof, upon the Production to the said Officer of the faid

Ccnariffioom for the Reduftion of the National Debt, of a Certificate

attefted by and under the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers	*

for the time being of the said Waterloo Subscription (fuch Chairman

mb Managers not being Perfons in whose Names any Annuities to

H 3	be

Expired Annuities to fall into the Sinking Fund.

No Taxes on such Annuities but such as Dividends may be liable to.

No Stamps on Certificates, Ac.

Pottos for purposes of this Act shall be directed or adapted by Cemnniaianem.

C. 341	59*	GEO. III.	AJ3.18M.

be granted under the Provilions of this Aft shall be Handing,) and their Secretary, dating that the Perfon or Perfons upon whose Life or Lives any such unclaimed Life Annuity shall have been originally granted, appears, from satisfactory Evidence produced to them, to be then living ; and upon the Production of uich Certificate to the said Officer, the said Officer shall within Six Days after the Receipt thereof, certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the total Amount of the several Life Annuities which shall be so reclaimed; and in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, out of any Monies whatsoever which shall have been paid to them and carried in their Books to the Account of the (aid Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to fet apart and retain from time to time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying such reclaimed fLife Annuities and all Arrears thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years purchased under the Proviiions of this Aft, shall, upon the ceasing thereof, revert to and become Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall from time to time be applicable to the Reduction of the; National Debt, and shall from thenceforth be applied in the fame manner as by the Laws now in force the said Fund is made applicable.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years, purchased under the Provifions of this Aft, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impofitions whatsoever, except such as Dividends on any of the Public Funds, or Annuities payable at the Bank of England, are or may be subject and liable to ; and that nO Certificate required in any Cafe to be produced to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to the Officer of the said Commissioners for Reduftion of the National Debt, nor any Receipt for the Payment of any such Annuities, or any Part thereof, at the Bank of England, in virtue of this Aft, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XVI.	And in order* to facilitate the Purpofea of this Aft, be it further enacted, That in every Cafe in which it shall and may be required to use any Certificate or other Document for the purpose of any Transfer of Long Annuities, or for the Purchafe or Payment of any Annuities for Lives or Years, granted under the Provifions of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful Tor the proper Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, to use such Forms for the said Purpofes respectively, as the said Commissioners shall deem mod expedient to direct or adopt; any thing in this Aft or in any other Afts to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers?

SCHEDULE (A.)	x

No._______________

t*ORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of an Annuity from time to time at the Bank of EngUmd> upon the Non Appearance of the Nominee.

*	T DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Baltic

*	of Euglandy in pursuance of the Provifions of the fetend A'fts < for enabling the Commissioners for Reduftion of the National

*	‘Debt to grant Life Annuities, That A* B. the Nominee, [ar, m

€ cafe

A. D. 1819.	59° GEO.	III.	C.	34, 85.

4 safe ef Tmo Nominees, One of the Two Nominee*, or, the Survivor ‘ of the Two Nominee*,] described in the Certificate numbered a*

4 above, and granted for the Pnrchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life 4 of the said Nominee, [or, on the Live* of the said Nominees, and

*	the Life of the longer Liver of them,] was living on the

1 Day of	on which Day a Halt yearly Payment

4 of the said Annuity became due. Witneis my Hand this 4	Day of	.*

SCHEDULE (B.)

No*	■

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the* Receipt of an Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England* upon the personal Appearance of the Nominee.

*	J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank

4 * of England, in pursuance of the Provifions of the several Ads 4 for enabling the Commiifioners for the Redu&ion of the National 4 Debt to grant Life Annuities, That A. B. the Nominee [or, in 4 cab of Two Nominees* One of the Two Nominees, or, the Survivor 4 of the Two Nominees,] described in the Certificate numbered as-4 above, and granted for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity on the 4 Life of the said Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the said Nominees,. 4 and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] appeared personally 4 before me, this	Day of

*	Witnefs my Hand, the Day and Date above written J

CAP. XXXV.

An Ad to amend an A St, paflcd in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hr* present Majesty, intituled An AB to. facilitate the Adrriirujfration of Suffice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes.	[19th May 1819.]

4 '1TTHEREAS extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes, in that 1 W Part of Greed Britain called Scotland* in the manner provided 4 by an Ad passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His 1 present Majesty, intituled An A8 to facilitate the Admimflration of 'tycemthat Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending 4 Trial by Jury to Civil Confer* has been attended with beneficial 4 Bfeftt to the Adnriniftfatkm of Juftice: And Whereas it is 'txpedrut, that farther Provifion should be made, to extend and 4 regjdate Trial by Jury in Civil Causes, and that the said Ad should * be io part altered and amended, and the Court thereby created be 4 oak x permanent Part of the Judicial Eftabliihment of Scotland:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be-it ended by The King’s Moft Excellent Maietty, by and with the Advise and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-mm* in this prefeat Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of' the fane. That in all Procefles raised in the Outer House of the Cflnrt of Seffion, by ordinary Adion or otherwise, on account of Ioj*ries to the Perfon, whether real or verbal, as A {fault or Battery, Libel or Defamation, or on account of any Injury to Moveables, or I* Lands, where the Title it not in qneftion; or on account of Breach

H*	of

10&

SS o. 3. e.4^

Certain Actions* to be sent to the Jury Court.

104 i

C. 35.

5^ GEO. III.

A.D. 1819-

Questions of Law reserved for the Court of Session.

Lord Ordinary to decide aa to Question of Law or Relevancy, and may reserve Question of Law for Court of

Lords Ordinary to have the Power of remitting whole Process to Jury Court

Jury Court N may settle

Lord Ordinary may settle

of Promife of Marriage, Seduction or Adultery, or -any A&km founded on Delinquency or quasi Delinquency of any kind, where the Conclufion shall be for Damages and Expences only; the Lord Ordinary of the Outer House, before whom such Precedes shall be * enrolied, do remit, and he is hereby authorised and required, after Defences are lodged, to remit the whole Procefs and Produ&ions forthwith to the Jury Court in Civil Causes; which last mentioned Court is authorised and required, according to Rules and Regulations which the said Court and the Court of Seflion are hereinafter empowered to make, to fettle an Iffue or I flues, and to try the fame by a Jury to be summoned and impannelled under the Provifions now in force, or hereinafter enacted for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Parties, or either of them, that there is a Queftion of Law or Relevancy which ought to be decided previous to the Remit of the Caufe to tne Jury Court, it shall be competent for them to date the fame orally to the. Lord Ordinary ; who, if he thinks fit, may give Judgment dc plow, or order Pleadings on the alleged Queftion of Law or Relevancy ; and if he orders Pleadings, then the Cafe is to be proceeded in according to the Courfe of the Court of Seflion ; and as soon as such * Queftion of Law or Relevancy shall be difoofed of, if Matters of

raft remain to be proved, the whole ProceU and Produ&ions in the Cafe shall be forthwith remitted to the Jury Court for the Purpofes aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be competent for the, Lord Ordinary, if it shall appear to him that there is no Queftion of Law or Relevancy which ought to be decided previous to the Remit of the Caufe to the Jury Court, forthwith to order such Caufe to be remitted to the said Court, for the purposes aforesaid: Provided, always, that it shall also be competent for the Lord Ordinary, if he fees cause, to reserve the alleged Queftion of Law for the Con-fideration of the Court of Seflion, after the Matters of Fa& shall have been found by a Jury ; and in all such Cases, the Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary, ordering the Caufe to be remitted to the Jury Court, whether with or without a Refervation of the alleged Queftion of Law, shall not be subject to Review by Representation, Petition, Appeal to the House of Lords or otherwise.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That-it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Ordinary, in all Cafes other than the A&ions for Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when Matters -of Fa& are to be proved, to order the whole Procefs and Productions in the Caufe to be remitted to the Jury Court, without reporting • to the Inner House; and the said Jury Court is hereby authorised -and required to fettle an Iflue or Iflues, and try the fame by a Jury,-in manner aforefaidj and if it shall appear to the said Lords Ordinary -to be expedient for the due Adminiftration of Juftice, they may pronounce an Interlocutor pointing out the Matters of Fa& which they require to be determined by a Jury; and the said Jury Court is. hereby authorised and required to fettle an Iflue or Iflues, in Terms of such Interlocutor, and such other Iflue or Iflues as may arise out of the Examination of the Cafe by the said Court, and to try the > fame by a Jury, in manner aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, it shall be lawful for the Lords Ordinary, in all Cafes other than

the

AJX181&

C.85.

105

59°GfeO.III.

the Affiooa for Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when Matters of Fad are to be proved, to prepare and fettle an Iffue or I flues without reporting to the Inner House ; and to remit the fame when fettled to the Jury Court, to be there tried by a Jury ; but nothing herein contained (nail take away from the Lords Ordinary, in such Cases, the Power of reporting an Iffue or I flues to the Inner House, in the Manner and Form now in force.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall he lawful and competent for the Court of Seffion in either of itaDmfions, in all Cafes depending in the Inner House, in which Matters of FaA are to be prowl, if it shall appear to them expedient for the due Adminiftration of Juftice, to order and direct, by special Interlocutor, the whole Procefs and Produdtions to be remitted to the Jury Court, for the said Court to fettle an Iffue or Ifsues, and to tnr the feme by a Jury, as aforesaid ; and if it shall appear to the find Dwifiona to be expedient for the due Adminiftration of Juftice, they may pronounce an Interlocutor, pointing out the Matters of Faft winch they require to be determined by a Juiy, and the feid Jury Court is hereby authorised and required to fettle Ifsues, in Terms of such Interlocutor; and the feid Court may likewise fettle such other Iffues as may arise out of the Examination of the Cafe by the fed Court, and try all such Iffues by a Jury in manner aforesaid.

VIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That kfhoUbe competent and lawful for either Dirifton of the Court of Seffion, in all Proceffes other than the A&ions of Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when it shall appear to them expedient tor the due Adufoiftration of Juftice, to prepare and fettle an Iffue or Ifsues,' ad to fend the fame<o the Jury Court, to be there tried by a Jury, in manlier aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Divisions, or the Lords Ordinary, in all Proceffes which come before them for Judgment after Verdidl, may direct such farther Iffue or Iffues as they may foe necessary, to enable them to pronounce'Judgment in the Caufe.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fall he competent to the Judges of the Jury Court to order and direct any Fads not faffing under the Ifsues, but which shall appear m evidence, and which they shall deem material to the Merits of the Cafe, or important to the Decifion of the Law, to be found by the Jury, and to be indorsed on the Iffue or Ifsues, or on a Paper or Pediment to be attached to the Iffue or Ifsues, and certified under the Hands of the Judge who tries the Cause, and returned with theVerdid and Iffues to the Divifion of the Court of Seffion, or the Lord Ordinary, by whom the Cafe was sent to the Jury Court.

X.	And be it mrtlier enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fkall and may be lawful and competent for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Proceffes relating to the running down of or other Injury to Ships, and relating to Policies of Iiuurance and Charter Parties, and m all Maritime and Mercantile Cafes competent to Us Jtzrifdidion as a Civil Judge, wherein Matters of Fad are to be proved, to order, by Special Interlocutor, the whole Procefs and Prodoffions, without reporting to the Court of Seffion, to be remitted to the Jury Court; which Court is hereby authorised and required finally to fettle the Iffue or Iffues in the Cafes so remitted, and to try thr tame by. a Jury in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that

nothing

Issues,

(Exception) and report to Inner House.

Court of Session in either of its Divisions may remit the whole Process to Jury Court;

and may prepare and stttle Issues.

Exception.

Lords Ordinary may settle further Issues.

Jury Court to direct Facts as herein mentioned to be indorsed, &c. and certified.

Court of Admiralty to remit whole Pnv cess to Jury Court.

W---- •--

rroves nr Judg. Admiral

c. sb.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 181SI

directing far. ther Issues;

and for Judges of Jury Court indorsing Facts on Issues, &c.

If Court of Admiralty refuse to remit, Court of Session may be applied to.

nothing herein contained shall prevent the Judge Admiral, in sfl Cafes which come before him for Judgment after Verdict, from directing such farther Iflue or Iflues as he may fee necessary, to enable him to pronounce Judgment thereon : And it shall Hkewiiie be competent to the Judges of the Jury Court to order and dxre& any Fads not falling under the I flues, but which shall appear in evidence, and which they shall deem material to the Merits of the Cafe, or important to the Decifion of the Law, to be found by the Jury, and to be indorsed on the Iflues or on a Paper or Parchment to be attached to the Iflue or Iflues, and certified under the Hand of the Judge who tries the Cause, and returned with the VetSSt and Iflues to the Judge of the Admiralty Court.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it shall be competent to either of the Parties in any such Adion m the Court of Admiralty, if the Judge Admiral shall refuse to order a Remit to be made to the Jury Court, as hereinbefore authorised and empowered, for the purposes aforesaid, to apply for a Review of the Deliverance to that effect to the Court of Seffion, in either of its Divisions, by Petition, to be intimated Three Days before the fame is boxed; winch Court, if it shall fee cause, is hereby authorised to pronounce an Interlocutor instructing the Judge Admiral to make such Remit.

Jury Court may remit ba£k Questions of Lav.

Proviso for Division, See* again remitting Process to Jury Come:

Preparing Issues, and for Jury Court remitting back Process, &c.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid* That it shall be competent and lawful for the Jury Court* when it appears to the said Court in the course of settling an Iflue or Iflues or at any time before Trial, in the Cafes remitted to them as aforefaid* that there is a Queftion or Queftions of Law or Relevancy which ought to be previoully decided, to remit back the whole Process ana Productions to the Divifion of the Court of Sdlion, the Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, who remitted the fame to the Jury Court, that the Queftion or Queftions of Law or Relevancy mdr be considered and determined there: Provided always that R shall he lawful to the said Division, Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, When Matters of Fa& shall after such Confideration ot Determination njtain to be proved, again to remit the whole Procefo and all the Productions to the Jury Court, in order that an Iflue or IiTues maw be prepared and tried as aforesaid: Provided further, that it flfcul be competent to the said Divifion and Lords Ordinary to prepare and fettle an Iflue or Iflues in manner aforesaid, for the purpose afosv-said; and it shall be competent for the Jury Court, when it artesrt to the said Court in the course of settling an Iflue or Iflues that H Cafe turns upon Matter of complicated Accounts or other Matter to which Trial by Jury is not beneficially applicable, to remit back the whole Procefs and Productions as aforesaid, with their Report thereon, in order that the Division, Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral* may proceed with the fame in such manner as shall appear to kewst expedient for the Admimftration of Juftice.

Proviso that XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afosefand* Court of Sea- That nothing in this A 61 contained shall extend or be conftracd to non, Ac. may	to prevent the Court of Seffion, in either of its Dmfiooa*

£%,	or	the	Lords	Ordinary,	(fave	and except in the Cafes comparing

far Damages hereinbefore enumerated), or the Judge Admiral* Exception. unlefa otherwise iaftra£ted as aforesaid by the Court of Sefcm, to take Proof on Comaaifion, by Remit, or m arts and

thereafter

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.35,

107

thereafter disposing of the Caufe in the manner now practised in fuch

Caies.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, In Cases That in all Cafes brought from an Inferior Court to the Court of brought from Seffion, wherein Proof by Witneffes has been taken by Order of the *“fero>rC<roit* Inferior Court, the Court of Seffion, in either of its Divisions, or g^2onmay the Lords Ordinary, if they deem further Proof to be expedient to &&& further be taken, /hall direct the fame to be taken, and the Invefligation of Proof.

the Fads to be completed according to the Forms of the said Court,

ualefg the Parties consent to cancel the Depositions of such Wit-

aefles as are alive and within Scotland: in which case it /hall be

competent for the Court of Seffion, or Lords Ordinary respectively,

to direct the Cafe to be sent to the Jury Court, in manner provided

by this and the aforesaid A d of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of

His prefect Majesty : Provided always, that nothing herein contained Court of Set- '

/hall restrain the Court of Seffion, in either of its Divisions, or the	disocs

IfOrds Ordinary, from directing 1/Tues in the Cafes brought before “hMB

them from an Inferior Court, as aforesaid, on any Point or Points

sot connected with the Proof already taken before such Court.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, No Appeal That it shall not be competent by Representation, reclaiming Olden to Petition, Bill-of Advocation, Appeal to the House of Lords, or <*7 by Juiy.  

Trial by Jury*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the* Authority aforesaid, That Motions for m all Cafes in which General Verdids are found by a Jury, all neiy Trial to Motions for setting aside the Verdid, and granting a new Trial, shall henceforth be made in the Jury Court, and not in the Court of Seffion; and the Order for granting	or refufiftg a new Trial bj the Order final.

Jury Court /hall be final, and not	fubjed to Review, by Petition,

keprrientation, Appeal to the House of Lords, or otherwise; and there /hall be at least Two Judges in Court when a Motion is made for a new Trial, or an Order is pronounced granting or refilling the feme.

XVIL And it is hereby enacted, That if the Motion for setting Bill of Epeap* aside the Verdid be founded on the Mifdiredion of the Judge at the dons to Trial in Matter of Law, or on the undue Admi/fion or Rejedion of JJcnt “ cert*in Erideace, it /hall be competent to	the Party against whom Judg-	**

mot is given by the Jury Court,	to tender a Bill of Exceptions

to such Judgment in the fame manner as at a Trial j and the Proceedings on such Bills of Exceptions shall be conformable in all re/pe&s to the Provifions of the Ad of the Fifty fifth Year, of the Rogn of His prefect Majesty, hereinbefore recited, regarding Bilk of Exception: Provided always, that in all Caufes remitted by the CoMtof Admiralty to the Jury Court, the Bills of Exception fitaU be prefenfcedby the Judge of the Jury Court to the Divifions of the Coart of Seffion alternately, beginning with the First Dmfion $ prodded further, • that Motions for new Trials on a Special Verdid, or Special Findings, shall be made in the Dmfion of the Court of Seffiio irom which the Proceedings were lent to the Jury Court, in mimur directed by the laid.recited Ad of the Fifty fifth Year of

tit Reign of His prefect Majesty i Provided neverthelect, that the interlocutor Interlocutor to be pronounced on such Motions shall be final, and final.

fhall

C.35.

59° GEO. lit

A.D.181*.

In such Cases Proceedings to remain in Jury Court,

In Cases of Special Verdict* Ac. Process te-mitted to Court of Session.

Proceedings where Verdict of Jury exhausts the Conclusions of the Action.

Judgment to

specify E*.

Verdict* Ac. transmitted to Keeper of die Records.

shall not be subject to review by Petition, jlepresentation, Appeal to the House of Lords, or otherwise.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes of new Trial in which a Bill of Exceptions to a Decifion in the Jury Court is prefen ted to the Court of Seffion, the Procefs and Productions shall remain in the Jury Court, in order to enable that Court to proceed in the new Trial, if the Judgment shall be reversed; or to proceed to pronounce Judgment upon a General Verdid, in case it shall be affirmed: Provided always, that it shall be competent to the Divifions of the Court of Seffions to order the said Procefs and Produdions to be brought into the (aid Division, when it shall deem the fame to be necessary; and after an Interlocutor shall be pronounced upon the Bill of Exceptions, the said Procefs and Produdions (haft be returned to the Jury Court, for. the purposes aforesaid; and that in all Cafes of Special Verdids or Special Findings, in all Cafes where the Judgment of the Jury Court on a BiS of Exception, other than new Trials, is affirmed, the whole Procefs and Produdions shall be forthwith remitted to the Court of Seffion, that the said Court may proceed to difeufs the Law of the Cafe, and pronounce Judgment thereon.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the Verdid of the Jury exhausts the Con-clufions of the Adion, (except certain cases as hereinafter provided,) it shall and may be lawful, after the Elapfe of the time allowed for moving for a new Trial, or after a new Trial shall have been finally refused, for the Judge or Judges of the Jury Court, by a Judgment or Deliverance on the Verdid to be issued and to be fubferibed by the presiding Judge, without the Neceffity of any Motion to that effect, to ordain that all manner of legal Execution shall oafs upon the fame in common Form ; and it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the Jury Court to award not only the Expences incurred in the said Court, but also the previous Expences incurred m the Court of Seffion, Court of Admiralty or Inferior Court, and to require the Auditor of the Court of Seffion to tax the fame; and the said Judgment shall specify the Expences, in the said Courts, and m the Jury Court; ana a Copy of the Verdid and Judgment, certified under the Hand of One or other of the Clerks of t& Jury Court, shall be a sufficient Warrant for. all legal Diligence and Execution, and equally effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were an extracted Decree of the Court of Seffion, and shall be obferad as such by the Lords Ordinary on the Bills, Clerks of the Wit, Keepers of the Signet and all others; and that the Letters under the Signet shall in such Cafe bear, that they proceed on the Judgment of the Commissioners of the Jury Court, in those Inftances u which, according to the prefect Pradice, they bear that they proceed on the Decree of the Lords of Council and Seffion ; and the original Verdid and Judgment thereon, together with the whole Steps of Proceeding, and such Produdions as may not have been taken up by the Parties entitled thereto, shall in all such Cafes be tnuffimtted for Prefervation to the Keeper of the Records of the Court of Seffion, and in other respects dealt with in the fame Way and Manner as die extracted Proceflee in the Court of Seffion are or may be tranftmttctf and dealt with.

XX. Pro-

A.D.181&

59* GEO. III.

as s,

IX. Provided jdways, and be it enaffced by the Authority afore-hid, That in Special Verdids, and in all Cafes where the Verdi A contains any Special Findings, which may require the Judgment of the Court of Seffion on the Law, and also in all Precedes of Reduction or Declarator, and in all Proceffes wherein the Decree to be prononneed will form a Part of the Title, or will acted or qualify the Title to any Heritable Eft ate, the Verdid, with the whole Frocefs and Productions, shall be returned to the Court of Seffion, border that the said Court may pronounce Decree in the said Caufe : Prodded always, in Cafes remitted by the Admiralty Court, when the Return by the Jury is in the Form of a Special Verdid or Special Fadings, which may require the Judgment of the Judge Admiral on the law, the Verdi61, with the whole Procefs and Produdions, shall be returned into the Admiralty Court, that the Judge Admiral may pronounce Judgment in the Caufe ; and that in Cams remitted fay the Court of Admiralty, the Bills of Exception shall be returned to the Dmftons of the Court of Seflions alternately, beginning with the First, unless the Cafe was sent to the Jury Court in consequence of a Petition to the Court of Seffion as hereinbefore enacted, in winch Cafe the Bill of Exceptions shall be returned to the Divifion to which the previous Petition was presented.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be certain distinct Periods of the Year for the Meeting of the Jury Court, to be called The Term, allotted for such Matters as do not require the Intervention of a Jury ; and that there shall be certain other distinct Periods, to be callea The Sittings, allotted far Trials by Jury ; and the Jury Court shall, for the Purpofes first ribresaid, keep and observe Four Terms in every Year, whereof One, to be called the January Term, shall commence yearly on the Twelfth of January, and shall end on the Twelfth Day of February ; another, to be called die May Term, shall commence yearly on the Twelfth Day of May, and shall end on the Fifth Day of June ; another, to be called the June Termr shall commence yearly on the Sixteenth Day ef June, and end the Tenth Day of July; and the Fourth, to be crikd the November Term, shall commence yearly on the Twelfth Day of November, and shall end on the Tenth Day of December ; and if aoy of the said Days on which the said Terms shall begin or end shall happen to be a Sunday, then such Term respectively (nail begin Sr end oa the next Day following.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That the (kid Court shall, for the Purpofes last aforesaid, keep and observe Three Sittings in every Year, On e to commence on the Day immediately after the January Torn, another to commence the Day immediately after the June Tern, the other to commence the Day immediately after the November Term; andif any of the said. Days on which the said Sittings shall begin fludPhappen to be a Sunday, the said Sittings respectively shall begin on the Day next following $ and all such Sittings shall be held, Xneoeflary, from day to day, on every lawful Day, and shall so costhnie and endure, according to Exigency of Buiinefs ; and it shall ftewifc be competent to the said Court to appoint Cafes to be tried by Jury at other times than the regular Sittings, when in their1 Judgment it shall appear to be necessary ; and the judges of the said Covt shall hold Circuits in the Spring and Autumn Vacations, as at

XXIII. And

109

In Gases of Special Verdiets, fee. Proceedings returned to Court of Session.

Proviso respecting Cases remitted by Admiralty Court.

Tfernjp and Sittings ftxed.

Three Sitings in every Tear.

Court may spi point Cases far Jury at other than regular Sittings.

a 35,

59* GEO. III.

AD, 1811.

for preparing Issues, &c. heard during Term only.

Proviso for Judge of Jury Court making Orders out of Term.

Regulations as to Condescendences and Answers.

Provision as to the Sum to be paid to Jurors.

Jury Court to proseed against absent Jurors.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proceedings for preparing and settling I flues, for heating and determining all Matters necefiary for forwarcung Cafes to be tried by Jury, the Hearing of all Motions respecting Judgments, new Trials, Expences of Process; all Applications for Krauts to the Court of Seffion, and all other Matters and Things falling within the Jurifdi&ion of the Jury Court, and not requiring the Intervention of a Jury, may and shall be heard and determined during the Ton only: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent One or more Judge or Judges of the Jury Court from making Orders out of Term, on the Application of Parties by the Counfel, refped-ing Commiflions for the Examination of Witnestes, refpe&mg the Infpe&ion of written Evidence previous to a Trial by Jury; and in all other Matters and Things relative to furthering the Trial of Caufes at the Sittings or on tne Circuits, in case such Application could not have been made during the preceding Term ; such Judge or Judges being fatished, by Affidavit or otherwise, that the Application so made could not have been made in the preceding Term; and nothing herein contained shall prevent the Judge or Judges presiding at the Trial of any Cafe from putting off the fame on account of the Abfence of a material Witnefo or Witnestes, or for any other Caufe in which Juftice requires that a Trial should be put off; provided it is ascertained, by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Judge or Judges, that there is good Caufe for so doing, and that such Cams could not have been foreseen in time to have moved the fame in dm

preceding Term.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in all Proceffes in which the Jury Court is to fettle the I flues. That Rules an<{ Regulations shall be and are hereby directed to be framed for ordering Condefcendences and Anfwers, by virtue of the Authority given in this A Cl for making Rules and Regulations, so that the Condefcendences and Anfwers may either be in the Court of Seffion or in the Jury Court, as may be found moil expedient; and in all Cafes in which Condefcendences and Anfwers shall be ordered in the Jury Court, the Clerk of the said Court shall collect the Fees an such Proceedings payable in the Court of Seffion, and shall account to the Officer in the Court of Seffion entitled to receive the lame, for all Fees which shall be so colle&ecL

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Amount of the Sum to be paid to each Juror for serving on a Jury shall be regulated by the Order of the Judge or Judges pie-fiding at the Trial; provided that the said Judge or Judges fhaH not order more to be paid to any Juryman than Twenty Shillings for any One Trial, unless in Cafes of Adjournment to a Second Day, when the Sum to be paid to him may, in the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges, be extended to Forty Shillings; every such Sum to be paid by the Parties in manner now provided and in force.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this Ad, it fhaH no longer be necefiary for the Officer of any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sob-ftitute to attend in the Jury Court for the purpose of proving the Service of a Summons forved on any Juror, for enabling the find Court to proceed to impose a Fine on such Juror for not obeying their Summons, but it shall henceforth be lawful for. the Jury Court,

at

AJXigia.

C. 35*

111

59° GEO# III.

at its Sittings of Circuits, to proceed in respect to absent Jurors according to the Courfe which prevails in the Court of Judiciary.

XXVlI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs Depute and Subftitute of Counties, and the Magistrates of Burghs, at the Place where the Judges of the Jury Court hold their Circuit, shall furuifh the fame Attendance of Officers on the Judges of the said Court on such Occafion, as is in use to be provided for the Lords of Jufticiary on their Circuits, and the jZxpence thereof shall be reimbursed to the said Sheriffs and Magistrates in the fame Manner aa is now done in the Cafe of the Jufticiary Circuit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be competent to the Jury Court to issue their Order or Orders, Diligence or Diligences, for fnmmoning Witneffes, and for Produ&ion of Writings, sod for all other Matters and Things which the laid Court may judge proper and necessary, in Manner and Form as is practised by the Court of Seffion; and that the said Jury Court shall have the fame Power sad Authority in granting the Prote&ions to Witneffes, committing

& Prevarication and Contempt, in every respect, in Cafes depending we them, as is competent to the Court of Seffion, without any Exception or Limitation whateverj and that the Orders of the said Court /hall be executed by all Public Officers in the fame Way as the Orders of the Court of Seffion ; which the said Public Officers and MsgifbraCes are hereby enjoined and authorised to execute

xxi:

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

a by tft<

That from and after the passing of this A&, it shall be lawful for the Lsrds Commissioners of the Jury Court, or any Two of them, to jfanMe from time to time, and as often as there shall be occasion, for the purpose of framing such Rules and Regulations as may be oecefiary for settling an Iffue or Ifsues, and for ordering the Forms of Process, and regulating the Proceedings in the said Court, in all Matters and Things falling within the Jurildi&ion of the said Court; and that the (aid Rules and Regulations shall be reported to the Court of Seffion, assembled for the purpose by the Authority of the Lord President, together with the Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court, who /hall tak£ the fame into confiderationj and upon such Report befog approved, the fame shall be entered in the Books of Sederunt of the Court of Seffion, and in the Sederunt Book of the Jury Court: Provided always, that such Regulations as are applicable, not only to the Jury Court but also to the Court of odkmf shall be framed in the Manner provided by the foresaid A& of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hi« present Majesty.

XXX. And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen in the

and in other Matters of Regulation as to EvidenceBe it ended by the Authority aforesaid. That it ihall be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Seffion, and of the Jury Court, being affem-Meo for the purpose of passing Ads of Sederunt, as provided by the find Ad of the fifty fifth Year of His present Maefty, to make Ads of Sederunt, eftablilhing such Regulations and Rules of Court hr the Preparation of fiyideiug and the Examination of WitneiTes,

as

Attendance of Officers on tha Judges.

Jury Court may compel the Attendance of Witnesses, Ac.

How Orders of Jury Court executed.

Power to Lords Commissioners of Jury Court to make Rules and Regulations for the Proceedings of the Court.;.

Regulation of Jury Court slid Court of Session to be according to sso.3.9.41.;

and to both Courts for the Crow Examination of Witnesses.

C. 35.

59“ GEO: III.

A.D. 1819*

An additional Clark to Jury Court to-be appointed.

Salary.

as shall be expedient for the due Admituftratkm of Juftice in the Jury* Court.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and’ after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and nay be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, to appoint a Fourth Clerk to the said Jury Court, in the Manner in which the present Clerks of the said Jury Court were directed to be appointed by the said recited Aft passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with a Salary not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds per Annum* payable in the fame Manner and at the fame Periodsas the Salaries authorised to be granted to the present Clerks of the laid Jury Court are directed to be paid and are payable by virtue of the said recited Aft; and the said Salary of such Clerk,* as well as the Salaries of the other Clerks of the Jury Court shall be subject to fueh and the like Taxes and Deduftions and none other, to which the Salaries granted to the Clerks of the Court of Seflion are subject and liable.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, to appoint Three Afliftant Clerks, or Clofet Keepers, to the laid Jury Court, with Salaries not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum to each, payable in the fame Manner and at the fame Periods as the Salaries authorised to be granted to the Clerks of the said Jury Court are directed to be-paid by the said recited Aft and this Aft.

XXXIII.	And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Cafes in which the Jury Court is authorised to award and allow Expeices, the Accounts of such Expences shall be audited, fettled and reported upon, by the Perfon exercising the Office of the Auditor of the Court of Semon in either of its Divisions, who shall be and is hereby declared to be Auditor of the Jury Court; and such and the like Fees shall be paid to such Auditor as in the Cafe of Accounts of Expences audited, fettled and reported upoA in the Court of Seffion, under the Authority of an Aft passed in the Fif-

50 G. 3. c. m. tieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for abridging the Form of extracting Decreet of the Court of Seffion* and for the Regulation of certain Parti of the Proceedings of that Court ; and such Auditor shall become entitled to the said Fees from and after the First Day of December and the Twelfth Day of January next, according as Expences in the Court of Seflion or other Courts, or in the Jury Court, may arise and are awarded by the Jury Court. Power, to pre- XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, nding Judge of That in case of the Abfence from Illnefs or other sufficient Caufe of Jury Court to Clerk or Clerks of the Jury Court, either at Edinburgh or on the Circuits, it shall be lawful for the presiding Judge to appoint, by Writing, signed by the said Judge, and afterwards to be entered in the Seaerunt Book of the Court, a proper Perfon to aft as Clerk for the Occafion, to whom the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Clerks of the Jury Court shall be administered previous to his acting.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in Cafes where an Order for a View has been obtained, and that the Place to be viewed lies in the Counties'of Sutherland) Caitbnefs and

Orkney*

Three Assistant Clerks to be appointed.

Salary.

Auditor of Court of Session to be Auditor of Jury Court, who is to report upon Expences.

appoint interim Clerks.

Viewers in certain Northern Countiesjregu-

AJ). 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C .35.

113

Orkney, which Counties are not required to fend Jurors to •Invemess, the Sheriffs Depute or Subftitute of the said Counties respectively /hall return Three Perfons of the County in which the A&ion arisea, to be the Viewers; and that the said Viewers shall be bound to attend at the Trial, and be first called to serve on the Jury; the Manner of proceeding to take the View and the Qualification of the Jurors being subject always to the Regulations now in force refpe<5t-ing Views, and respecting the Qualification of Jurors; and if from any Caufe it shall be expedient that Viewers should be fcnt from a neighbouring County, the Jury Court shall issue an Order for a certain Number of Jurors of the nearest County from which it may be expedient that Viewers should be taken, and they shall be bound to attend the View, and shall be firll called to serve on the Jury, as at present practised.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Jury Court in Civil Causes, created under the Authority of the aforesaid A<51 of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with all the Officers belonging thereto, and to the JLord Chief Commiflioner thereof, shall remain in all time coming a Part of the Judicial Eftabliffiment of Scotland, and of the College of Juftice therein, subject to such Regulations, for the better Ad-miniffration of Juft ice, as may hereafter be made by Parliament. k XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Aft shall take effect in directing the Proceedings of the Court of Seffion from and after the First Day of December next, and in directing the Proceedings of the Jury Court from and after the Twelfth Day of January next, except as to the framing and paffiug Rules and Regulations, which, as hereinbefore enabled, may be framed and palled at any time from and after passing of this A<51; declaring always, that it shall be competent for the aforesaid Courts respectively to proceed in Manner and Form now practised, until the First Day oi December and Twelfth Day of January aforesaid.

' XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fb much of the said recited A61 of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires that the Chief Commiflioner of the Jury Court be a Senator of the College of Juftice, or a Baron of Exchequer in Scotland, be and the fame is hereby repealed; but that no Perfon shall be appointed to be Chief Commiflioner of the Gud Court, unless he be qualified to be appointed a Senator of the College of Juftice ; and when at any time the Perfon holding the said Office /hall not hold any other judicial Office than that of Chief Cotnmissioner, every such Perfon, during the time he shall hold the said Office of Chief Commiflioner and no other judicial Office, shall be entitled to such Salary as shall be equal to the Salary of the Perfon holding the Office of Lord Juftice Clerk in Scotland; and such Salary to such Chief Commiflioner shall be directed to be paid, and /hall be payable, in the Manner and at the fame Periods as the Salary granted to the Perfon holding the Office of Chief Com-miffioner of the Jury Court is now, by virtue of the said recited A61 passed.in the Fifty fifth Year of the Keign of His present Majesty, directed to be paid.

Viewers to attend Trial, and first ciUcd to serve on Jury.

Juit Court made permanent.

Commencement of the new Judicature.

G. c.**. § xi. repealed.

Qualification of Lord Chief Commissioner of Jury Court.

Salary.

48 G.3. c. 45. §1.

59 Geo. III.

C. 35.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

The King by Sign Manual may grant an Annuity to Lord Chief Commissioner or to Commissioner of Jury Court who may have resigned according to 48 G.3. c.45.

Buildings to be erected tor the Court, &c.

7 Ann. c. u 5*0.

10 Ann. c. *6. §.108,

*	of Se/Jioriy Jufticiary and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Refignation 4 of their Offices; i( was enacted, that it (houlcl and might be lawful 4 for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by His Majefty’s Sign

*	Manual, to give and grant unto any Perfon who should have

*	executed the Office of Lord President of the Court of Seffion, or of

*	the Lord Juftice Clerk, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court 4 of Exchequer in Scotland, and who should have respectively resigned 4 any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not ex-

*	ceeding Three fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such 4 Office at the Period of the Refignation thereof, to commence and ‘ to be paid in the Manner and subject to the Conditions mentioned ‘ in the said recited A& : And Whereas it is reasonable and expedient 4 that Annuities should in like manner be granted to the Lord Chief 4 Commissioner, and the other Commissioners of the Jury Court,

*	upon the Refignation of their respective Offices ; and also, that the

*	SuccefTor of every such Commiffioner should in like manner be 4 entitled to have and receive such Salaries and Profits as may arise 4 and become due from the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor,’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeffors, by His Majefty’s Sign Manual, to give and grant unto any Perfon who shall have executed the Office of Lord Chief Commissioner, or of a Commiffioner of the Jury Court, as well before as after the palling of this Adi, and who shall have refpedfively resigned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding Three fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Period of the Refignation thereof, to commence and be payable in all respects in the fame Manner and fubjedfc to the fame Conditions as any Annuity is authorised and diredfed to be granted under and by virtue of the said recited Adi, pafTed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Maielty ; and also that the SuccefTor of every such Perfon, who (haU have executed the Office of Lord Chief Commissioner, or of a Commiffioner of the Jury Court, shall be entitled to have and receive such Salary as shall have arisen and shall have become due from the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor, in like manner as if his Letter Patent or Commiffion had borne date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor.

* XL. And Whereas permanent Accommodation is required for

*	carrying on the Bufinefs of the said Court with proper Convenience 4 for the Judges, and for the Clerks and Officers thereof, and the ‘ Buildings necessary and proper for this Purpofe may be erected so 4 as to be connected with the Buildings now used for the Courts 4 of Seffion, Jufliciary and Exchequer in Scotland;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in 1Scotland, with the Advice and Confent of the Lord High Treafurerand Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, to order and direct such necessary and proper Buildings to be erected for the Accommodation of the Jury Court, and to order the Expence thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in Scotland, which by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen dune, were charged and made chargeable

for

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 85.

115

For keeping up the pourts of Seflion, Jufticiary and Exchequer in Scotland, and to order such Sums to be paid out of such Duties and Revenues as Ihall be from time to time required for such Expence, to the Truflees acting in the Execution of an Aft passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for ’oefing the Stock of the Court of Sejfton in Truflees for the ending Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Jujlice and a public Gaol in the City of Edinburgh ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned; and such Powers and Authorities are hereby given and granted to such Trustees, for the purpose of erecting the Buildings hereby dirested, as are given to the said Trustees for erecting the Buildings* directed by the said last mentioned Aft.

XLI. And be it furtner enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to acquire, and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Heirs of Entail, Guardians, Trustees and all other Perfons and Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of those having the beneficial Interect, whether Perfons under Age, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or fatuous Perfons, or other Perfon or Perfons, and for every other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever who shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds and Heritages, which shall be required for the Purpofes of this Aft, to contraft for, fell and convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the said Trustees for the Purpofes of this Aft; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Affurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Perfons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she or they or any of them, ihall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Aft.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Conveyances and Affurances which Ihall be made of any Lands or Heritages to the said Trustees for the Purpofes of this Aft, ihall be made according to the following Form, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the Cafe will admit s

4 J [nr We]	of

4 in consideration of the Sum of	to	me

4 [or us] paid, do hereby grant, dispone and convey to 4 all [/describing the Premifes to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title 4 and Intereft to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold 4 to the faid	for the Purpofes

4 specified in an Aft palled in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His Majefty- King Geprge the Third, intituled [here fet forth the 4 Tale of this Ad.'] In witness whereof I have fet my Hand to 4 these Presents, written by [infert Name and Defcription of the 4 Writer] this	Day of	in the Year of

4 eor Lord	before	thefe	Witneffes [infert

4 Names and Deferiptions of Witneffes, who will also subscribe as 4 Witneffes Jy

And all such Conveyances and Affurances ihall be registered within Sixty Days of the Date thereof, in the general Regifter of Salines, or in the particular Regifter of Salines of the County of Edinburgh,

I 2	and

48 G. 3. c. 146.

Bodies Politic, Guardians, &c. empowered to sell and convey for the Purposes of this Act.

Indemnity to such Bodies, Ac.

Form of Conveyance to Trustees.

C. 35.

59 GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.



Satisfaction to be made to Bodies Politic, &c.

If Parties cannot agree, Verdict of Jury to be taken.

If Parties are dissatisfied or refuse,or are unable to treat, &c.

Notice.

Particulars

thereof.

Or if Parties entitled cannot be found, or Title not produced, Jury may be summoned ;

and shall thereupon be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be a complete Bar to all other Rights, Titles, Trufts and Interefls and Incumbrances to, in or upon the fame whatsoever.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees or other Perfons hereinbefore capacitated to fell and convey any Lands, Tenements and other Heritages, or any Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages required to be taken for the Purpofes of this Aft, may accept and receive Satisfaftion for the Value of such Lands, Tenements and Heritages, or of any such Interefts as aforesaid ; and from and immediately after the time of making and executing such Sale and Conveyance, or any Contraft or Con-trafts for the fame, the said Trustees purchasing the fame for the Purpofes of this Aft, may and shall be at liberty to enter upon, and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and use the said Lands, Tenements and other Heritages, for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and in case the Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements or Heritages* cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the fame shall be afeertained and fettled by the Verdift of a Jury as is hereinafter directed.

XLIV. And for settling all Differences which may arise between the said Trustees and the several Owners of or Perfons interested in any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages which shall or may be taken or used for the Purpofes of this Aft; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Perfons so interested, for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of any Perfon or Perfons for whom they may hold the fame, or Perfons as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept such Purchafe Money or other Compenfation as shall be offered by them the said Trustees, or their Agent by or on their behalf, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to any Three of the said Trustees within Seven Days after such Offer shall have been made, and the Party or Parties giving such Notice as aforesaid shall therein request that the Matter or Matters in dispute may be fub-mitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Perfons seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Abfence or Difability cannot agree with the said Trustees, or with any Perfon or Perfons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Eftates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce or evince a clear Title to the Premifes they may be in possession of, or to the Intereft they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaftion of the (aid Trustees, or of the Perfon or Perfons authorised by them, then and in every such Cafe the said Trustees shall and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to direct the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the County of Edinburgh, to summon, assemble and choose a Jury, in such Way and Manner as Juries are summoned, assembled and chosen in Counties in Scotland; and the said Sheriff may order and authorise the said Jury when chosen, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matters or Things in controversy; and such Jury (hall

upon

A.D.18/9.

59> GEO. III.

C.S5.

117

upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths of fucli Wit-Defies, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter) inquire of, assess and ascertain, and give a Verdi£l for the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid for the Purchafe of fucli Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or Compenfation for any It.terelb therein as aforesaid ; and the said Sheriff shall give Judgment for fucli Purchafe Money or Compenfation so afieffed by such Jury ; which said Verdidf and the Judgment thereupon shall be binding and con-clufive to all Intents and rurpofes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Perfons whomsoever, and shall not be subject to any Review, or any Stay or Silt of Execution whatever: Provided that Fourteen Days* Notice in Writing at the lealt of the Hour and Place at which such Jury are so required to bs returned be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Perfon or Perfons interested, or claiming so to be, before the time of the Meeting of the said Sheriff and Jury as aforesaid, bv leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of fucii Perfon or Perfons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpe lively intended to be valued ; and in each and every Cafe where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or as a Compenfation for any Interefl therein as aforesaid, than shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Truflees before the Bimmoning such Jury, and where no Compenfation shall have been previously offered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Truflees, or where by reason of Abfence, or other Impediment or Difability, there shall not be found any Perfon or Perfons at hand who may be legally capacitated to contraft with and make Conveyances to or receive Compenfation from the said Truflees as herein^ before mentioned, then and in all such Cafes all the rcafonabte Expences of cauflng such Value or Compenfation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid shall be fettled by the said Sheriff, and be defrayed by the said Truflees ; but if any Verdidl shall be given for the fame Sum that shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Truflees, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered, or in case of such Refufal to treat with or make Conveyances to the Truflees by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever who is or are by the Provifions of this A& or otherwise legally empowered to treat and convey or receive such Compenfation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cafes (except where, by reason of Abfence or otherwise, any Perfon shall nave been prevented from treating and agreeing as afore-laid, in which Cafe all such Cofts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Truflees) the reasonable Cofls and Expences of cauflng such Value or Compenfation to be affefTed and awarded as aforesaid shall be fettled in like manner to the said Sheriff, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the said Truflees shall nave such Controverfies or Difputes; which said Colls and Expences shall and may be deduced out of the Money so assessed and awarded ; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Poipofes to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded aa aforesaid.

I 3

who arc to give Verdict upon Oath of Wit-nesses.

Verdict

binding.

Proviso for Notice of Return of Jury.

When Verdict for more than Money offered.

and no Compensation previously offered, Ac.

Expences borne by Trustees.

Where Verdict for less, or Refusal to treat, &c.

Exception.

Expences borne by Body Corporate, Ac.

Expences deducted out of Money awarded.

XLV. An4

C. 35.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Verdicts to be recorded.

Fee for Inspection.

Power to Trustees to enter upon and take Possession of Land, &c. on Payment or Tender of Purchase Monies.

Payment or Tender a Bar.

Trustees before Payment may not dig for Buildings without Leave of Owner. .

Application of Compensation when amounting to or exceeding aoo’.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Judgments and Verdids shall be deemed to be and shall become Records of the said * Sheriff to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good* Evidence ; and all Perfons shall have liberty to iufped the fame, paying for such Infpedion the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined or adjusted by any Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid, for the Purchafe of any such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and other Heritages and Premises, or such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money or Compenfation respectively, at any time after the fame shall have been so agreed for, determined or awarded; or if the Perfon or Perfons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trultees, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premifes which shall be required for the Purpofes of this A6t; then, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Britljh Linen Company, as hereafter directed and required (in case the fame shall be requifite), for the Ufe of such Perfon or Perfons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or^aay other Perfons authorised by them in their behalf, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds and Heritages respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Ufe, Truit and Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in the said Trustees, in such manner as is directed in and by this Ad, to and for the Purpofes of this Ad, for ever; and such Tender, Payment or Inveftiture shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft and Demand, of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and shall be deemed and construed to bar the Terce of the Wife, and all Right of every other Perfon, and all Incumbrancers whomsoever therein : Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Perfon acting under their Authority, to dig into such Lands or Grounds, for the purpose of erecting the Buildings directed by this Ad, without Leave of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their respective Hands.

XLV 11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be, paid for any Lands,. Tenements or Heritages, or for any other Matter, Right or Interect, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Minor or other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as hereinbefore mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the

Bank

AJD.1819.

59* GEO. III.

C.35.

119

Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Britifb Linen Company, to be placed to an Account in the Name or Names of such Peiifon or Perfons as any Three of the said Trustees shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the intent that fucn Money /hall be applied, under the Diredlion and the Approbation of the Court of Seilion, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary W ay by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Heritages (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid cut and invested, under' the like Diredlion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, which shall be conveyed to, for and upon such and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands, Tenements or Heritages, which shall be so burchafed, taken or used as aforesaid,

Hood fettled or limited, or (uch of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking EfFe6t; and in the meantime, and until such Purchafe shall be made, the Intereft or Annual Produce of such Money shall from time to time 4>e paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Heritages (b hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the When less than Authority aforesaid, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to aocl; and ®x“ be paid tor any Lands, Tenements or Heritages purchased, taken ceedinS acl* or used for the Purpofes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as afore-said, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cafes the fame shall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Briti/b Linen Company, under the Diredlion and Authority of tfie Court of Sefiion, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed • or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making inch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees,

(uch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Intereft arising thereon may be applied ia manner hereinbefore dire died, so far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredlion and Approbation of the Court of Semon.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Au- When less thority aforesaid, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to aoL

I 4	be

C. 35.

59? GEO. lit

A.D.18I9<

Irfeasc of not nuking out Titles, or if Persons to Mhora Money ordered to be paid cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, Sec.; subject to the Order of the Court of Session, upon Motion or Petition.

Cashier of the Bank to give a Receipt.

Vfhere any Question shall arise touching the Title to Purchase Money to be paid in, the Person in possession.of the Lands, &c. at the time of the Purchase deemed entitled thereto.

be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cafes the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages so purchased, taken or used for the Purpofes of this A6t, aB the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, and to and for the Ufe and Benefit of such Perfon or Perfons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be atle to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Three of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Perfon or Perfons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found ; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, be not known or difeovered ; then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Brtttjh Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages [deferibing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Difpontion of the Court of Seflion; which said Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the fame to remain in the Hands of the said Banks, or One of them, or to order the fame to be laid out and in veiled in the Public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Intereft or Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftate or Ellates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhicrs of the said Banks respectively, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufe the fame is or are received to such Perfon or Perfons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Queftion shall arise touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into such Banks in pursuance of^this A&, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purenafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any such Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who shall have been in Poffeflion of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages at the time of such Purchase, and all Perfons claiming under such Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of such Perfon or Perfons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, according to such Pofsession, until, the contrary shall be {hewn to the Satisfa&ion of the said Court of Seiiion j and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to

be

59° GEO. III.

C.3*.

121

be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, or the Capital yielding such Interect, remaining in the Hands of any of the said Banks, shall be paid and applied and dif-pofed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such PofTeffion was a wrongful Pofsession, and that some other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to some Eftate or Intereft therein.

LI I. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where by reason of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Aft, and the Purchafe Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, or One of them, by the Order of the said. Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such Purchafes from time to time to be made in pursuance of this A ft, or so much of such Expences as ths Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commiflioners, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpofes as the said Court shall direct.

4 LI 11. And Whereas the said Trustees may purchase Lands to 4 be made use of for the Purpofes of this Aft, and it may happen 4 that the whole thereof may not be required for the Purpofes of this 4 Aft, and it may in such Cafe become necessary to resell the fame ;* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (hail be lawful for the said Trustees, by Deed under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale, for a Confideration in Money, such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or any such Part or Parts thereof, as shall not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft; and all such Conveyances from the said Trustees shall be valid and effectual, any thing in this Aft contained, or any other Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements and Heritages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame shall be fold, which Receipt shall be sufficient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Perfon or Perfons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication or Non Application of such Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof; Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall fell and difoofe of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, shall first offer to retell the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, or would have been then entitled to in case the fame had not been purchased by the said Trustees, the Price at which the fame shall be refold being, at the Option of the said Perfons, either the Price paid by the said Trustees, or a Price for the fame adjusted and fettled by a Jury in like manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Aft, as hereinbefore directed to be fettled » case of Difference or Difpute as to the Value thereof; and if fuch

Perfon

In csss of Disability, See. of Parsons entitled, the Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases, together with the Costs of the Order, to be paid by the Commissioners.

Trustees empowered to resell Lands, not wanted for Purposes of Act.

Trustees in the first Place to make Offer of Resale to Person from whom they purchased.

If such Person refuse to repur-

C.35,36.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

chase. Affidavit thereof to be made.

Such Affidavit Evidenoe.

55 G. S- c. 4«-continued, save as hereby altered, Ac.

Proviso for Begulations made thereunder.

55 G. 3. c. 4a. §4*, 43.44, repealed.

3G.3. c. II.

33 G.3.C.37.

1

Perfon or Perfons shall not agree, or shall refuse to repurchafe the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be fwom before One of His Majefty* s Juft ices of the Peace for the County where such Lands shall be iituatc, dating that such Offer was made by or on behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Perfon or Perfons did not agree, or refused to purchase such Lands or Buildings, as the case may be ; and such Affidavit shall in all Courts be fumcient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not greed to or refused.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Powers, Authorities, Dire&ions and Regulations, and all other Matters and Things enacted in the aforesaid A & of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, excepting in so far as the fame are by this A& altered, varied, amended, annulled or repealed, shall be and the fame are hereby continued in force, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame were repeated and re-ena&ed in this A&, and made a Part thereof 5 and that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, except as herein enacted, to dimiuifh or invalidate the binding Force and Effe& of the Rules and Regulations made under the Authority of the hereinbefore mentioned A& of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or the Orders, Dire&ions or Judgments of the Courts acting under the Authority of the fame.

* LV. And Whereas it is provided by the said A& of the Fifty

*	fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that regular Returns 4 should be made to both Houfes of* Parliament, of all Proceedings 4 under the said A&, and that Reports should be made of the Num-4 ber of I(Tue8 directed to and tried in the Jury Court: And Whereas 4 it is no longer neceftary to continue the said Proviftons Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Proviftons contained in the said A&, respecting the said Returns and Report to Parliament, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Ad to repeal certain Ads now in force for regulating the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of JLondony and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Aflize is fet i and for establishing other Proviftons and Regulations relative thereto.	[14th	June	1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS an A& was palled in the Third Year of the

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin A3 for explain•

4 ing and amending an A3 made in the Thirty first Tear of the Reign of

*	Hit late Majesty King George the • Second, intituled 4 An A3 for the 4 due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and AJJinc thereof and 4 tojbunifh Perfons who shall adulterate Mealy Flour or Breads* And 4 Whereas another A& was palled in the Thirty third Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend an Ad 4 made in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty King George the 4 Second9 intituled 4 An Ad for the due making of Bread9 and to 4 regulate the Price and AJJi%e thereof and to pumfb Perfons who shall 4 adulterate Mealy Flour or Bready with reJpeS to the time within which

4 certain

59° GEO. IU.

C. 36.

123

4 certain Profecuttons direBed by the said A8 are to be brought: And 4 Whereas another A6t wa3 palled in the Forty first Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to amend an A8 4 made in the Thirty Jixth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4 intituled 4 An A8 to permit Bakers to make and fell certain Sorts of 4 Bread :* And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited A61s, 4 and all other A&s which relate to Bread to be fold out of the City 4 of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills 4 of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no 4 Affize is fet, Ihould be repealed, and that other and more cffedlual 4 Provifions Ihould be established for puniftiing Perfons who shall 4 adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who Ihafl fell Bread deficient 4 in its due Weight, and for better regulating the making and Sale 4 of Bread within the Limits aforesaid : But as such beneficial Pur-4 poses cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said several recited Adis of the Third, Thirty third, and Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every other Adi and Adis of Parliament which relate to the making and felling of Bread, where no Affize is fet; or the Puniih-ment of Perfons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who (ell Bread deficient in its due Weight, so far as respects the Bread, Meal and Flour, to be made and f<3d out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Affize is fet, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to make, bake, fell and expose for Sale, any Bread made of Flour or Meal, of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buckwheat, Indian-Com, Peas, Beans, Rice and every other Kind of Grain whatsoever, and Potatoes, or any of them, and with any common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeail, Barm, Leaven and Potaloe Yeast, and mixed in Tuch Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of Bread shall think fit; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That although no Affize of Bread shall be fet in pursuance of an A61 passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to alter and amend Two Ads of the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Tear of His present Majesty ^ so far as relates to the Price and Affize of Bread to be fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; no Loaf or Loaves of Bread called or deemed Affize Loaf or Loaves, in the Tables of the Affize and Price of Broad annexed to the said last mentioned A61 enacted and referred to, and the Weight of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall be made for Sale, fold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or be allowed to be fold, where any Loaf or Loaves of the Bread called or deemed Priced

Loaf

4X G.$. c. i2.

Recited Acts repealed.

Materials with which Bread may be made and sold.

Asaixed and priced Bread not to be made at the same •time, nor in the same Place.

53 G.3. c. 116.

C. 36.

Sd9 GEO. lit

A.D. 1819.

Penally.

Bakers out of London and the Bills of Mortality, &c. not to use Alum, &c. in making of Bread for Sale.

Penalty.

If not paid, Imprisonment.

Offender's Name, Place of Abode, Ac. published.

Loaf or Loaves in the Tables of the Aflize and Price of Bread, in and by the said A& of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty enabled and referred to, and the Price of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall at the fame time be made for Sale, or be allowed to be fold (that is to fay) no Aflize Loaves of the Price of Three pence, and priced Loaves called Half Quartern Loaves, nor Aflize Loaves of the Price of Sixpence, and priced Loaves called Quartern Loaves, nor Aflize Loaves of the Price of Twelve pence, and priced Loaves called Half Peck Loaves, nor Aflize Loaves of the Price of Eighteen pence, and priced Loaves called Peck Loaves, shall at the fame time be made for Sale, fold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or allowed to be fold by any Baker or other Seller of Bread, in his, her or their Shop, Dwelling House or Premises, that unwary Per-fons may not be imposed upon and injured by buying Aflize Loaves referred to in the said Tables, as or for priced Loaves so referred to in the said Tables, or by buying‘fuch priced Loaves as or for such Aflize Loaves ; and every Perfon who shall offend therein, and be convicted of any such Offence in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magif-trate8, Juftice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be conyidfeed, shall from time to time adjudge and determine.

IV. And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Pei fons making or who shall make Bread for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Perfon or Perfons as last mentioned, shall at any time or times, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Alum or Preparation or Mixture in which Alum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Alum, into the Dough of fych Bread, or in any wife use or cause to be used any Alum or any other unwholesome Mixture, Ingredient or Thing what foe ver in the making of such Bread, on any Account or under any Colour or Preterite whatsoever, upon pain that every such Perfon, whether Mailer or Journeyman or other Perfon, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Consession, or upon the Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, Affirmation) of One or more Witnels or Witnestes, shall on every such Convi&ion forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, or in default of Payment thereof, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magiftrate or Magiilrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be committed to the House of Correction, or some Prifon of the City, County, Borough or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magiftrate or Magiilrates, Juftice or Justices shall think fit to order and dire£l; and it shall be lawful for the Magiftrate or Magiilrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be published in some Newf-

paper



59° GEO. III.

C.S6.

123

paper which shall be printed, published or circulated in or near the County, Division, Riding or Diftri& where the Offence shall be committed, and to defray the Expence of publifiring the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be paid or recovered.

V.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall knowingly put into Corn, Meal or Flour which shall be ground, dreffect, bolted or manufactured for Sale out of the said City of Lon Jon and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, either at the time of grinding, dressing, bolting or in anywise manufacturing the fame, or at any other time or times, any Ingredient, Mixture or Thing whatsoever, or shall knowingly fell, offer or expose to or for Sale any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any thing as or for or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which shall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the fame (hail import to be and ought to be, upon pain that every Perfon who shall offend in the Premiums, and shall be thereof convicted in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Magi (Irate or Magi ft rates, Juftice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit or order and direCt.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Loaf of every Sort of Bread made of the Meal or Flour of any other Gram than Wheat, which shall be made for Sale, or be fold, carried out, offered or exposed in anywise to or for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be marked with a large Roman (M.) ; and that every Perfon who shall make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Loaf of Naiw such Sort of Bread which shall be made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall not be marked as hereinbefore directed, shall for every time he, (he or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in manner hereinafter dire&cd, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Loaf of such Bread which shall not be so marked,' as the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices before whom any such Perfon shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge and determine.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurifdi&ions, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers of any Parifti or Place where any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Perfon who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, and which Warrant any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, at seasonable times in the Day to enter into any House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Boltinghouse, Paftry Warehouse, Outhoufe or Ground, of or belonging to any Miller, Meahnan or Baker, or other Perfon who shall grind Grain or dress or bolt Med or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale as afore-

said,

Adulterating Com, Meal or Flour, whether at the time of grinding, dressing or bolting, Sec. or selling Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain for another Sort;

Penalty.

Loaves made of Meal of any other Grain than Wheat, to be marked with the Letter (M.)

Penalty.

Magistrates or Peace Officers by their Warrants, may search Bakers* Premises.

C. 36.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1619.

Flour adulterated by Person in whose Possession found, &c. Alum, &c.

Seized and carried to Magistrate;

who on adjudging the same to be adulterated, tnay dispose of it as he may think proper.

Bakers in whose Premises shall be found any Ingredients for adulterating Flour, &c.;

said, and to take with him or them, to his or their Affistance, One or more Mailer Miller, Mealman or Baker, Miliers, Mealmen or Bakers, and to search or examine whether any Mixture, Ingredient or Thing, not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be, shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the PofTefiion of such Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in any wife adulterated, or whether any Alum or other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the PofTefiion of any such Baker or other Perfon, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in any wife adulterated; and alio to search for Alum or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Perfon in whose PofTefiion it shall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient shall be found, which shall seem to have been deposited there, in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorised as aforesaid respectively, within the Limits of their respective Jurifdi&ions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated; and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid, and such Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officers authorised as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to some Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, within the Limits of whose Jurifdi&ion the fame shall have been so seized; and if any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juslices, who shall authorise any such Seizure to be made in pursuance of this A£l, or to whom any thing so seized under the Authority of this A6t shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so seized has been adulterated by any unwholesome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or (hail adjudge that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, so found as aforesaid, have been deposited or kept where so found, for the pur-pofe of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in any such Cafe every Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their re-fpeftive Jurifdi&ions, to dispose of the fame as he or they, in his or their Difcretion, shall from time to time think proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Mealman or Baker, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in whose House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Bolting-house, Paflry Warehouse, Outhouse, Ground or PofTefiion, any Alum* or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall, sifter due Examination, be adjudged by any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, to have been deposited there for the purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Con-

session,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. in

C# &&•

127

session, or by the Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, forfeit and pay, on every filch Conviction, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, or in default of Penalty. Payment thereof, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the Magiftrate or Magi (I rates, Juftice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be committed to the Jf n<*

House of Correction, or some other Prifon of the City, County or ImPn80nxnent-

Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender

or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not

exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment,

nnlefs such Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magiftrate or

Magistrates, Juftice or Justices shall think fit and order, unless the Ptotymsy dis-

Party or Parties charged with any such Offence shall make it appear f^TO® hinwdf

to the Satisfaction of the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juf-

tices, before whom any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture Qf tj,e charge.

shall be brought, that such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture

was not nor were brought or lodged, where the fame was or were

found or seized, with any Defign or Intent to have been put into

any Meal, Flour or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the

Purity of any Meal, Flour or Bread, but that the fame was or were

in the Place or Places in which the fame shall have been so found or

feized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose; and that it fhall

be lawful for the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices before

whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offender’s

Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be puhlifhed in some Newf-

paper which shall be printed, puhlifhed or circulated in or near the

County, I>ivision, Riding or DiftriCt where the said Offence fhall

be committed, and to defray the Expence of publishing the fame out

of the Money to he forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be paid

or lwcovered.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Obstructing

shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as hereinbefore is Search, or euthorifed to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough	w

or Bread, or of any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture which ingredients to shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged adulterate it; with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholefomenefs of any

Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or refill any fnch Search being made, on the carrying away any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this A61, he, she or they so doing or offending in any of the Cafes last aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, on being cosvi&ed thereof, forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Forty Penalty. Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Ma-giftrates, Juftice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders mall be convicted, shall think fit and order and dire£l.

X.	And be it further ena6led, That where no Affize is fet, the Weight of the several Loaves hereafter mentioned of every Sort of Bread which •everal Sorts of shall be made for Sale out of the City of London and the Liberties ^oav?a °f thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles ^Assize**, of the Royal Exchange, shall always weigh in Avoirdupoife Weight

as follows, (that is to.fay,) every Peck Loaf shall weigh Seventeen-PnnnH* stir Hnn/^s. ewrr Waif Pwlr T-naf T?irrhf Pounds Eleven

Five Ounces

C. 36.

59= GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Scales and Weights to be kept by Baker, so weigh Bread if required.

Penalty.

Selling Bread abort of Weight.

Penalty.

Penalty not incurred, unless Bread weighed in Presence of Magistrate, and of Offender if he appear on ■Summons, and on Evidence that Bread is then in the same State as herein mentioned.

Proviso fbr French Bread, &c.

Baking and Veiling oo Sundays.

and an Half, every Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf Two Pounds Two Ounces and Three Quarters; and that every Baker and Seller of Bread shall cause to be fixed in some convenient Part of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales with proper Weights, in order that every Perfon or Perfons who may purchale any Bread of any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, (he or they shall think proper, require the fame to be weighed in his, her or their own Prefence; and that if any Baker or Seller of Bread out of the .City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her Shop, or to provide and keep for Ufe proper Weights, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight, or who shall refuse to weigh any Bread pur-chafed in his or her Shop in the Prefence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juft ice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall order and direct.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That every Baker or Seller of Bread out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Tcft Miles of the Royal Exchange, who shall fell and deliver any Peck, Half Peck, Quarter of a Peck, or Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf or Loaves of Bread* which, on an Average of the whole Weight of Bread fold at one and the fame time to any Cuftomer, shall be deficient in its due Weight according to the Weight of the several Loaves as are hereinbefore directed refpedivqly to weigh, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Ounce deficient in Weight, and so in proportion for any Quantity less than One Ounce, as the Juftice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit to order and direct: Provided alu ays, that no Baker or Seller of Bread shall be liable for any Deficiency in the Weight of any Bread, unless the fame shall be weighed in the Prefence of the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be summoned, and of the Offender, in case he or (he shall appear before the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, in pursuance of a Summons, and the Deficiency of Weight thereof afeertained, within Twenty fouj Hours next following the time of the fame having been baked; and unless Evidence be given before such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, to his or their Satisfaction, by One or more disinterested Witnefs or Witnestes, that the said Bread was in precisely the fame State when produced to be weighed before such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, as when the fame was taken from such Baker or Seller of Bread, reasonable and due Allowance being made for such Bread having naturally become dryer during the time intervening between the felling and finally weigning the lame before such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices as aforesaid; and that nothing in this Ad contained shall be construed to extend or to include such Bread as is usually made and fold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread, or Rolls or Cakes.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mailer* Mistress, Journeyman or other Perfon respectively, exercising or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker out of the City of

%	London,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.36.

129

London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Houiehold or other Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or ihall on any Part of the said Day fell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer to be fold or exposed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, except to Traveliers, or in Cafes of urgent Neceffity ; or bake or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Vi&uals, at any time after half past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, or 'in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Bufinefs or Occupation thereof; save and except as aforesaid, and also save and except so far as may be necef-fary in setting and fu peri n ten ding the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Days Baking; and that no Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Vi&uals shall be brought to or taken from any Bakehoufe during the time of Divine Service in the Church, Parifh, Hamlet or Place where the fame is situate, nor within One Quarter of an Hour of the time of Commencement thereof; and every Perfon offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any One or more of them, and being thereof convicted before any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the City, County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, within Two Days from the Conuniffion thereof, either upon the View of such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace, or on Confeffion by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witnefs upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay, and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punifhment hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay,) for the First Offence the Penalty of Five Shillings, for the Second Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings, and for every Third and subsequent Offence respectively, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings ; and shall moreover on every such Convi&ion bear and pay the Cofts and Expences of the Profecution, such Cofts and Expences to be affeffect, fettled and ascertained by the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace convi&ing; and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace shall think proper, to the Profccutor or Profecutors. for Lofs Of time in instituting and following up the Profecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and be paid to the Profecutor or Profecutors for his and their own Ufe and Benefit; and the Refidue of such Penalty to be paid to such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and within Seven Days after his or their Receipt thereof, to be transmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parifh or Parifhes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty and of the Cofts and Expences as aforesaid, be not paid within 'Fhre^ D^ys after the Conviftion of the Offender or Offenders, such Mag: (Irate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals or Hand acj Seal, direct the fame to be levied and raised by Diftrefs and Sale of th ’ Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders; or in de-or Inefficiency of such Distress, to commit the Offender or Ornd.*n to the House of Correction, on a First Offence for any Gi:o. III.	K	.	time

Hours.

Exception for setting and superintending the Sponge.

First Offence. Second Offence. Third and subsequent Offence.

Allowance to Prosecutor for Lo&s of time.

Recovery and Application of Penalty.

190

C. 96.

69° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Miller, Meal-man or Baker, acting as a Justice of Peace in the Execution of this Act; Penalty.

Offences against this Act may be heard in a summary Way by Magistrates within their respective Jurisdictions.

Offender not appearing on Summons, Proceedings.

Penalties may be levied by Distress and Sale.

time nAt. exceeding Fourteen Days, and on the Second or any fubfe-quent Offence, for any time not exceeding Twenty one Days, unlefi the Whole of the Penalty, Cofts and Expences be sooner paid and discharged.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon who shall follow or be concerned in the Bufinefs of a Miller, Mealman or Baker, shall be capable of acting or shall be allowed to ad as a Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace under this Ad, or in putting in execution any of the Powers in or by this Ad granted ; and if any Miller, Mealman or Baker shall presume so to do, he or they to offending in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who shall inform or sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmnfler, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV.	And for the better and more, easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred under this Ad, and the Powers herein contained; be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Mayor or any Alderman of any City, and to and for any other of His Majefty’s Juitices of the Peace or any of them, within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Liberties or Junfdidions beyond the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to hear and determine in a summary Way all Offences committed againil the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and for that Purpofe to summon before them or any of them, within their respective Jurifdidions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad ; and in case the Party accused shall not appear on such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excufe for his Default, then upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, by any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, of any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent an.d Meaning of this Ad, any such Magiftrate or Juftice shall issue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Junf-didion of any such Magiftrate or Juftice; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, she or they shall not appear on Notice being given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, or if he, she or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted against him, her or them, as is hereinbefore directed, then and in every such Cafe any such Magiftrate or Juftice is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witnefs or Witneffes who shall be offered on either Side, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and which Oath and Affirmation every such Magiftrate and Juftice is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required to administer, and after hearing the Parties who shall appear, ana the Witneffes who shall be offered on either Side, such Magiftnf* or Juftice shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties accused; and if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Convidion, shall not be paid within the Space of Twenty four Hours after any such Convidion, every such Magiftrate or Juftice shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurifdi&iouo, and thereby

require

A J). 1819,

S9° GEO. III.

C. 36*

131

require him or them to make Diftrefs of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders within such their respective Jurifdi&ions, to fatiafy such Penalty or Money forfeited, and the Cofts of the Profe-cvdon and Distress; and if any Offender should convey away his Goods out of the Jurifdi&ion of any such Magiftrate or Juft ice before whom he or ihe was convicted, or to much thereof that the Penalty or Money forfeited cannot be levied, then some Magiftrate or Juuice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his Goods, shall hack the Warrant granted by any such Magiftrate or Juftioe as aforesaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied op the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Diftrefs and Sale; and if within Five Days from the Diftrefs being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited and Cofts shall not be paid, the Goods seized shall be ap-praifed and fold, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after deducting the Penalty or Forfeitures, and the Cofts and Charges of the Profecution, Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be afeertained by the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juf-tices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the Magiftrate or Juftice who backed the Warrant, if then alive, and if not, by some other Magiftrate or Juftice of the City, County, Divifion or Place in which the Offender shall have been convicted, on Application for that Purpofe to be made to any such Magiftrate or Juftice; and for want of such Distress, then every such Magiftrate or Juftice within whose respective Jurifdi&ion any such Offender or. Offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Profecutors, and Proof on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, made of the Conviction and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal commit every fuen Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Honfe of Correction of the City, County, Divifion or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, there tp remain for the Space of One Calendar Month from the time of such Commitment, unless after such Commitment Payment (haH be made of the said. Penalty or Forfeiture, and Cofts and Charges, before the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month ; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half shall be paid to the Magif-trne or Magistrates, Juftice pr Juftiees of the Peace, and within Seven Days after bis or their Receipt thereof, to be transmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parifh or Parifhes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof.

XV.	And be it further eaacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath (or Affirmation as aforefaid) of any credible Perfon or Perfons, to the Satisfaction of any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juftiees, that any Perfon or Perfons within the Jurifdi&ion of any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juftiees, is or are likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Profecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this ASt, or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons accused, and will sot voluntarily appear before such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juftiees, to be examined and give his, her or their Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid concerning the Premises, every such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juftiees, is and are hereby aa$orifed and required to issue his or their Summons to Convene

K 2	every

If Goods of Offender removed, Proceedings.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

Power to summon and compel the Attendance of Witnesses.

C. 36.

s&® geo. iii;

A.D.1819.

Witness refusing to attend on Summons;

Proceedings.

Persons refusing to be examined, Proceedings.

Persons forswearing them-selyes;

Peijury.

Form of Conviction.

every such Witnefs and Witneffes before any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, at such seasonable time or times as in such Summons shall be fixed; and if any Perfon or Perfons so fum-moned shall neglect or refuse to appear, after having been paid' or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Cofts, Charges and Exjpences, at the time by such Summons appointed, and no just Ex-cufe shall be offered for such Negleft or Refufal, then after Proof upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned, every fuen Magiftrate and Magistrates, Juftice and Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Perfon or Perfons before any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices ; and on the Appearance of any such Perfon or Perfons before such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, every such Magiftrate or Juftice is and are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation) every such Witnefs; and if any such Perfon or Perfons, on his, her or their Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or Affirmation) concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excufe for such Refufal, any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurifdiction, may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Perfon or Perfon8 so refusing to be examined to the Public Prifon of the City, County, Division, Liberty or Place, in which the Perfon or Perfons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, as any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices,, shall order and direft-

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall take any Oath for Affirmation ) by this Alt directed to be taken, or be examined on Oath (or Affirmation) by virtue or in the execution of this Aft, shall wilfully forswear or shall falsely affirm him-self, herself or themselves, every such Perfon or Penons shall be subject and be liable to be prosecuted for Peijury by Indiftment or Information, according to due Courfe of Law; and if convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties which Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Peijury are subject and liable to.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom any Perfon or Perfons shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Aft, shall cause every such Conviftion to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effeft following } (that is to fay),

.	) BE it remembered, That on this	Day

towu. J- -L> of	in	the	Year	of the Reign

of His present Majesty, A. B. is convicted before

Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of	or9	for	the

Divifion of the said County of or for the City, Liberty or Town, [at the case may be~\ for

and do adjudge him, her or them [at the case may to forfeit and pay for the (ame the Sum of Given under	Hand	and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.1

XVIII. And

A .D.181&

59• GEO- III.

Q.36.

133

XVIIL And be it farther enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Sufpension, shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons convicted of any Offence punishable by this A&, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom he, (he or they shall have been convicted, such Perfons shall have Power from time to time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or General Quarter Semons of the Peace, which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given, ana that the Execution of such Judgment shall in such Cafe be suspended, the Perfon so convicted entering into a Recognifance at the time of such Convi&ion, or within Twenty four Hours after the fame shall be made, with Two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Perfon shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such Appeal with effeCt, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination- of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Seflions; which Recognifance the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom such Convi&ion shall be made, is- and. are hereby empowered and required to take ; and the Justices in. the said General or General Quarter Seflions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Cofts as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party ; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be confirmed, such Appellant or Appellants, shall immediately, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards^ pay down, the Sum he, (he or they shall have been adjudged to have forfeited, together with such Cofts as the said Justices, in their said General or General Quarter Seffiona, shall award , to be paid to the Frofecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in default of the Appellants paying the fame, any Two Justices, or any One Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, having Jurifdi&ion in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, (he or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Divifion or Place where he, (he or they, shall be apprehended, until he, (he or they shall make payment of such Penalty, and of the Cofts and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Convi&ion; but if the Appellant or Appell ants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Convi&ion,. reasonable Cofts (hail be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or Informers,,who would (in case of such Convi&ion) have been entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty to have been recovered as aforefwL and which Cofts shall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like manner as Cofts given, at any' General or General Quarter Seflions are recoverable\ provided always, that no Perfon shall be

K 3	detained

Conviction not removeable.

Appeal.

Recognisance.

Determination-

finaL

Costs.

Default of Payment, Proceedings.

Costs to Ap. pellant making good his Appeal.

59* GEO. IIL

If Conviction happen to be within Six Days of the Sessions, Appeal may then be made to the Sessions following.

Limitation of Actions against Justices or Peace Officers.

Certain Provisions of *4 G. 7. c. 44. extended to JMagistrates acting under the Authority of this Act.

Notice of Action, Ac. against Peace Officer, Ac.

Tender of Amends pleaded in Bar. an^ General Issue.

In case of Nonsuit, Ac.

C.S6.

A.D. 1819.

detained in Prifon for any such Offence for a greater length of time than Six Calendar Months.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Conviftion shall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or General Quarter Seflions of the Peace shall be held for the City, County, Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where such Conviction shall have been made, then the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviftion, shall and may, on entering into Recognifance in manner and for the Purpofes before dirested, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place, where any such Conviftion shall have been made.

XXL And be it further enacted, That every Aftion or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Juft ices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Aft, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An AS for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemm-fying Con Rabies and others aSing in obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said A A relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magiftrate and Magistrates, Juftice and Justices of the Peace, acting under the Authority or in purfuaxrce of this Aft ; and that no Aftion or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Writ be issued out, or Copy of any Writ be served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any thing done in the Execution of this Aft, until Seven Days after Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of AboSt9 by the Attorney for the Party intended to commence such Aftion, which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon intending to bring such Aftion, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Caufe of Aftion or Complaint; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at liberty and may, by virtue of this Aft, at anytime within Seven Days after any such Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained ‘ of; to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in such Notice 5 and if the fame is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aftion or Aftions may plead such Tender in bar of such Aftion or Aftion** together with the General IfTue or any other Plea, with Leave1 of thfe Court in which the Aftion shall be commeneed; and if upon Iflbe joined on such Tender, the Jury shall find Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdift for the Defendant or De^ fcndants; and in every such Cafe, or if the Plaintiff shall become nott* suit, or discontinue his Aftion, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Aftion or Suit shall be brought after the time limited by this Aft for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as1 afore*-

said.

7

AJD. 18 lfc

5$° GEO. nr.

C. 86.

135

laid, then and in every such Cafe the Jury shall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Coils; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not fuffi-cient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleacted, they shall then give a Verdid for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Cofts again ft every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Suit shall be commenced against any other Perfon or Pferfons than a Juftice or other Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Ad, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adion or Suit may plead the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the special Matter m Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if a Verdid shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be. non-fa’ted, or difeontimie his, her or their Adion after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Judgment shall be given upon a Verdid or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adion shall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or' Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law tor the Recovery of his, her or their Cofts.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall be convicted of any Offence under this Ad, unless the Information, in order for such Convidion, shall be exhibited within Fourteen Days after the Offence committed (except in Cafes of Perjury) ; and that no Perfon who shall be prosecuted to Convidion for any Offence done or committed against this Ad, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence under any other Law.

XXIV.	And'be it also enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad inflicted, the Application of which is not hereinbefore directed, shall, when recovered or paid,, go and be disposed of in manner following ; (that is to fay). One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted either by his, her or their Consession, or by the Oath (or Affirmation) of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, shall go and be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall*. inform against and prosecute to Convidion any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof* or in case there’be no such Perfon informing, then the whole thereof shall go and be paid to , the Churchwardens and Overseers of. the Poor of the Parifh or Parifhes, for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh wherein such Offence* shall be committed, in such manner as. the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall in his or their Difcretion think fit.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither this Ad or any thing contained shall extend or be construed to extetod to prejudice' the ancient Right or Guftom of the Two Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge or either of them, or their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Ptadice within the several Jurifdidions of the said Univerfities, or either of them, used, to fet, afeertain and appoint the Affize and Weight of all Sorts, of Bread to be fold or exposed to fale* within their fevdral Jorifdi&iotis.;, but that they and'

K 4	every

Costs.

If DO Tender of Amends, Ac. Verdict for Plaintiff

Limitation of other Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs_

Persons con-victedxinder this Act, not liable to other ' Prosecution.

Application of ;* Penalties..

Proviso for Rights of the* Umvenities,&Cfr.

136

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Commencement of Act.

Public Act.

9 Ann. c. 5. §*•

33 G. 2. c.ac. 51.

41 G. 3. c. iox.

C.36,37.

every of them shall and may Severally and respectively from time to time, as there shall be Occafion, fet, ascertain and appoint, within their Several and respective Jurisdictions, the Aflize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be Sold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Perfon whatsoever within the Limits of their Several Jurisdictions, and shall and may inquire into and punish any Breach thereof fully and freely in all refpeCts, as they used to do, and as if this ACt had never been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That this ACt shall commence and take effeCt from and immediately after One Calendar Month from the palling therepf.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this ACt shall be deemed and taken to be a Public ACt, and shall he judicially taken Notice of as Such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being pecially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Aft for further regulating the Qualification of Members to Serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland\

[14th June 1819.]

4 \\T HE REAS by an ACt pa(Ted in the Ninth Year of the Reign 4 W of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for fc-4 curing the Freedom of Parliamenty by the further qualifying the Mem-4 here to Jit in the House of Commonly it was amongst other Things 4 enacted, that no Perfon ihould be capable to fit or vote as a Mem-

*	ber of the House of Commons, for any County, City, Borough or 4 Place, within that Part of Great Britain called Englandy the Do-4 minion of Wales, and Town of Berwick on Tweed, who should not

*	have an Eft ate. Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for 4 some greater Eftate either in Law or Equity, to and for his own 4. Ufe and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, over 4 and above what would Satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that might • 4 affect the Same, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon 4 Tweed, of the respective annual Value therein limited: And 4 Whereas by an Aft passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign

.4 of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 to 4 enforce and render more efeSual the Laws relating to the Qualification 4 of Members to Jit in the House of Commons, it was enacted, that every 4 Perfon (except as in the Said Aft is excepted) who should be 4 elected a Member of the House of Commons should, at the time 4 and in the manner therein dirested, produce and deliver to the Clerk 4 of the Said HouSe, at the Table of the Said House, a Paper or 4 Account, Signed by Such Member, containing the Names of the 4 Paristies, Townlhips, Precinfts and Counties, in which the Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments lay, whereby such Member should 4 make out his Qualification; and mould also take and subscribe the 4 Oath in the Said last recited Aft mentioned and contained: And 4 Whereas an Aft was made in the Forty first Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for regulating, until the 4 Firjl Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of 4 Controverted Eledions or Returns of Members to serve in the United

4 Parliament

A.D. 1819k

59° GEO. III.

C. 37, 88.,

137

1 ParSament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United

*	Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualification of Members 1 to serve in the said United Parliament: And Whereas it is juft

*	and expedient that the Provifions of the last recited Adi, so far as 1 relates to the Pofleflion of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments 4 within Ireland, as a Qualification for Members to serve in Parlia-4 ment for Places within England and Wales, should be extended to 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within Scotland:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it shall be sufficient that such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereby any Perfon who from and after the pafluig of this Adi shall be elected a Member of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, for any. County, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place within that. Part of the said United Kingdom called Englandor the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland9 shall make out his Qualification in manner by the said Adis of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, directed, shall lie or be either within that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Scotland, or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; any Thing in the said Ads palfed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, or in the said Adi pafTed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to the contrary

CAP. XXXVIIL

An A€t to enable His Majesty to make Regulations with respect to the taking and curing Filh on certain Parts of the Coafts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majefty’s other Pof-fdfions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majesty and the United States of America*

[14th June 1819.]

4 TXT HERE AS a Convention between His Majesty and the United * W States of America was made and signed at London, on the 4 Twentieth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen ; 4 and by the Fim Article of the said Convention, reciting that Dif-4 ferences had arisen respecting the Liberty claimed by the United 4 States for the Inhabitants thereof to take, dry and cure Filh in 4 certain Coafts, Bays, Harbours and Creeks of His Britannic 4 Majefty’s Dominions in America, it is agreed, that the Inhabitants I 4 of the (aid United States shall have for ever, in common with the I 4 Subje&s of His Britannic Majesty, the Liberty to take Filh of every

<	Kind on that Part of the Southern Coaft or Newfoundland whicn « extends from Cape Ray to the Rameau Illands, on the Weflera and

<	Northern Coafts of Newfoundland, from the said Cape Ray to the « Quirpon Istands, on the Shores of the Magdalen Illands, and alfo

• on

The Lands whereby any Person shall make out his Qualification to serve as a Member for any Place in England or Ireland, may lie either in England, Scotland or Ireland.

Convention dated sloth Oct. x8x8.

1

C. 38.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

HU Majesty in Council rrmj moke Regulations for carrying the Convention into effect.

Foreigners and Persons in Foreign Vowels not to fish within a certain Distance of any British Harbour in America riBtiftfi chidedHn th«r

limits^ scribed by the Convention.

Penalty. 1

‘ on the Coafts, Bays, Harbours and Creeks from Mount JoJy on ‘ the Southern Coafts of Labrador, to and through the Straits of ‘ Belletfle, and thence northwardly indefinitely along the Coast,

‘ without Prejudice however to any of the exclusive Rights of the ‘ Hudfons Bay Company ; and it was also by the said Article of

*	the said Convention agreed, that the Amerj^an Fifhermen should ‘ have liberty for ever to dry and cure Fi(h in any of the unsettled ‘ Bays, Harbours and Creeks of the Southern Part of the Coaft of ‘ Newfoundland above deferibed, and of the Coaft of Labrador, but ‘ that so soon as the fame, or any Portion thereof, should be fettled,

‘ it should not be lawful for the said Fifhermen to dry or cure Fifh ‘ at such Portion so fettled, without previous Agreement for such ‘ Purpofe with the Inhabitants, Proprietors or Pofleffors of the ‘ Ground : And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be

*	enabled to carry into execution to much of the said Convention as ‘ is above recited, and to make Regulations for that Purpofe Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, it mall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majefty* 8 Privy Couneil, by any Order cut Orders in Couneil, to be from time to time made for that Purpose, to make fuch* Regulations, and to give such Diredions, Orders and Inftrudions to the Governor of Newfoundland, or to any Officer or Officers on that Station, or to any other Perfon or Perfona whomsoever, as shall or may be from time to time deemed proper and necessary for the carrying into EfFed the Purpofes of the (aid Convention, with relation to the taking, drying and curing of Fi(h by Inhabitants of the United States of America, in common with British Subjeds, within the Limits fet forth in the said Article of the said Convention, and hereinbefore recited; any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IE And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Ad it shall not he lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, not being a'nathral bom Sobjed of His Majesty, in any Foreign Ship, VeflH or Bd&t, nor1 for any Perfon in any Ship, Veflel or Boat, other than such as shall be' navigated according to the Laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to fish for, or to take, dry or cure* any Fi(h of any Kind whatever, within Three Marine Miles of apy Coafts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours whatever, in any Part of His Majefty's Dominions in America, not included within the Limits specified an<f* deferibed in the Inrft’ Article of the said Convention, and . hereinbefore recited; and that if any such Foreign Ship,. Veflel or Boat, or any Perfons on board thereof, shall be found fi thing, a of to have'been fi(hmg, or preparing to fish within such Diftance of such Coafts. Bays, Creeks or Harbours, within such Parts of His tfajeftV’; D ominions in Akerica out of the said Limits as aforfcfaid* all fuck Ships, Veflels and Boats, together with their Cargoes, and aft Gunsi Ammunition^ Tackle, Apparel, Furniture and Stores, shall b!e forfeited, and* shall and may be leized, taken, sued for, prosecuted, recovered* and condemned by (uch* and the like Ways, Means and! Methods, and in the fame Courts, as Ship's, Veflels or' Boats may t>e forfeited, seized, pfofecuted and condemned for any OfFqjice

again!!,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. Ill,

% C.58.

139

atpinfi any Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, or the Laws of Trade and Navigation, under any Ad or Ads of the Parliament of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelands provided that nothing in this A6k contained shall apply, or Proviso for be construed to apply to the Ships or Subjeds of any Prince, Power Vessels of or State in Amity with His Majesty, who are entitled by Treaty Powers emi-with His Majesty to any Privilege of taking, drying or curing Fifli Jj**thereto bJ on the Coafts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours, or within the Limits in this ******

Ad described.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be American lawful for any Fifherman of the said United States to enter into any Fishermen fiich Bays or Harbours of His Britannic Majefty’s Dominions in ^Jf^*** ***<* America as are last mentioned, for the purpose of Shelter and repair- Purpp^herein ing Damages therein, and of purchasing Wood and of obtaining mentioned,sub-Water, and for no other Purpofe whatever; subject nevertheless to ject to such fnch Reftridions as may be necessary to prevent such Fifhermen of the Regulations said United States from taking, aiding or curing Fifh in the faid

Bays or Harbours, or in any other manner whatever abusing the Abuseoftbe faid5 Privileges by the said Treaty and this Ad referred to them, Treaty* and as shall for that Purpofe be lmpofed by any Order* or Orders to be from time to time made By His Majesty in Council under the Authority of this Ad, and‘by any Regulations which shall be issued by the Governor or Perfon exercinng the Office of Governor in any such Parts of His Majefty*s Dominions in America, under* or in pur-fuance of any fnch Order in Council as aforefaicL

IV.	And be it further enacted,' That if any Perfon or Perfons, Refusing upoq upon Requifhion made by the Governor of Newfoundland, or the Requishton, to Perfon exerciftng the Officer of Governor, or by any Governor or

Perfon exererfing the Office of Governor, in any other Parts ofHis obe#bigOfwr»j Majefty* s Dominions in' America as aforesaid, or by any Officer or Officers acting under fticH Governor or Perfon exertifing the Office of Govertiot, in the Executibrf of any Orders 'of InftrUdions frorrf His Majesty in Couneil, shall rtfufe to depart' frorti such Bays or Harbours ; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall refuse or neglect to conform to arty Regulations or DJredions which shall be made or given fbr the Execution* of any of the Purpofes of this Ad ; every such Perfon so refuling or' otherwise offending against this * Ad'{hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds', to be recovered ill the Superior Psnsltjr.

Court of Judicature of the Ifland of' NtiofotSridlahd, or ih the Superior Court of Judicature of the‘Colony or Settlement yrithin of near to which such Offence shall be' committed, or4 by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His'Majefty* s Couttsof Record at' U^efimin/ier;

One Moiety of such Penalty to belong to His Majesty, His Heirs

and Sueceffors, and the other Moiety tb such Perfon' or Perfons

as shall ftie or prosecute for* the1 fame : Provided always, that any Limitation of

fnch Suit or* Profecution, if the fame'be comtfiittedm Ncwfoundtana, ftosscution.

or in any other' Colony or* Settlement, ffiall be commenced within

Three Calendar Months; andj iPcornimertcfedm afty of His Majefty*

Cmm at" Weftitds0er, withitfTwrfte'Calendar Months from the tune oftbe*Contanfi&rfof flxchOfferee.

CAP.

C. 39.

590 GEO. lit

A.D.1819.

46 G.3. c#75. 46 G. 3. c. 76.

46 G. 3. c. 83. 46 G. 3. c. 1 jo.

Receivers General of the Revenue, in manner directed by recited Acts, to make Payments into the Exchequer on such Days in every Week as the Treasury shall direct

1 •

Act maybe altered, Ac. this Session.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Ad for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of the Exchequer at We/lminfler, of Monies arising from the Duties of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage in England.	[ 14th June 1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS all and every the Monies arising by the several 4 VV Revenues of Cultoms, Excife, Stamps and Postage, in 4 England, are by Law required to be paid from time to time weekly 4 into the Receipt of the Exchequer at IVeJtmnfler, by means of 4 Orders made by the Receivers General of the laid Duties refpec-4 tively, upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

4 pursuant to the Diredions contained in Pour several Ads of Par-4 liament made in the Forty lixth Year of His present Majefty’s 4 Reign, intituled An A3 for the better Regulation of the Office of ,4 Receiver General of the Duties of Excife in England; An A3 for 4 the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamps in 4 England 5 An A3 for the better Regulation of the Office of Recetver 4 General of the Poft Office in England; ana An A3 for the better 4 Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Cujloms 4 in Great Britain : And Whereas it is expedient that such Pay-4 ments into the Receipt of the Exchequer should be more frequently 4 made :’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this A (ft the several and respective Receivers General of the Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage in England respectively, and the other proper Officers in that behalf respectively, shall in Manner and Form as dire<fted by the said several recited Ads of the Forty lixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and they are hereby respectively required and strictly enjoined to pay or cauie to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wefbninfler on such Days in every Week respectively, as the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Commif-iioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the said United Kingdom, or any Three ,or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, shall, from time to time, direct, order or appoint, all and every the Monies arising in Great Britain by the several Rates and Duties of Cuftoms, Excite, Stamps and Poftage received by or through the said Receivers General of the said Revenues respectively, and afterwards paid by the said Receivers General respectively into the Bank of England, as directed by the said several recited Ads respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal or alter the said recited Ads of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. or any of. them, except so far as is expressly provided by this Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered* amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this Seflion. of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D. 1819.

590 GEO. III.

C. 40.

Hi

CAP. XL.

An A & to secure Spiritual Perfons in the PofteJEon of Benefices in certain Cafes.	£	14th	June	1819.]

WHEREAS certain Spiritual Perfons haring been possessed of Two Benefices, which they were' lawfully entitled to hold together by virtue of a Difpenfation granted Dy the Lord Archbiftiop of Canterbury, and confirmed under the Great Seal, have afterwards, without having resigned or otherwise vacated One of the Benefices so held by them, obtained a nets Difpenfation to hold another Benefice with One of those Benefices of which they were before possessed, and have thereupon been put into the Pot-feffion of such other Benefice, by Nomination, Licence, Inftitution,

Collation and Indu&ion, as the Nature of the said Benefice might require: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether, for want of the previous Refignation or other Vacation by such Spiritual Perfons of such One of the Benefices before possessed by them by Difpenfation, as was not intended to be held with the last taken Benefice, the subsequent Difpenfation was valid in Law, and whether not only the Benefice intended to be made void, but also the other Benefice so previously possessed by such Spiritual Perfons, and intended to be held by them with the other Benefice by virtue of such subsequent Difpenfation, have not been rendered void: And Whereas it would be most injurious to the Spiritual Perfons who now hold Benefices which may have been so inadvertently rendered mid, and to the Patrons of the said Benefices, by means of Lapfe to the Bishop, or the Archbiftiop, or the Crown, if Advantage of such Avoidance should be taken ; wherefore, and for the Relief of such Spiritual Perfons and Patrons/ Be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cadent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, ilat in every Cafe which has occurred before the palling of this Securing Bene-AA, where a Spiritual Perfon has obtained a Difpenfation to flees in certain hold a Benefice to which he had been nominated, presented, or Cases where was to be iicenfed or collated, with a Benefice which he had held	*

with another Benefice by virtue of a former Difpenfation, without holding another haring in due time before resigned or otherwise vacated the other Benefice tliere-Beoefice included in the former Difpenfation, and where, for want of with, such previous Refignation or Vacation, the Benefice held by such Spiritual Perfon by the former Difpenfation, and intended to be secured to him by the subsequent Difpenfation, may have been rendered void, it shall not be lawful for The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, or any other Patron or Patrons, or for His said Majesty, or any Archbiftiop or Bilhop, having the Right of Nomination,

Mentation, Licence or Collation, by reason of Lapfe or otherwise, to any Benefice which may have been so rendered void, to nominate, present, license or collate to any such Benefice by reason of the fane having been rendered void in the manner before mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Perfon now incumbents of holding a Benefice, which may have been rendered void at any time such Beneflccs Wore the pafling of this A ft, in the manner before mentioned, shall to enjoy the ind may, notwithstanding such Avoidance thereof, continue hence- Emoluments.

forth

142

C.40, 41.

59° GEO. HI.

A.D. 181*.

And all Acts and Deeds done by such Spiritual Person valid.

Proviso for Bight of Patron to nominate to such Benefices on Death or designation, Ac. of Incumbent

Officers of Health annually to be appointed at Vestries by Inhabitants of Parishes in Cities and largo Towns.

forth to hold and enjpy the fame, and the Fruits, Advantages, Emoluments and Profits thereof, and shall be and be taken to be, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatsoever, the lawful Incumbent thereof, in* the fame manner as if the Refignation or other Vacation of the other Benefice held therewith by virtue of the former Difpenfaticta had been duly made prior to the subsequent Dtfpenfation, and such subsequent Difpenfatioc had been good and valid in Law; and that every Spiritual Perfon now holding a Benefice, which may have been so rendered void, shall, notwithstanding such Avoidance, be taken to have been the lawful Incumbent thereof since such Avoidance happened, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatsoever ; and that all Afts and Deeds whatsoever, which have been done, performed and executed by the Spiritual Perfon or Perfons now holding, or who shall have held any such Benefice since the Avoidance thereof, in the manner before mentioned, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatsoever, as if such Avoidance had not taken place; any Law, Statute, Canon, Ufage or Cultom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding y it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, to place & aforesaid Spiritual Perfons, whose Benefices have or may have become void in the manner before mentioned, precisely in the lame Situation, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatsoever, as if no such Avoidance had taken place.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft shall extend, or be conilrued to extend, to prevent the Patron or Patrons of any Benefice, which may have been rendered void in the manner before mentioned, from nominating, presenting, licensing or collating to such Benefice, on the Death, Refignation or Ceffion, or other lawful Caufe of Avoidance of or by the Spiritual Perfon now holding any such Benefice, in the fame manner as if this A& had not palled ; save and except as to the Avoidance made before the pafling of this Aft, in the .Manner and under the CircumfUnces particularly mentioned and fet forth herein.

CAP. XLI.

An Aft to eftablHh Regulations for preventing Contagious

Difeafes in Ireland.	[[14th June 1819.]

€ TTTHEREAS it has become highly expedient to provide for

*	VV and secure constant Attention to the Health and Comforts

*	of the Inhabitants of Ireland, and for the Prevention of Contagious i Disease, more especially in the Cities and great Towns thereof; i and that for that Purpofe Officers of Health should be annually ‘ appointed in all Cities and large Towns, and that such Officers

*	(hould also be appointed in such Towns, Parifhes and Villages

*	in the Country, as shall think it proper or necessary to adopt 1 such a Measure;> Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within Ons Calendar Month next after the passing of this Aft, and within One Calendar Month after the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year One thoufond eight hundred and twenty, and in every subsequent Year, in every City and Town in Ireland\ which shall contain One

thoufand

A-D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 41.

148

tbouiand Inhabitants, or upwards and in every City and large Town where the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit to direct that this Ad shall be carried into effect, the Inhabitant Householders of each and every Pari/h in such City or Town, afiembled in Veftry, shall and they are hereby required to elect and appoint any Number of Perfons not less than Two, and not more than Five, to be Officers of Health for such Pariih, for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March next after such Eledion, and until new Officers of Health shall be h like manner appointed for such Pari(h for the Year ensuing.

II.	And be it further enacted, That such Officers of Health, so to be elected and appointed, shall ad in the Execution of this Ad without any Salary, Fee or Reward whatsoever; and that the Expences to be incurred by such. Officers in the Execution of their Duties under this Ad, not exceeding such Sums as shall be specified and determined on, and limited and dirededat the Veftry to be aflem-blcd for the Choice of such Officers, or at any subsequent Veftry to be called by the said Officers, shall be railed and levied on the Inhabitants of such Pariih, in such Manner and Form as other parochial AffeAments are raised and levied, and shall by the said Officers of Health be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad ; and the Expenditure thereof shall be accounted for by the said Officers in such manner as other parochial Afiefiments are accounted for, and either st such times as other Afiefiments are accounted for according to Law, or at such other times and Periods of the Ye#, and as often from time to time as shall be directed at the Veftry to be afiembled for the Appointment of such Officers, or at any other Veftry to be called by Two Inhabitants of such Pariih; and that Copies of all such Accounts shall once in every Year, before the Twenty fifth Day of April in each Year, be tranfraitted by such Officers of Health to such Public Officer, or Office or Place in Dublin, as shall be from time to time directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitant Houfeholders of any Pariih, Town or Place whatever, in Veftry afiembled, in any Part of Ireland, to appoint such Officers of Health for such Panffi, in case they shall think fit and expedient so to do; and to raise such Sum and Spms of Money to be levied and accounted as directed by this Ad, in like manner as by this Ad is required to be done in Cities and large Towns as afmaicL

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Perfon shall be compelled or compellable to ad or serve as such Officer of Health, in anj Pariih or Place, for any longer Term than One Year, nor to ad or serve as fpeh Officer for any Year commencing within Three Yean after the End of any Year for which he (half have served as aforehrid.

V.	Provided alfb, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitant Houfeholders of any Pariih in any County,

a, Town or Place in Ireland, to elect the Churchwardens pf Pariih for the time being to be Officers of Health under this Ad, in case they shall think fit so to do j and it shall be lawful (or such Churchwardens, and they are hereby authbrifed and required, .	to

Officers to set without Salary.

Sums requisite for Execution of this Act to be raised by parochial Rates.

Expenditure accounted for.

Copies of Accounts transmitted by Officer to Dublin.

Parishes in any Part of Ireland may appoint Officers, and rake Money.

No Person compellable to serve longer than a Year, Ac.

Churchwardens may be elected Officers of Health.

59° GEO. III.

On Parish, &c. neglecting, Sessions to appoint Officers of Health;

and limit and raise Money.

Powers of such Officers of Health as to cleansing Streets,

Houses, &c.

Constables, &c. to aid.

Dn want of Power in Magistrates, or Neglect of Scavengers, &c. to cleanse Streets, the Officers of Health may order them to be cleansed, &c.

C. 41.

A.D. 1819.

to aft as such Officers of Health accordingly, under the present Provilions of this Aft.

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any City or Town as aforesaid, containing One thousand Inhabitants, or where the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct this Aft to be carried into execution, in case the Inhabitant Houfeholders in any Parifti or Parities in such City or Town shall neglect or refuse to elect and appoint such Officers of Health, within such time as is required by this Aft, or as shall be required by any Order of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace afiembled at the Quarter Seffions, or any Adjournment thereof, for the County, City or Town within which such Parifh shall be (ituate, and the said Justices are hereby authorised and required, to appoint such Officers of Health in and for such Parifli, and also at the fame time to appoint and limit what Sum shall be raised by A(Te(Tment on such Parifti for the Puipofes of this Ad, and such Sum shall and may be raised and levied accordingly, in like manner as any other Parifti Affeffments, and as if the fame had been authorised by the Veftries of such Paristies, and shall be applied and accounted for in manner hereinbefore directed.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Perfons so to be appointed Officers of Health, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, t& cause and direct all Streets and Lanes, and all Yards and Courts adjoining thereto, and all Houfes let in several Tenements to Room Keepers, and the Yards, Gardens or Places belonging to such Houses, to be cleansed and purified, and all Nuifances prejudicial to Health to be removed therefrom ; and all Public Sewers to be cleansed, and where necessary, to be covered over, and all Lodgments of (landing Water to be filled up or drained off; and also to cause and direct all other Matters and Things to be done for the Ventilation, Fumigation and cleansing of any House whatever, in which Fever or other Contagious Diftemper shall have occurred, and for the waihing and purifying the Perfons and Clothes of the Inhabitants of every such Houle, as shall appear to any such Officer of Health to be indispensably necessary for the Preservation and Security of the Inhabitants of such Parifti against the Danger of Contagion, unless due Precautions shall have previously been taken for such Purpofes by the Inhabitants of such House; and it shall be lawful for all Conilables and Peace Officers, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to be aiding and assisting to such Officers of Health in the doing all Matters and Things what-foever in the Execution of this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in any Parifli or Pariffies in any City or Town where any such Officers of Health shall be appointed as aforesaid, and where no Power or Authority is or faafl be veiled in or given to Magistrates or Corporation of such City or Town, to regulate the sweeping and cleansing of the Streets therein, and the collecting and disposing of the Dirt, Dung and Filth of the said Streets, and also in any City or Town whatever, where tlx Scavengers or other Perfons who shall be entrusted with or contrafi for the cleansing and sweeping of the Streets, under the Direction ol the Magistrates or Corporation or not, shall neglect or omit to deaafi

aoc

AJEU9T9.

59° GEO. III.

* C.* 41 •

145

and Arecp the Streets and LanCuJf such City or Town, twice at kaft io every Week, it shall and may be lawful for such Officers of Health to cause and direct such Streets to be swept and cleansed, and the Dirt, Dung and Filth collected from the fame to be fold and disposed of, and the Produce thereof to be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft, and in diminution of the Charge on the Parifh for which such Officers shall be appointed : Provided always, that in all cases where the Magi ft rates or Corporation of any City or Town have or shall have Power and Authority to regulate the sweeping or cleanfmg of the Streets, or where any Scavenger or other Perfon shall be appointed or shall have controlled for that Purpose, the said Officers of Health shall rive Twenty four Hours’ Notice to the Chief Magiftrate of such City or Town, and to the Scavenger or other Perfon controlling for the cleaniing of such Streets, of the Neglect or Omiffion to sweep and cleanse the fame ; and that at the Expiration of such Twenty four Hours, in case the said Streets shall not be duly swept and cleansed, it shall be lawful for the said Officers of Health to caofe the fame to be swept and cleansed, and the Produce thereof to be disposed of as aforeiaid, any Aft, Charter, Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And for the preventing the Danger of Contagion and other' Evils, from the unrestrained Intercourfe of strolling Beggars, Vagabonds and idle poor Perfons seeking Relief, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may he lawful for any One Juftice of Peace, within his Jurifdiction, or for any Churchwarden of any Parifh in any City, Town or Place in Ireland, or for any Officer of Health appointed in any Parifh in pursuance of this Aft, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, to apprehend all idle poor Perfons, Men, Women or Children, and all Perfons who may be found begging or seeking Relief, or strolling or wandering as Vagabonds within any Parifh or Piace, and to direct and cause all such idle Perfons, Beggars and Vagabonds to be removed and conveyed out of and from such Parifh and Place, in such manner and to fnch Place as the Nature of the Cafe may require; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Juftice of the Peace, upon his own View, or upon the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Officer of Health, to commit any such strolling Beggar or Vagabond, or idle poor Pmon, to any Bridewell or House of Correction, or other public Place of Confinement, for any time not exceeding Twenty four Honrs previous to their Removal or Departure out of such Parifh ; and it shall and may be lawful for any Churchwarden or Officer of Health m such Parifh, during such Period of Twenty four Hours,' to cause the Perfons and Clothes of such idle poor Perfons, Beggars or Vagabonds so committed, to be washed and cleansed; and it mall be lawful for the Justices of any County, City or Town assembled at any Quarter Seffions or Adjournment thereof, to constitute and appoint any suitable unoccupied Building to be a Bridewell or Place of Confinement for such idle Perfons, Beggars and Vagabonds, with the Content and Approbation of the Owner of such House or Building, and to apply to and agree with such Owner for such Purpofe accordingly; and every Beadle, Constable and Peace Officer within then reipeftive Diftrifts or Jurifdiftions, shall be and are hereby reQuired to be affifbmt to the said Justices of Peace, Churchwardens ad Officers of Healthj in such Apprehension, and Confinement and ffi Gjso. III.	X*	Treatment

Where Magistrates have Power, &Cm Officers to give Notice of Neglect to cleanse Streets, Ac.

Justices, Churchwardens, and Officers of Health, empowered to remove Beggars, Ac.;

or commit to House of Correction, Ac.

Such Beggars, Ac. to be cleansed, and Quarter Sessions may constitute unoccupied House, Ac. to be a Place of Confinement for the above Purposes.

146

Resisting Orders of Justices, or Officers of Health;

Penalty.

not paid. Imprisonment.

In Action for executing Act,

General Issue.

Costs.

ftj G. 3. c. 82.

C.' 41, 42, 43.	59" GEO. III.	A.D. 1819.'

Treatment of such idle poor Perfons, Beggars and Vagabonds, pursuant to the Provifions of this A 61.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall refill or oppose any Juftice of Peace, Churchwarden or Officer of Health, in the Execution of the Powers of this A6k, or in the doing or performing of any Matter or Thing in the Execution of this A61, every such Perfon or Perfons so guilty of refitting or opposing shall, on Conviftion thereof before any Two Justices of Peace or Magistrates within their Jurifdi6lion, on the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witnefs, or on the Con-feffion of the Party so offending, incur such Penalty, not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as such Justices of Peace or Magillrates shall in their Difcretion think proper to adjudge and inflict 5 or in failure of making payment of such Fine, such Offenders shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corredlion for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months ; and no such Conviftion shall be qualhed for Informality, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise, nor subject to any Appeal whatever.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if«any A&ion shall be brought against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this A6t given or required, the Defendant or Defendants may in every such Suit plead the General IfTue, and give this A61 and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and in every Cafe where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit shall fail, the Court in which such Suit shall be carried on shall award Coils to the Defendant or Defendants.

CAP. XLIL

An A£l for railing the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.	[2lft	June	1819.3

[Th 'u Ad is Jtmilar to former A8s.]

CAP. XLIII.

An AGt to authorise the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Mod Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden% in aid of the Public Service.

[2ift June 1819.3

*	TT THE REAS the Mott Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camdm € W did, on the Eighth of February in the Year of our Lord One « thousand eight hundred and seventeen, propose to the then Chancellor 9 of the Exchequer, in the then distressed State of the Country,

<	to pay, in aid of the Public Revenue for the Exigencies of the « State, from the Fifth Day of April then next ensuing, whatever 9 Fees, Perquifites or Emoluments he might receive in right of his 9 Patent Office of One of the Four Tellers of His Majefty’s Ex-

*	chequer, beyond the Sum which was ena6ted to be paid to each of ‘ the Four Tellers of the Exchequer by an Aft patted in the Twenty

*	third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A.&

9 for effabli/bing certain Regulations In the Receipt of His Mayefo**

<	Exchequer, and beyond the Charge of the EiUblittuneiit of the faidL

« Office:

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 43.

14;

‘ Office : And Whereas the said Marquis Camden then dated, that it * was not his Intention to resume or retail! to his own Ufe, out of ( the Fees, Perquifites or Emoluments of his said Office, during the 4 Period he might continue to hold the fame, any larger or greater 4 Sum than the Amount so specified in the said recited A6t: And 4 Whereas the Sum of Eight thousand two hundred twenty live 4 Pounds Eleven Shillings, being the Surplus of such Fees, Per-4 quifites and Emoluments over and above such Amount as aforesaid, 4 for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight 4 hundred and eighteen, was paid*by the said Marquis Camden in aid 4 of the Public Service of the said Year, under the Provifions of an 4 A & passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for continuing to His Majesty certain * Duties on Malty Sugary Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on 4 Penjionsy Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England ; and for receiving 4 the Contributions of Perfons receiving Penjtonsy and holding Offices, 4 for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and seventeen / 4 which A€t has since expired: And Whereas it is highly expedient 4 that a Memorial ihould remain, recording the just Senfe entertained 4 by Parliament of the Public Spirit and aifinterefted Conduft of the 4 said Marquis Camdeny in making during his Life this large Sacrifice 4 of Private Fortune to the Service and Neceffities of his Country ; 4 and it is also necessary that Provifion ihould be made for carrying 4 into effect the Intention of the said Marquis Camden;9 Be it therefore tna&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafuiy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irckmdy or any *Jnrce or more of them, or for the Lord High Tieafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to give such Directions as may be necefiary for carrying into effeCt the laid Intentions of the said Marquis Camdeny and from time to time for receiving and giving full and fufiicient Difcharges for all such Surplus Fees, Perquifites and Emoluments aforesaid, as shall accrue by virtue of the Patent to the said Tellerfhip of Marquis Camdeny tor the Period which has elapsed since the Expiration of the said A€t of the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, from Year to Year, during tne time the said Tellerfhip shall continue to be held by him ; and further to direct that all and every such Sum so contributed shall from time to time be paid into the Office of One of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britainy and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confo-fidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

57 G. 3. c, $.

Treasury to give Directions to the Exchequer, for giving effect to the Marquis Camden's Intention.

L 2

CAP.

H8

' C.4L

59^ GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

SI 0.3. c.53* §!•

46 G.3. fc.J4.

Certain Offences com-milted on Land in the Bay of Honduras, to bo tried there under a Com. mission under the Great Seal.

Powers of the Commissioners

CAP. XLIV.

An Ad to amend an Ad paired in the Fifty seventh Tear of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Punifhraent of Mureters, Manslaugliters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majefty’s Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Mureters, Manflaugliters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Honduras.

[aift/tfw 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Ad passed in the Fifty seventh Year of

*	W His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the more effectual 4 Pumjhment of Murders and Manflaughters committed in Places not 4 within His Majejly's Dominions, it was among other things provided

*	and enacted, that from and after the pafliiig of that Ad, all 4 Murders and Manflaughters committed, or that shall be committed c on Land at the Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, by any Perfon

*	or Perfons redding or being within the said Settlement, shall and 4 may be tried, adjudged and punished in any of His Msyefty’s

*	Istands, Plantations, Coionics, Dominions, Forts or Fadories, under

*	or by virtue of The King’s Commiflion or Commiffions which 4 shall have been, or shall hereafter be, issued under and by virtue of

*	an Ad passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty,

4 intituled An A3 for the more ftctdy Trial of Offences committed m 4 dijiant Parts upon the Sea: And Whereas Doubts have arisen 4 whether in the laid Settlements in the Bay of Honduras, there be a 4 Fort or Fadory to which a Commiflion may issue for the Trial 4 of Offences under the said last mentioned Ad s And Whereas by 4 reason of such Doubts, and the great Delay and Difficulty of 4 removing Offenders in Honduras for Trial to England, or to any of 4 His Majefty’8 Istands, Plantations, Coionics, Dominions, Forts or 4 Fadories, such Crimes do oftentimes escape unpunifbedFor Remedy thereof, be it enacted, by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all Mureters, Manflaugliters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed, or that shall be committed on Land, at the said Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within the said Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, under or by virtue of The King’s Commiflion or Commiflion8, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four or more difereet Perfons, as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the time being, shall from time to time think fit to appoint, in the fame manner as is provided and enacted with respect to any Crimes directed to be enquired of, heard, determined or adjudged, under and by virtue of any Commiffion issued under and by virtue of the aforesaid Ad of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, in any of His Majefty’s Istands, Plantations, Coionics, Dominions, Forts or Fadories.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three of them, shall have such and the like

Powers

JLB.IS19.

59° GEO. III.

149

C. 44, 45.

Power* and Authorities for the Trial of all such Mureters, Man* ibagliters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries, committed within such Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, as any Commiilioners appointed or to be appointed under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty have, or would have, for the Trial of any Offences committed upon the Seas ; and all Perfons convicted of either of the said Offences lo to be tried by virtue of any Commiflion to be issued accordjpg to the Directions of this Aft shall be subject and liable to, and Ml suffer all such and the fame Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, as by any Law or Laws now in force Perfons convicted of the fame respectively would Be subject and liable to in case the fame were refpefthrely enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within any of His Mdjefty’s Istands, Plantations, Colonies or Dominions, by virtue of any Commiflion made according to the Directions of the aforesaid Afts of the Forty sixth and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty, or either of them ; any Statute, Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall repeal or affect the Provifions of an Aft palled in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AS to proceed by Commffmn \of Oyer and Terminer against such Perfons as /ball confefs Treason, et cetera, without remanding the fame to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed\

IV.	And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this present Seffion of Parliament.

C A P, LXV.

An Aft to explain and amend certain Afts relative to the Court of Seffion in Scotland\	[2 2d June	1819.]

4 XJU PEREAS by an Aft palfed in the Forty eighth Year of the * W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad concerning 4 the Administration of Jufice in Scotland, and Appeals to the House of 4 Lords, it was enacted, that the Judges or Lords of Seffion should 4 usually fit in Two Divisions, and the Lord President of the whole 4 Court and Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Seffion should form 4 On* and the First of the said Divisions, and the Lord Juftice Clerk 4 for the time being and Six of the Ordinary Lords of Seffion should 4 form the other and the Second of the said Divisions: And Whereas 4 by another Aft palfed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An AS for abridging the Form of extraSing 4 Decrees of the Court of Seffion in Scotland, and for the Regulation of 4 certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Courts it was enacted, that 4 the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Divifion of the Court 4 of Seffion, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second 4 Division, should be relieved from Attendance in the Inner House,

4 and should, from and after the palling of the said Aft, not fit 4 therein, but lhould fit as Lords Ordinary in the Outer Houle : And 4 Whereas by another Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the better •4 Regulation of the Court of Seffion in Scotland, it was enacted, that the 4 Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Divifion of the Court 4 of Seffion, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second

Ju 3	4	Divifion

appointed under such Commission.

Pains, &c. to which Persons convicted liable.

Proviso for Stat. 33 H. 8. c. 13*

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

48 G.3. c. IJI.

$1*

50 G. 3. C.II3.

53 G. 3. c. 64. Ji.

59" GEO. III.

150	C.	45.

A.D.1819.	|

In case of a Vacancy n the Inner House of either Division, a Judge may be removed from the one Division to the other.

In what Case Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary may sit.

Proviso in case of a Vacancy among the Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary.

*	Divifion of the Court of Seffion for the time being, should officiate 4 as permanent Lords Ordinary, in the manner therein directed: And 4 Whereas a Vacancy has arisen in the Second Divifion of the Court

*	of Seffion by‘the Death of One of the Two Ordinary Judge*

4 officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein, and Vacancies

*	may arise in either of the said Divifions by the Death or Refignatioa

*	of some One or more of the Judges fitting in the Inner House, as 4 well as by the Death or Refignation of some One or more of the 4 Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein;

4 and Circumftances may arise wnich may make it desirable that a 4 Judge fitting in the Inner House of One of the said Divifion*

4 should fit in the Inner House of the other of the said Divifion*;

4 and it is expedient that the Power of His Majesty fhould

4 declared in such Cases:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, upon a Vacancy arising by the Death or Refignation of any of the Judges fitting in the Inner House in either of the said Divifions of the Court of Seffion, to order and direct, by a Warrant under His Majefty’s Sign Manual, that any One of the Judges fitting in the Inner House of the Divifion where the Vacancy shall not have arisen (if such Judge shall desire it), shall fit in the Divifion where tne Vacancy mail have arisen ; and that the Vacancy thus created in the said Division, from which the said Judge shall have been removed, shall be supplied by the Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Outer House, who shall thereafter be enabled to fit in the Inner House of the said Division, although such Junior Judge shall not have been appointed to fit in the said Division; or if no Judge fitting in the Inner House of the Divifion where the Vacancy shall not have arisen, shall desire to fit in the Divifion where the Vacancy shall have arisen, that the Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in either of the said Divifions shall be enabled thereafter to fit in the Inner House of that Divifion in which the said Vacancy shall have arisen, although such Senior Judge shall not have been originally appointed to fit in the Divifion where such Vacancy shall happen.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Vacancy shall arise in either Divifion among the Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary thereirf, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTorsr, by a Warrant under His Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct that the Senior of the Ordinary Judges officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Divifion where the Vacancy fhaM not have arisen, if he shall desire it, and if he shall not defier it, then that the next Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Divifion where the Vacancy shall not have arisen, if such Judge shall desire it, shall fit in the Divifion where the Vacancy shall have arisen ; and where a Vacancy shall arise among the Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary in the Second Division, then the Junior or last appointed Judge for the time being, of the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Division, shall be appointed in

manner

A.D.181%

59* GEO. III.

C.45,46.

151

manner directed by this Ad to fit in the Second Division, and so long u he shall continue One of the Two Junior Ordinary Judges therein, /hall officiate as One of the permanent Lords Ordinary therein, in the manner directed by the said last recited Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore-said, That in the Cafe of the Removal of any of the said Judges from the One of the said Divifions to the other of the said Divisions, such Judge shall have Rank and Precedence in the Divifion to which he shall be removed according to and from the Date of his original Appointment to fit in the Divifion from which he shall be removed.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Cafe of the Junior or last appointed Judge ot the First of the said Divifions being removed to the Second Divifion pursuant to this Aft, it shall be competent to the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof, to appoint the other Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary to officiate each Week by rotation as Ordinaries in the Bill Chamber and in Teind Precedes, and other Matters mentioned in the said last recited Ad, in the manner therein directed in the Cafe of the Death, Resignation, Sicknefs or necessary Abfence of such Junior or last appointed Judge.

V.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all other Cafes where an Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary shall be removed from the One of the said Divifions to the other oi the said Divisions, it shall and may be lawful for the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof, to remit the Precedes then depending before such permanent Lord Ordinary in the manner directed by the said last recited Ad, in the Event of the Death, Refignation or Removal into the Inner House, of any of the said permanent Lords Ordinary.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Ad and the said Three recited Ads shall be construed together u the fame manner as if this Ad had made Part of the said last recited Ad*

CAP. XLVI.

Proviso as to Rank and Precedence.

Proviso in case of the J unior or last appointed Judge of the First Division being removed.

Proviso in the other Cases of Removal under this Act.

This Act and recited Acts construed together.

An Ad to abolish Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony or other Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining I due and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.	[aad June 1819.]

*	TTTHEREAS Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony and other ‘ W Offences, and the Manner of proceeding therein, have been

*	found to be oppressive 5 and the Trial by Battel in any Suit, is a 1 Mode of Trial unfit to be used; and it is expedient that the fame « should be wholly aboli(hed :* Beit therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Appeals of and after the palling of this Ad, all Appeals of Treason, Murder, Murder or Felony or other Offences, shall cease, determine and become void; other Offences and that it shall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, at any loceMe* time after the passing of this Ad, to commence, take or sue Appeal

of Treason, Murder, Felony or other Offence, against any other Peribn or Perfons whomsoever, but that all such Appeals shall, from henceforth, be utterly abolished ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

L 4

II. And

152

C. 46, 47.

59° GEO. lit

A.D.1819.

No Tenant received to wage Battel, nor Trial had by Battel in Writ of Right*

Persons implicated in Bribery, not • being Candictates, examined as Witnesses and snaking a faithful Disclosure, indemnified.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in any Writ of Right now depending, or which may hereafter be brought, instituted or commeneed, the Tenant shall not be received to wage Battel, nor shall Iflue be joined nor Trial be had by Battel in any Writ of Right; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVII.

An Aft to indemnify Perfons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Eleftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnjlaple, in the County of Devon.	[22d June 1819.]

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled have palled a Bill, intituled An A3 4 for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the EleBion of Members 4 to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County 4 of Devon : And Whereas it is alleged that there hath been notorious 4 Bribery and Corruption at Elcftions of Burgestes, or to procure 4 the Eleftion of Burgestes, to serve in Parliament for the said 4 Borough of Barnjlaple s And Whereas it is necessary to examine as 4 Witneffes at the/Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, io 4 respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption, several Perfons not 4 having been Candidates or a Candidate for the (aid Borough: And 4 Whereas the Evidence of such Perfons may lead to Difclofure*

4 tending to expose them to penal Confequences s And Whereas 4 it is expedient to indemnify such Perfons, as they are hereinafter 4 indemnified, upon their truly and faithfully making such Difclofure * and Difcovery as hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adviee and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for the more effectually prosecuting the said Enquiry, that all and every Perfon and Perfons, not having been Candidates or a Candidate for the said Borough, who may or hath been or may have been implicated or engaged in such alleged Bribery and Corruption, at or connected with any Eleftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Barnstaple, and who shall be examined as Witneffes or a Witnefs "at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal touching such alleged Bribery and Corruption, and who shall upon such Examination make a true and faithful Difcovery and Difclosure, to the bess of his, her or their Knowledge touching all Afts, Matters and Things to which he, (he or they shall be (o examined, shall be, and lie, she and they is and are hereby freed* indemnified and discharged of, from and against all penal Aftioos, Forfeitures, Punifhments, Difabilities and Incapacities, and all criminal Profecutions, which he, (he or they may have been or may become liable or subject to, or which he, (he or they may have incurred or may incur, at the Suit of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors* or any other Perfon or Perfons, for or by reason or means of or in relation to any Aft, Matter, or Thing done or committed by such Perfon or Perfons in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption,

refpefting

AJD.181*.

59° GEO. III.

15S

C.47,48.

refpe&ing or concerning which such Perfon or Perfons ihall be so examined as aforesaid, and shall make such true and faithful Difcovery and Difdofure as aforesaid.

IL Provided always, and be it further enacted, that this Aft or any thing herein contained shall not extend or be deemed or con-(trued to extend' to give any Benefit or Advantage to, or to indemnify, free or discharge any Perfon or Perfons from or against any Forfeitures, Penalties, Punifliments, Difabilities or Incapacities, or any Profecutions, who, being examined as aforesaid, shall give any feMe Evidence, or make any false Difcovery, or suppress or refute fully and truly to difdofe any Ad, Matter or Thing within his, her or their Knowledge, touching or concerning which such Perfon or Perfons shall be so examined as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always. That it (nail be lawful for all Perfons who shall be so examined as aforesaid, upon any A&ion or Profecution commenced or instituted, or to be commenced or militated, of or in respect of any of the Matters to which they ihall be so examined as aforesaid, to give in Evidence upon the Trial of such A6bon or Profecution Copies of the Entries contained in the Journals of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of such their several Examinations; and that such Copies shall be conclusive Evidence, upon the Trial of all such A&ions and Profecutions of the Fad of the Examination of such Perfons, and of the Queftions proposed to such Perfons, and of the Anfwers given by them to such Queftions.

CAP. XLVIII.

An A£k to amend an Ad passed in the Fifty fifth Tear of His prefeat Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shreiv/bury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commiflioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menat Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Fetry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglefea.

[2d July 1819.]

* 55 G. 3. c. 152. 58 G. 3. c. 101. $ 23. 5 G. 3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. “ c. 69. 47 G. 3. c. xvi. fefT. 1. recited. Commiflioners under 55 G. 3. ** c. 153. empowered to build a Bridge over the Menas Straits, § 1. u Waterway of 500 Feet. Roadway. § 2. Power to make use of ** certain Common Lands in the Parifh of Llandijilio, and other ** Lands and Grounds where necefiary, on making Compenfation. § 3. u Power to cause certain Quarries to be opened, and Stone raised w therefrom, on the North Eaftem Coaft of Anglefea. § 4. Power to u make an Approach to the South East End of the Bridge from the “ Bangor Road. § 5. Commiflioners may purchase Porthaeth'wy or “ Bangor Ferry. § 6. Bodies Politic and incapacitated Perfons 44 empowered to fell. Conveyances at the Expence of Commiflioners, 44 and, on Request, attested Copies thereof to be delivered to Perfons 44 mterefted. $ 7. Satisfaction to be made to Perfons felling. § 8 " If Parties cannot agree as to Purchafe Money, a Jury to determine “ therein. § 9. Sheriff or other Officers neglecting Duty, Penalty ,	“	20I.

Not to extend to Persons giving false Evidence, or suppressing any Matter in Quotion.

In cases of Actions, Copies of Entries of Examination may be given in Evidence.

I5i	C.48.	'	5D’ GEO.	Ilf*	A.D.181*.

“ 20I. Perfoii3 summoned bn Juries not attending. Penalty. Wit-44 neflcs not attending, 8cc. Penalty. $ io. Perjury. $ ii. No Claim 44 for Damage to be sustained, unless Notice thereof be given within 44 Six Months. § 12. Cafes in which Expence of Jury and Witpeffes 44 to be paid by Commiflioners. In what Cafes such Expences to be 44 paid by the Perfons treating with the Commiflioners. $13. Lands 44 to be veiled in the Commiflioners, on Payment or Tender of the 44 Value or Amount of Damages. § 14. Verdifts of Juries to be 44 recorded at Quarter Seflions of Anglefea. Fee for Infpeftion, kc»

44 § 15. Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Re-44 coveries. § 16. Within 30 Days after the Bridge is completed,

44 Commiflioners to pay the Sum agreed for or awarded to be paid,

44 &c. § 17. Application of Purchafe Money when amounting to 44 or exceeding 200I.—§ 18. Application where Purchafe Money 44 is less than 200I. and above 20I.—§ 19. Application when Money 44 is less than 20I. — § 20. In default of Tide, Money to be paid 44 into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the 44 Court of Chaneery, subject to the Order of the said Court,

44 on Motion or Petition. £21. Where any Queflion shall arise 44 as to the Tide to Money so paid into the Bank, the Perfon 44 in Pofleflion of the Lands, &c. shall be deemed entided. $ 22.

44 In Cafes of Incapacity, dec. Expences of Purchafes to be paid 44 by the Commiflioners as the Court of Chancery shall direct. § 23.

44 Commiflioners empowered to fell and convey Lands purchased 44 by them, and not wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft. Offer of 44 Refale to be firll made to the original Proprietors or Vendors.

44 Price to be fettled by a Jury, in case of any Difference. Affidavit 44 of such Perfons not agreeing to repurchase. § 24. No Perfons, 44 Carriages, Cattle, &c. not employed in the Conftruftion of the 44 Bridge, &c. to pass the said Straits otherwise than by the present ,	44 Ferry, until the Bridge is completed. Penalties. Justices of Peace

44 for the County of Anglefea may hear and determine Complaints.

44 If Penalties directed not paid, Diflrefs and Proceedings. Penalties 44 not to be enforced where the usual Ferry Tolls have been paid or 44 tendered. § 25. Compenfation to be made by Commiflioners to the 44 Owner of Bangor Ferry. How assessed. § ao. Deftroying Works, 44 Felony ; mitigated to Petit Larceny. § 27. Drawing any Timber 44 otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, &c. Penalty. § 28. Placing 44 Rubbifh upon the Bridge, 8cc. Penalty. § 29. The Bridge, wh^n 44 completed, shall be made over to the Commiflioners under c. 30. ante. 44 $ 30. Commiflioners may erect Turnpikes on the Bridge, and take 44 certain Tolls. § 31. New Road from the new Bridge in Anglefea 44 to Holyhead to be fet out. Part of the Road between London and 44 Holyhead to be repaired, 8cc. $ 32. Road from Porthactb<wy Ferry 44 to Holyhead veiled in the Commiflioners. Provifo, if the Truflees 44 approve and the Creditors assent. § 33. When new Road is com-44 pleted, the Powers of 5 G. 3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. c. 69. and 47 G. 3. 44 c. xvi. fess. 1. to cease, &c. $ 34. Mortgages of Tolls, &c. 44 amounting to 2863I. to remain in force, § 35.; and to be a 44 Charge on the Tolls, bearing IntereR at 5 per Cent. Commiflioners 44 to pay such Intereft. § 36. Surplus of Money, after paying 44 Intereft and Expences, to be applied in Difcharge of the Mortgages. 44 § 37. Road to be made from Maltraeth Marjh to Llangefni, $ 38., 44 and al£o a Branch of Road to Bodedern, § 39., .to be deemed

2	44	common

I

AJX1819.

89* GEO. Ill,

C41

155

“ common Highway*. $ 40. Embankment to be made on the Stanley 44 Sands, and Swirel Bridges constructed over Penrhos River. Satis-44 faction to be made. Embankment and Swivel Bridges taken as 44 Part of Road. § 41* Perfonsto be appointed to open such Bridges 44 for Pafiage of Veffels. Perfons not immediately palling, Penalty.

44 f 42. Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead given up by Com-44 mimoners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to Commiilioners under c. 30. <* ante. $ 43. Commissioners to erect, &c. Turnpikes, and take 44 Tolls. ToUs. Application of the Tolls. $ 44. His Majesty, “ &c. exempted from Tolls, f 45. Tolls payable only once a Day 44 at the fame Turnpikes. Exceptions. Colle£tor to deliver Ticket.

44 4 46. Toll payable at Four Gates only on the fame Day. § 47. 44 Composition may be made for Tolls. § 48. Additional Toll of 41 23. a head for every Beall in the Drove above 20 palling the 44 Bridge. § 49. Powers given by 55 G. 3. c. 152. for obtaining 44 Materials and making use of Lands, to extend to c. 30. ante. § 50. 44 Materials veiled in Commiilioners. How Property to be Hated in 44 A&ions, dec. Commiilioners may fell, dec. such Materials. § 51. 44 Commiilioners empowered to take down Houses, &c. making 44 Satisfaction to Owners, Sec, § 52. Mifnomer, or wrong Defcrip-44 tions in the Schedule, not to prevent the Execution of 55 G. 3. 44 c. 152.—§ 53. Inn to be built at Cat*Mon, When Owner of 44 Cae-Mon shall have completed such Inn, the Commiilioners under 44 55 G. 3. c. 152. are to reimburse him. § 54. No Houses, &c. 44 to be taken without Confent of the Owners, except fqch as are 44 specified in the Schedule. § 55. Bridge to be completed in Four 44 Years, or Powers to cease. § 56. Treasury to advance to the 44 Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. any Sum not exceeding 44 123,0001. for building the Bridge over the Menai Straits; which 44 Sum shall be repaid with Interell at 5I. per Cent, per jinn. § 57. 44 Application of the Tolls. 500I. yearly retained for keeping tlic 44 Bridge in Repair, and the Remainder paid in to the Exchequer, 44 till the Money advanced is paid with Interell at 5I. per Cent. per 44 Ann. c. 30. ante. § 58.

LIX. AND be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Pollmaller General for the time being, and he is hereby required, from and after the palling of this A6t, to charge and levy on all Letters and Packets conveyed by Poll to and from any Part of Great Britain and Ireland, or from any Part beyond the Seas to any Place within Ireland, or from any Place within Ireland to any Place beyond the Seas, by the Way of Dublin and Holyhead, in addition to the Rates and Duties now payable by Law for the Conveyance by the Poll of such Letters and Packets, the Rates and Duties following ; (that is to fay), for a Single Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of One Penny 5 for a Double Letter and Packet, he additional Sum of Two pence; for a Treble Letter and Packet, .he additional Sum of Three pence ; and so in proportion an additional Sum of One Penny, according to the Rate of Increafe of the PoHage of Letters now ellablilhed by an A61 palled in the Fifty second Year of His Majelly’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majcjly certain additional Rates of Poftage in Great Britain ; and all the Powers and Authorities given by Law for the Recovery of the Poftage of Letters shall be in force and applicable to such additional Duty hereby imposed, and the fame shall be charged, paid and regulated

by.

Additional Rate of Postage to be paid.

$2 G. 3. c. 8?.

k

C. 48, 49*

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Money arising by additional Rate of Postage to be paid over to the Receiver General as by 54 G. 3. c. 88.

37 G.3. c.43.

by, and be subject to the fame Rules, Regulations and Exemption*, as are now by Law in force as to the Rates and Duties payable on such Letters.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money arising from the said additional Rate of Poftage by this Aft imposed, shall be paid over from time to time to the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Poll Office, in the fame Manner and at the fame Time as other Sums of Money are directed to be paid ♦over to him by an Aft palled in the Fifty second Year of His Majeuy*s Reign, intituled Ad A3 for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Pojlage in Great Britain ; and the said Receiver General shall, at the times when he shall pay the other Rates and Duties by him received into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer, pay over also into the said Receipt all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be received by him for or on account of the said additional Rate of Poftage hereby imposed (the necessary Charges for paying, colled-ing and accounting for the fame being firlt dedufted), diftmguifhing the fame in his Accounts, and paying such Sum and Sums of Money for and on account of the said Commissioners appointed by the said Aft of the Fifty ninth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign ; and the. said Sum and Sums of Money so paid shall be carried to the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

%c Accounts of Receipts and Dilburfements of Commissioners under <c the c. 30. ante, with a Report of the Progrefs made in the Works u to be laid before Parliament. When the Money advanced is paid off, “ Certificate thereof shall be published in the Gazette. § 61. The ** Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to render an Account to ** Treasury of Money advanced for building the Bridge over the “ Menai Straits, and to His Majesty and Parliament; § 62. Penalties “ and Forfeitures, how to be recovered. § 63. Conviftion of Of-

fenders. Form. § 64. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of Form. f< Party aggrieved by Irregularity may recover Damages and Cods. €‘ § 65. Plaintiff not to recover without Notice of Aftion, nor after

Tender of Amends. § 66. Appeal to Quarter Seffions. Notice “ of Appeal. Seffions may mitigate Forfeitures. § 67. Limitation u of Aftions. Where laid. Pleading. $ 68. Proceedings not “ removable by Certiorari. § 69. When Bridge and Roads are “ completed, c. 30. ante, to extend to this Aft. Exception. Schedules « (A),{B). § 70.

CAP. XLIX.

An Aft to continue the Reftriftions contained in several Afts on Payments in Cafli by the Bank of England, until the Fitft Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Refumption of such Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver.

[ad July 1819.]

*	\T7HEREAS an Aft was passed in the Parliament of Great

1 VV Britain, in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His

*	prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for confirming and continuing for a

*	limited time, the Rejhri&ion contained in the Minute if Council of the

* Twenty

A.D.1819.

59°t3EO. III.

C.49i

157

1 Tmentyfxtb of February One thousand fovea hundred and ninety /even,

4 n Payments of Cajb by the Bank ; which A & was continued, under 4 certain Regulations and Reftridions, by another A61 made in the 4 Dud Parliament in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid ; and by an 37 G. 3. c. 91. 4 Ad made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3- c. 1*

4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the Proviiions contained in the 4 find last recited A£t of the Thirty seventh Year, were amended and 4 continued; and by an Ad made in the Forty second Year of His 4* G. 3-1 present Majefty’s Reign, the several Proviiions of the said Ads 4 palled in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the fame are 4 amended and continued by the said Ad pafied in the Thirty eighth 4 Year aforesaid, and also the recited Ad of the Thirty eighth Year 4 aforesaid, were further continued ; and by an A6k passed in the 4 Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the several Pro- 43 G. 3*c-1^

4 nfioni of the said Ads pafied in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid,

4 so for as the fame are amended by the said Ad passed in the Thirty 4 eighth Year aforesaid, and continued by the said Ad of the Forty 4 second Year, were further continued and amended ; and by an Aft 4 made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the 44 G. 3. c. z.

4 several Proviiions of the said A6U pafied in the Thirty levcnth 4 Year aforesaid, so far as the fame are amended by the said Ad 4 palled in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, and continued and 4 amended by the said Ad of the Forty third Year aforesaid, were 4 further continued ; and by several Ads pafied in the Fifty fourth, 54 G. 3. c. 99* 4 Fifty fifth. Fifty sixth, and Fifty eighth Years of His present S5 G.3*c**8 4 Majefty’s Reign, the said recited Ad of the Forty fourth Year has 3* «■ 4®* 4 been continued, and is now in force, until the Fifth Day of July 58 G*c'

4 One thousand eight hundred and nineteen : And Whereas an Ad c. 23. ante.

1 was pafied in the present Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to 4 nfhrnmt until the End of the present Seflton of Parliament, the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cajh 4 under certain Notices given by them for that Purpofe : And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the Reftridions on Payments in Cafh by the said 4 Sank fhouid be continued beyond the time to which such Reftric-4 tions are at present limited, and that a definite Period fhouid be 1 fixed for the Termination of fuefi Reftridions, and that preparatory 4 Meafures fhouid be taken with a view to facilitate and ensure, on 4 the Arrival of that Period, the Payment of the Promiffory Notes of 4 the Bank of England in the Legal Coin of the RealmBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several Proviiions of the said hereinbefore recited 37 G. j.c- 45* Ads pafied in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty seventh 37 G. 3. cjm* Yor of His present Majefty’s Reign, so far as the fame are amended bj the said Ad pafied in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty and 43 G. v eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and by the said Ad of c. 18. and also thc Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for continuing c.*3* ante tad amending the fame, and also of the said hereinbefore recited continued.

Ad of this present Seflion of Parliament, and each and every of the bid Ads, shall be and the fame and every of them is and are hereby father continued, until the First Day of. May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and that from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftridions

59* GEO. Iir.

Between FeU i, and Oct. i, i8acv Bank shall pay in Standard Gold for Notes tendered to an Amount not less than the Value of 6c oz., calculated after the Rate of 4^. is. per 01.

Between Oct. f, 1820, and May 1, 1821, such Payments shall be made iiv Gold calculated after the Rate of 3I. 19s. id, per os.

Between May 1, 1821, and May r, 1811, such Payments shall be made in Gold calcu* lated after tto Rate of 2l- 17s. ic^d.

c.49.

A.D.181&

flriftions on Payment* in CaiK under the said several Atts shall finally Ceafe and determine.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred' and twenty, and before the First Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and twenty, whenever any Perfon shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the Card Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold of the Finenefs declared by Daw to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Kealm, the fame having been first assayed and (tamped at His Majefty's-Mint in London, as (hal], at the said Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, whenever any Perfon shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not left than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful -Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first assayed and (lamped at His Ma-jefty’s Mint in London, as shall, at the said Rate of Three Pound* Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence fqy every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so prelented for Payment.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Perfon shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first assayed and damped at His Majefty’s Mint in 'London, as shall, at the laid Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment.

V. And

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 49.

159

V. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, at any time between the laid First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the said Firil Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to pay and deliver to any Perfon who fall present Notes of the said Governor and Company of the said Bank, such Quantity of Gold of such Finenefs as aforesaid, and allayed and stamped as aforesaid, as shall be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented, at any Rate less than Four Pounds One Shilling and not less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence tor every Ounce of such Gold; and in like manner at any time between the First Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to pay and deliver such Gold at any Rate less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence, and not less than Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of such Gold: Provided always, that the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall give Three Days' Notice in Toe London Gazette of their Intention to make such Payments after such Rates, specifying the Rates at which such Payments shall be made; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the GoUSmor and Company of the said Bank of England, at any time after making such Payments at the Rates mentioned in any such Notice, to pay or deliver any such Gold at a Rate higher than the Rate mentioned in any such Notice; any thing in this Adi to the contrary notwithstanding.

VL Provided also, and be it enacted. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be required or compelied, to pay or deliver any such Gold, except in Ingots or Bars of the Weight of Sixty Ounces each, aftayed and stamped as aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England to pay any Fradlion less than Forty Shillings of any Sum so demanded above the Value of Sixty Ounces, in the lawful Silver Coin of the Realm.

fall. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if they shall fee fit, may at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand; any Provifions in the said before recited Adis, or in this Adi, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, from time to time after the palling of this Ad, and until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred aid twenty three, cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officer, of the average Amount of all Promiffory Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company which shall be in Circulation during every Week, from Monday until Saturday both indufive, distinguishing the respective Denominations and Values of the several Notes and Bills, and the average Amount . of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value respectively so in Circulation, and to cause such Account to be transmitted and “	delivered

But the Bank may between Feb. I, and Oct. i, 1820, make Payments at any Rate less than 4L it* and not lesa than 3L 19s. 6d. per os., and between Oct. I* ihc, and May 1, 1821, may pay at a Rate lesa than 3]. 1 vs. 6d, and not less than 3I. x;s. icjd.

Such Payments may be made in Ingots of 60 ox.

Fractional Sums under 4C8. to be paid in Silver Coin.

Bank may pay in Coin on or after May 21. 1822.

Bank to deliver to Privy Council weekly Accounts of Average Amount of their Notes in Circulation ;

c. 40.

5$° GEO. IIL

A. D. 1810.

1

and also take and publish in , die London Gazette as Quarterly Account.

Gold and Silver Coin may be exported and melted.

delivered to one of the Clerks of His Majefty’s 'Privy Couneil, on the Tuefday in every Week next enfutng the Saturday to which such Account shall be made up; and the laid Governor and Company shall also from time to time, in like manner, cause an Account to be taken and attested of the average Amount of all Promiffory Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company which shall be in Circulation during every Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of QEtober, the Fifth Day of Januaryy and the Fifth Day of April in every Year after the pamng of this A61, and until the Firfl Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, distinguishing the respective Denominations and Values of the several Notes and bills, and the average Amount of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value rcipeftively, and to cause such Quarterly Account to be published in The London Gaxette within One Week next after the End of each Quarter respectively.

‘ X. And Whereas the Laws now in force again ft melting and ‘ exporting the Gold and Silver Coin of the Realm have been found

*	ineffectual, and it is expedient that the Traffic in Gold and Silver

*	Bullion should be unreftrainedBe it therefore enacted. That from* and after the passing of this Aft it '(hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to export the Gold or Silver Coin of the Realm to Parts beyond the Seas, and also to melt the Gold and Silver Com of the Realm, and to manufacture or export or otherwise dispose of the Gold or Silver Bullion produced thereby; and no Perfon who shall export or melt such Gold or Silver Coin, or who shall manufacture, export or dispose of such Builion, shall be subject to any Reftriftion, Forfeiture, Pain, Penalty, Incapacity or Difability whatever, for or in respect of such melting, manufacturing or exporting the fame refpeCtively; any thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-



XI.	And for the removing all Doubts and Uncertainties with respect to various Provifions in divers ancient Statutes again ft melting and exporting of Gold and Silver, be it further enacted, That so 9 E. 3. at a.	much of a Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King

^ *• 3*	Edward the Third shall be repealed, whereby it is provided, that no

religious Man nor other shall carry any Sterling out of the Realm of Englandy nor Silver in Plate, nor Veffel of Gold, nor of Silver, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Money, Plate or Veffel that he shall so carry without The King’s Special Licence; and also that so much % of the said Statute shall be repealed, whereby it is provided that no Sterling Halfpenny nor Fartning be molten for to make Veffel or any other thing by Goldfmiths nor other, upon Forfeiture of the Money so molten, and that the Goldfmith or other which shall have so molten such Money shall be committed to Prifon, and there shall remain till he shall have yielded unto The King the One Half of that he hath so molten ; and that also so much of a Statute made in the 17 E. 3. c. f. Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the said King Edward the Third shall be repealed, whereby it is accorded and assented, that good and lawful Men shall be assigned in the Ports of the Sea and elfe-where, where need shall be, to make Search that no Silver be carried out of the Realm, neither in Money nor otherwise, and that the dud Searchers shall have the Third Part of the good Mdney which they shall find upon the Sea, passing out of the Realm; and also that la

much

C .49.

161

AJ>.,181*

53° GEO. III* .

nodi of the Statute of the Staple, or Ordinance of the Staples, made in the Twenty seventh Year of the {aid King Edward the *7^*3 Third, shall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that none carry out X4# of The King’s Realm $md j^ands the old Sterling; and also that so. auch of the Statute n&dp in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign E* 3* *•K of the said King Edouard the Third shall be repealed, whereby it it c* enacted, that none dEry^>ut of the Realm Gold or Silver, in Plate nor in Money; *nd also that so much of the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second shall be re- S R* *• *•f * pealed, ^hereby it is afiented and accorded, and The King enjoineth c* * * *' all mtftner of People, Merchant!, Clerks and other, as well Strangers a Denizens, of what Eftate or Condition they be, upon pain ot as much a9 they may forfeit, that none of them upon the laid Pain, privily nor openly, do fend nor carry, nor cause to be sent or carried out of the Realm, any Gold or Silver in Money, Builion, Plate or Veflel, neither by Exchanges to be made nor in any other manner whatever, except the Wages of Calais and of other Tne Kang’s For-treffes beyond the Sea, and especially excepted the Prelates, Lords and others of the fame Realm to whom sometimes it behoveth ne-ceflhrily to make Payments beyond the Sea, that of such Payments only they may make Exchange in England by good and sufficient Merchants to pay beyond the Sea, special Leave and Licence being therefore first had of our Lord The King, as well for the Exchangers as for the Perfon which ought to make the Payment, containing ex-prefsly the Sum which shall be so exchanged; and whereby it is assented that the Merchants who so shall make the said Exchanges Hull be diligently examined and sworn, in their proper Perfoos, as‘ often as they shall have the said Licence, that they will not fend beyond the Sea any manner of Gold nor Silver under the Colour of the fame Exchange j and that if, after Proclamation of the said Ordinance, any Perfon be from thenceforth duly attainted that he had caafed to be sent or carried beyond the Sea any Gold or Silver; again!! the said ReRraint and Ordinance, he should forfeit to The King the fame Sum so carried or sent; and also that so much of the*

Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the said King 17 B. a. c. z* Richard the Second shall be repealed, whereby it is ordained and assented, that no Groat or Half Groat shall be moken by any Man, to make any Veflel or other thing thereof, and that no Man shall tend Engtijh Money into Scotland, to change the fame in Money or for Money of Scotland; and also that so much of the Statute made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth shall be a H. 4* c. 5. repealed, whereby it is ordained and established, that if any Searcher ot the King may find Gold or Silver in Coin; or in Mafs, in the keeping of any that is about pafling or upon his Pafiage in any Ship or Veflel to go out of any Port, Haven or Creek of the Realm, without The King’s Special Licence, all that Gold or Silver shall be forfeit to The Eng; and also that so much of a Statute made in the Second 1H.6. c. 6. Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth shall be repealed, whereby it ii ordained and eftablifned, that no Gold or Silver shall be carried out of the Realm, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Value of the Sum of Money which shall be carried out of the Realm, to be levied of him that shall bring, carry or fend it out; and that he which efpietb the fame, and thereof givetH Knowledge to the Couneil, or to the •' Treasurer.of England, shall have the Fourth Part of the Forfeiture so 59G30.TII.	*	M	dup

162

C. 40.

50° GEO. IIL

A.D.1819.

4 H.c. 13-

13 & 14 C. 7. c.31.

and all other Laws as herein mentioned relating to melting or Exportation of Gold and 8ilrer Coin, dec. repealed.

6 Sc 7 W.3. *«7«$J-*7-

7 ic 8 W. 3. c. 19. C 6. vepeaiadL

doe to The King; and also that so much of an Aft made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An A8 against carrying away of Coin, Plate, Vcjfcls or Jeweli out rf tbit Realm, /hall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that no Perfon dwelling or inhabiting within this Realm pay or deliver wittingly by way of Exchange or otherwise, to any Merchant or other Perfon, Stranger, born out of The King’s Obeifange, for any Merchandifei ■or Wares, or in any otherwise, any manner Pieces of Gold coined in this Realm, or in any other Realm, or any Plate, Veffel, Mafi Bullion nor Jewels of Gold wrought or unwrought, upon pain to forfeit and lose the double Sum or double Value of all such Money of Gold coined, Plate, Veffel, Mafs Bullion or Jewel of Gold or Silver, paid, delivered or exchanged contrary to the said Aft; and also that an Aft made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 to prevent the Inconvenience ariling by melting the Silver Com of this Realm, shall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that no Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully melt or cause to be melted, any of the current Silver Money of this Realm, under the Pains, Penalties and Difabilities in the said Aft mentioned ; and the several recited Provifions of the said several Statutes and Afts, and the said recited Aft of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other Law and Laws,* Aft and Afts in force immediately before the pafling of the said last recited Aft, whereby the Melting or Exportation of Gold and Silver Coin, or the Exportation of Mot ten Gold or Silver, or Bullion of Gold or Silver, was prohibited or restrained, shall be and the fame are and is hereby repealed, except only so far as relates to any Suit, Aftion or Information which at the time of the pafling of this Aft shall or may be depending, with relation to any Offence again (I the said Statutes or Afts respectively or any of them.

XII. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Aft, so much of an Aft made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An A8 to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, shall be repealed,

. as requires the taking, administering, or Certificate of any Oath, that no Part of any Molten Silver intended for Exportation, was before the fame was molten the current Coin of this Realm, nor Plate wrought 'within this Kingdom; and also that so much of the said Aft shall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that if any Broker or Brokers, not being a Trading Goldfmith or Refiner of Silver, shall buy or fell any Bullion or Molten Silver, every such Perfon shall suffer for every such Offence Imprifonment for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize5 and also that so much of the said Aft shall be repealed, as authorises the Wardens or Afliftants of the Company of Goldfmhhs of London, or any Two Justices of the Peace, to ieizc as unlawful Bullion any Molten Silver, which before the melting thereof was the current Coin of this Realm, or as requires any Offender in whose Poffeffion unlawful Bullion shall be found, to prove or Oath that such Bullion was not the current Coin of the Realm ; anc also that fb much of an Aft made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intitule*: An A8 to encourage the bringing Plate Into the Mint to bi coined, atm for the remedying the ill State of the Com of the Kingdom, shall lx

repealed

A.D.18I9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 49.

16$

repealed, as requires 'the taking, administering, or Certificate of any Oath, that no Part of any Molten Silver or Million whatsoever to be Hupped for Exportation, was before the feme was molten the Coin of this Realm, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom; and also that lb ranch of the (aid last mentioned A6k shall he repealed, as imposes any Penalty or Forfeiture or Incapacity on the Captain or Mailer of any Ship or VefFel, who (Kail knowingly permit or suffer Molten Surer or Bullion to be put on board his Ship or Veflel; and all the hid recited Provifions of the said several AAs are hereby repealed accordingly.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That nothing Nothing herein in this AA contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any A A or AAs, or any Part of any A A or A As in force in Great Britain or Ireland, so far as the fame relate to the Prevention, of dipping, frr DeteAion or Punishment of the Offences of clipping, washing, round- the Coin of ing, filing, impairing, diminishing, falsifying, healing or lightening of Kingdom, the lawful Coin of the Realm $ or to the infliAing any Pain, Penalty or Forfeiture on any Perfons guilty of such Offences, or guilty of buying or felling, or knowingly having in their Cuflody any Clippings or Filings of such Coin ; and that from and after the palling of this A A, before any Perfon or Perfons shall transport or cause to be tnn(ported any Molten Silver whatever. Oath shall be made before Certain Oaths the Wardens of the Company of Goldfiniths in London, or one of them, by the Owner or Owners of such Mohen Silver, and likewise by one credible Witnefs that the fame is lawful Silver, and that no silver or Part thereof was, before the fame was molten, Clippings of the cur- Builion; rent Coin of this Realm, which Oath the said Wardens, or any One of them, are and is hereby required and authorised to administer, infield of the Oath required by die said recited AA of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King WilTtam the Third; and that from and after the passing of this AA, before any Perfon or Perfons fail ship or cause to be shipped or put on board any Ship or Veflel whatsoever, any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever, Oatlf shall be made before the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, by the Owner or Owners of such Molten Silver or other Bullion whatsoever, and likewise by Two or more credible Witnestes, that no Part of such Molten Silver or Bullion was,_before the fame was molten. Clippings of the Coin of this Realm; which Oath the	be sdxniiib-

said Court of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of	Maw

London are hereby required and authorised to administer, instead of M(j Aldenam* the Oath required by the said recited A A of the Seventh and Eighth of London,

Tears of the Reign of King WilRam the Third; and that all the instead of tbs Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provifions in the said Ost*1 of?&9 fimsfal AAs contained, shall continue and be in force with relation 3*	*9*

to the Clippings of the Coin of the Realm, and with relation to the Exportation of any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever, which before the melting thereof was Clippings of the Coin of the Realm, and in aD other rnpefts whatever, except only so far as the fame are ex-profilj repealed or altered by this A A; any thing in this A A before to the contrary in any wife notwithftanamg.

CAP.

164

C. 50,61.

59°'GEO. III.

A.D.I819

CAP. L.

Settlement shall not be acquired by renting any Tenement, except a House or Land in the Parish of

^^^An A&4o amend the Laws refpc&ing the Settlement of .the C A7 Poor, so far as regards renting Tenements. v[2d July 1819.]

t% ^TT HE REAS many Difputes and Contr^er^es^’^w^n^ €( VV respecting the settling of poor People, in Parishes in England, € by the renting of Tenements ;* Be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft no Perfon (nail acquire a Settlement in any Parilh or Town ship maintaining its own Poor in England\ by or by reason of his or her dwelling for Forty Days in anv Tenement rented by such Perfon, unless such Tenement shall connft of a House or Building within such Parilh or Township, being a separate and distinct Dwelling Hoiife or Building, or of Land within such Parifh or Township, or ot the actual t^h, bond jidc hired by such Perfon at and for the Sum of Ten 10L held and Pounds a Year at the least, for the Term of One whole Year fnor rent paid for a unless such House or Building shall be held, ?nd such Land occupied, Year.	and the Rent for the fame actually paid, for the Term of One whole

S7S-	Year at the least, by the Perfon hiring the fame; nor unless the

I	whole of such Land shall be situate within the fame Parilh or Town-

.	fhip as the House wherein the Perfon hiring such Land shall dwell

1*-#****^ and inhabit; any thing in any Aft or Afts, or any Conftruftion <rf ^ />c-	or Implication from any Aft or Afts, or any Ufage or Cuftom to

Ae contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

C A P. LI.

An Aft to relieve Perfons compounding for their Afleflcd Taxes, from an Annual Aflbflment, for the Term of Three Years.	[2d July 1819.]

48 G.3.0.55- .* TT7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Forty eighth Year of \ W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for re-1 pealing the Duties of AJfejfed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu in addttiona

thereof and certain additional Duties to be confoRdated therewith ; and 1 also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting € new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management of the

*	CommiJJtoners for the Affairs of Taxes, certain Duties of Afleffed

*	Taxes were granted to "His Majesty : and by another Aft palled in

St G.3. c.93*	4	the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled

*	An AS for granting to His Majesty, certain new and additional Duties 4 °f Alfffid taxes, and for consolidating the fame with the former Duties 4 Auw'd Taxes, certain new and additional Duties of AflefTed 1 Taxes were also granted and consolidated with the former Duties 1 of Affeffed Taxes, 'which Duties have been varied by several fub-‘ feauent Afts ; and it is expedient to relieve filch Perfons as are

*	willing and desirous of compounding for their Affeffed Taxes from ‘ an annual Affeffment, and all further or increased Charges on Ar± ‘ tides of the fame Description, for a Term to be limited* on con-‘ dkion of paying certain additional Rates on the Amount of the last. « Affeffment made prior to the palling of this AftBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the

AdLvice

AJXlfflfc

GEO. III.

\65

C.51.

Advice and'Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Copi-noos, in this present Parliament afiembkd, and by the Authority of the fane, That the Afleffments made under and by virtue of the hid Ads, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be and remain to the lame Amount, in rcfped of all and every the Perfons and Perfon who /hall compound for the annual Payment thereof, for the Term of Three Years, to commence from the said Fifth Day of April One thoufaod eight hundred and nineteen, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be‘lawful for the Commiifioners acting in execution of the said several Ads, for any County, City, Town or Place, in Great Britain* or any Two or more of them, m their respective Divihons, to contrail and agree with any Perfons or Perfon who are or is assessed to the Rates and Duties granted by the hid Ads, or any of them, for the said Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and who shall apply to them for that Purpose, in the fame Divifion in which such Afiettment hath been made, for the Compoiition of their, his . or her Aflefied Taxes, for the said Period of Three Years, according to the Diiedions and Provilions of this AH ; and all and every Periona and Perfon assessed for the Year ended a& aforesaid, to the Duties made parable by virtue of the said Ada, or any of them, are and. is. hereby reipedively declared to be competent to enter into compoiition witn the find respective Commiifioners, for their, his or her Affeffed Taxes for the Term of Three Years, to commence from the said Fifth Day of April* on the fame Amount annually, as shall have been assessed upon them, him or her, for the Year ended as aforesaid, together with an additional annual'Rate for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount so affeffect, to be ascertained and fixed in the Proportions, and in manner herein mentioned, except as hereinafter is provided.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties assessed on inhabited Houfies and on Windows or Lights, contained fri the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) or either of them, referred to by the laid Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, /hall be compounded ior (Separately and diitindly from all and every the other Duties herein mentioned, chargeable under the said Ads, or any of them; and where any such Compoiition shall be made on the Amount of the said Duties assessed on inhabited^Houfes and on Windows or Lights, the Proportion of the said additional Rate shall be One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount so affeffect, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Sum than T wenty Shillings; and where any fsch Compofition shall be made on the Amount of any other of the Duties granted by the said Ads, (except the Duties granted thereby in respect of killing Game,) the Proportion of the said additional Rate shall be One Smiling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount so affeffect, and so after that Rate for any greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfons and Perfon entering into any such Compofition according to the Pro-vifions of this Ad, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for at the times, and in the Proportions, and in manner herein fpe-dfied, and doing and performing all other Ads, Matters and Things required by this Ad, shall be entitled to make or open, and keep open daring the said Term, free.of Duty, any additional Number of

‘	M3	Windows

Assessments for the Yeer ’ ending April St 1819, to continue et the same Amount . for Three . Years.

Commissioners empowered to., contract.

teased in the lest Year may.

compounds.

Composition# on House and Window Dudes made separately.

Additional Rate of i». for every ace. on Amount of Compositions.

Compositions to entitle Persona compounding to open additional Windows, and to keep.additional Articles, free or Duty,

166.

C.6K

5$° geo: nr.

A.D.isia,

charged.

Exemption; except when chargeable for another Dwelling House, or for Articles of a different Description,

of the same	Windows or Lights, in their, his or her Dwelling House in refpeft

Soa^bdFme**	Compofition	(hall have been made, and also to keep

and use, free of Duty, any additional Article or Articles of the fame Description, and chargeable under the fame Schedule of the said A ft 8, (although the fame may be therein charged with different and progressive Rates of Duty, according to the Number thereof,) as they, he or (he were or was charged in respect of in the Affeffment on which the Compofition shall have been made ; and shall be exempt from any further Compliance with any of the Provifions contained in the faid^Afts relating to the Affeffed Taxes, and from all Affeffments thereon, during the said Term of Three Years; except where the Perfons or Perfon entering into such Composition, shall be or become chargeable with the said Duties in respect .of a Dwelling House or Dwwling Houfes not comprised in the said Composition; or in respect of any Article or Articles of a different Description, or chargeable with Duty under some other Schedule or Schedules of the (aid Afts, than they, he or (he were or was charged in respect of in the Affeffment on which the Compofition shall have been made ; in which excepted Cases, and no other, further or increased Charges shall be made, and the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted according to the Provifions of the several Afts, in relation to the said Taxes in force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, as fully and effectually as if no such Compofition had been made under this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Compofition shall be entered into under this Aft with any Perfons or Perfon who shall have become chargeable in the present Year, by reason of any different or additional Eftablifhment fet up within the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to a greater Amount of Duty than hath been charged on them, him or her in the said last Year's Alfrffment, without including as well the Amount of Duty so charged in the said Affeffment, as the increased Amount of Duty so becoming chargeable by reason of such different or additional Eftablifhment, nor in any such Cafe where a bond fide Return of such different or increased Eftablifhment shall not be made before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

V.	Provided always. That no Perfon shall be chargeable under the pounding not to Afts in force at the time of paffiifg* this Aft, after the Expiration of

the said Term .of Three Years, for any Part of the increased Eftablifhment not included in the Compofition entered into under this. Aft, who shall give Six Months previous Notice of his Intention to-difeontinue the lame, and who shall actually have ceased to keep the fame One Calendar Month prior to the Expiration of the said Period of Three Years.

VI.	Provided nevertheless, That when an Eftablifhment shall have confided in part of Articles whereon a less Duty hath been made payable by any Aft in the present Seflion of Parliament, it shall be lawful to enter into Compofitions under this Aft, on the Amount of Duty charged on other Articles on the said last Aflefiinent, together with the Amount of Duty so made chargeable by the said Aft of the present SelEon of Parliament.

VII.	, And be it further enacted. That every Compofition entered into under this Aft, in respect of the Duties charged on a Dwelling House from which the Perions or Perfon entering into the fame (haft

Persons chargeable to ft greater Amount than in the last Year’s Assessment, to oom-pound on the increased Amount*.

Persons com-.

Article* of different Assessments to be compounded fi* on the last

Compositions, to cease at the End oftb* Tear.

AD. 1819.

59° *eo. m.

C.«l.

167

remove during die Term herein limited, shall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of April next after such Removal; and every Com-pofitioo entered into under this Ad* in respect of any other of the Duties granted by the said Ads, with any Perfons or Pferfon who within the said Term herein limited shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, or shall assign their, his or her Goods, Chattels or Effeds, shall also cease and determine on the First Day of April next after such Death, Bankruptcy, Infolvency or Affignment.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Compofition entered CompowtioM

into in pvirfnance of this Ad, subject to the Determination thereof to bin<* Party as aforesaid, shall bind the Perfons or Perfon entering into the fame,	•

their, his and her Chattels, Goods and Effeds, to the due and punc- Am^iL

tual Payment and Satisfaction, at the times and m the Proportions herein specified, of the full Amount of the Sums made payable upon the said Composition, or by virtue thereof, during the Continuance of the fame, according to and under the Provifions of this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Pferfons or Parties re-Perfon so having compounded, and quitting or removing from the moving, and th* Dwelling Houfes or Dwelling House in respect of which such Com- Executort and pofidon fnall be made, and the Executors, Adminiiifators or Affignees

of such Perfons or Perfon dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, to ^ »nswer-aod the Affigns of any such Perfons or Perfon assigning their, his or able for die her Edate, Chattels, Goods or Effeds, shall be bound to the due and Compositions, pundual Payment of all Sums accruing, due or in arrear at the re- j? ^ ^ ipeftive times of such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Infolvency or ****' Affignment, or which shall be payable upon such Compofition for the*

Year ending on the Fifth Day of April next after such Removal,.

Death, Bankruptcy, Infolvency or Affignment; and no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Perfons or Perfon so having compounded, and quitting or removing from their, his or her Dwelling Houfes or Dwelling House, or dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, or assigning their, his or her Estate, Chattels, Goods or Efie&s, shall be removed, nor shall any Goods or Chattels belonging to any Perfons or Perfon so having compounded, be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Process, Warrant or Authority, unless the Perfons or Perfon so having compounded, or their, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigneet, or the Party to whom any such Affignment shall be made, or by whom such Process, Warrant, Authority or Seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the proper Colledor or Collectors of the laid Compofition Money,

(the fame not having been paid to the Governor and Diredors of

me Bank of England, or the Receiver General or his Deputy, pur-

foant to the Diredions of this Ad,) all Arrears of the said Monies Arrears to bs

which shall be then due, or which shall be payable for the Year paid.

coding on the Fifth Day of April next after nich Removal, Death,

Bankruptcy, Infolvency, Affignment or Seizure ; and in case of Re-fafal to pay the said Compofition Money then due or to grow due as afoieuid, the said Colledors or Colledor are or is hereby authorised and required to distrain such Goods or Chattels, and proceed to the Sale thereof, in such manner as they may fell any Goods or Chattels diffcntined under the said Ads, until they or he shall have obtained Payment of the said Compofition Money, together with the seafbnable CofU and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale; and

M 4	every

Composition Monies payable Quarterly as Attested Taxes.

Proviso for Payment of Compositions not less than sd into the Bank, or to Receiver (general, by Half yearly Payments.

Receiver General to give Receipts, to be delivered over to the Collector, and by him received as Cash.

Bank, to open an Account with Commissioners of the Treasury.

Cashiers to receive Compositions, and to enter same in said Account.

C. 51.	53’	GE& III.	A.D. 181&.

every such Colleftor shall be indemnified for so doing by virtue of this Aft.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise or become payable by virtue of the Compofitions entered into under this Aft, shall be payable without demand, and paid Quarterly, at the fame times and in the fame Proportions, and to the fame Perfons reflectively, as the Duties of Afleffed Taxes are now payable by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force at and immediately before the palling of this A61: Provided always, that all and every the Perfons and Perfon so compounding as aforesaid, the Amount of whose annual Compofitions or Compofition shall not be less than Twenty Pounds, may contraft and agree with the respective Commifiioners aforesaid for the Payment of their, his or her Compofition Money into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or his lawful Deputy, for the County or Divifion where their, his or her Compofition Money fhafl be payable by Half yearly Inftalm£nts at the times and in the manner herein prescribed in this Aft; and all such Half yearly Payments shall be made in equal Portions on or before the First Day of OSober, and,the First Day of April in each Year; and with respect to Payments to be made to the Receiver General or his Deputy, to require a Receipt or Receipts acknowledging such Payments, at the Coft and Charge of the Perfons or Perfon making such Payments, in such Form as the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall devise and dire ft; and in every such Cafe the said Receiver General or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall give the said Perfons or Perfon by whom such Payments shall be made, a Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid, specifying therein the Names or Name of the Perfons or Perfon compounding as aforesaid, and the Parilh or Place mentioned in the Certificate of Compofition ; which Receipts shall be delivered over to the Collectors, or One of them, of the Parilh or Place where the Affeffment referred to by the Certificate of Compofition shall have been made, by Indorfement under the Hands or Hand of the Perfons or Perfon so compounding and paying, and shall be received by such Colleftors or Colleftor as Calh, and allowed as such by every Receiver General or his Deputy in his Accounts with such Colleftor.

XI.	And oe it further enacted, That the Governors and Direftors of the Bank of England shall open an Account in their Books with the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, for each Year, during the Term herein limited, under the Title ol “ The Commifiioners of the Treasury on account of Compofitions of Affeffed Taxes,” and shall carry to tne Credit of such Account all Monies authorised by this Aft to be paid into the said Bank of England; and the Calhier of the Bank of England who shall receive any Money tendered to him in Payment of not less than One Moiety of the Money annually payable on any Composition, shall enter the fame in the Book to be provided for that Purpose, and all such Sums shall be entered undef the Names or Name of the Perfons or Perfon compounding as aforesaid, and the County, Divifion and Parilh or Place mentioned in the Certificate of Composition; and the said Calhier shall give the Perfon paying the fame a Certificate of such Payment, specifying therein the Number of' Half yearly Inftalments thereby discharged, and refcr-. ring therein to the Names or Name of the Perfon or Perfons so compounding, and the County and Divifion ‘mentioned: in the Certificate

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

C51.

169

tificate of Compofition then produced : Provided always, that it shall Persons pay-be lawful for any Perfons or Perfon so authorised as aforesaid, to pay “6	“nu**

or cause to be paid in Advance to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to their Cafhier or Cafhiers, any Sum or Sums a d»-of Money compounded for as aforesaid, and payable for the Term of count of 3I. per One whole Year, and to require a Certificate or Certificates acknow- Cent per lodging such Payments; and it shall be lawful for the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the laid Bank of England, on Production of the Certificate of Compoiition at the time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance, (all Sums then payable on such Compoiition for any former Year or Inftalment being fim satisfied,) to make an Allowance out of the Sum or Sums so paid in Advance, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, calculated for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sum shall be paid sooner than the Period preferibed by this Ad for the Payment thereof; and all such Certificates made Certificates of out by the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, being indorsed and delivered by the	^

Perfons or Perfon so compounding, to the Colledors, or One of them, of the Parifh or Place where the AfTeffment referred to by the Certificate of Compoiition shall have been made, shall be received by them as Cafh in satisfaction of the Condition of such Certificate, and allowed to them in their Accounts with the Receiver General and his Deputy as aforesaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the AfTefTors acting in the Assessors Execution of the Ads in relation to AfTefTed Taxes, shall, as soon to deliver the after the palling of this Ad as can conveniently be done, give fuch	all

Notice of this Ad to all and every Perfons and Perfon charged to partie6 aasetMXj the said Duties or any of them, for the Year ending the Fifth Day in the list of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as the Com- Tear; together miffioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall devise and direct, or leave spanned the fame at their, his or her Dwelling 'Houfe or Place of Refidence, Form' or on the Premises, charged by the said AfTeffment within the respective Limits of such Afieffors; together with a printed Form, to be used in applying to the Commissioners of the respective Divifions by all Perfons desirous of compounding for their Affeffed Taxes under this Ad, in such Form as shall be devised and directed as aforesaid; and all and every Perfons and Perfon desirous of so compounding, shall diftmgtdfh on such Form the additional Rate at which they, he or (he are or is desirous to compound, and shall sign the fame with their, his or her Christian and Surnames or Surname, in their, his or her usual manner of writing the fame, and cause the fame to be delivered, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Commissioners of the Divifion wherein the said Afleffment hath been made; and the said Clerks by whom such Forms shall be received, shall number the fame progressively, and file the fame, and with all convenient Speed shall mark the Affeff-xnents on which such Compofitions are to be made, and shall summon the Commissioners of their respective Divifions to meet at the usual Place of Meeting on some convenient Day, not later than Ten Days after he shall have received Notice of any such Application to compound ; and the said Commissioners shall meet at their usual Place of Meeting within the time fixed by such Summons, to take the Applications then made into consideration, and so from time to time as 'often as such Applications shall be made, and at such times 'as they shall deem ifecefiary for the due Execution of this A&.

XIII. And

Persons desirous to compound, to send

Clerks of Commissioners ; who are to summon Commissioners to take the Applications into consideration.

C.51.

50° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Surveyors ta examine Assessments for the la* Year on Pmmt apply, ing to couw pound,end their Returns for the present Tear; and in certain Cases may certify their Objections to Commissioners.

In what Cases

Composition may be rejected*

Doubts may be referred to Commissioners for Taxes, dec.

Half of the Composition to be paid in Ten Days.

Time of entering into Compositions limited.

Clerks to prepare the Cer-tiflcatesofCom-politioii to be

•feud by Cm*

XIII.	And be it further ena61ed, That the Surveyors appointed under the A6b relating to Affeffed Taxes* shall, before any Certificate of Compofition mall be executed by the said respective Com. miffioners, as herein mentioned, carefully and diligently infpeA and examine each and every Application to compound, made under this A61, and also the AfTefTments made on the Perfons or Perfon so implying for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and also the Returns of the fame Perfons or Perfon delivered under the said Ads for the present Year, commencing from the said Fifth Day of April; and if iuch Surveyor shall, on such Infpe&ion and Examination, find or discover that any Perfons or Perfon who shall have applied to compound, hath removed from the Dwelling House charged in the last Affeffment, or hath returned any additional Eftablifhment as chargeable for the present Year, so as to increase the Amount of their, his or her Affeffment for the present Year, beyond the Amount charged in the preceding Year, or hath not made any Return, or hath made an undue Return for the present Year, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and he is hereby required to certify the fame in Writing by him to the said Commiifioners, with his Obje&ions ; and no Compofition shall be entered into in respect of the Dwelling House from which the Perfons or Perfon applying to compound, have or hath removed; nor with any Perfons or Perfon who have not nor hath made a due Return of all Articles, Matters and Things chargeable upon them, him or her for the present Year, and in case such due Return shall have been made, then no such Compofition shall be entered into, without adding to the Amount of the last Year’s Affeffment the additional Eftablifhment chargeable under the said A6b in the present Year, and calculating the additional Rate payable under this A61 on such aggregate Amount; and if any Doubt shall arise, whether a Compofition may be made under this A61, according to the Pro-vifions thereof, it shall be lawful for the refpe61ive Commiifioners to refer the Matter in doubt to the Commiflioners for the* Affairs of Taxes, or to such Commiifioners as His Majesty shall appoint for that Purpose, or any Two of them, who shall return their Opinion to the said refpe61ive Commiifioners, who shall act according to such Opinion.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena61ed. That upon every Compofition entered into under this A61, after the First Day

of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be -paid One Moiety of the annual Amount payable on the fame, within Ten Days after, the Date of the Certificate of Composition; and no such Compofition shall be entered intQ after the Thirty firil Day of the fame Month, nor after the Perfon6 or Perfon applying for the fame shall have received a Notice of an increased Charge upon their* his or her Return of Articles chargeable for the present Year, from the Surveyor of the Di(lri61 in which such Return shall be made ; nor after any Appeal from the Amount of the first Affeffment charged on the Perfons or Perfon so applying to compound for the present Year, which shall be made conformable to the Returns of the Perfons or Perfon so applying.

XV.	And be it further ena61ed. That upon all Applications to compound under this A61, which shall not be obje61ed to by the Surveyor as aforesaid, the Clerk to the said refpe61ive Coromiflionera shall carefully and diligently compute and ascertain the Amount of

Duty

AJJ.181*

59° GEO- UL

€.51.

171

Duty charged in the said last Afleflments, and shall prepare and ftU mieuonen and . up a Certificate of the Compoiition to be made thereon, on which Ffirtfe* com-• the additional Rate is by this Ad directed to be charged; and ^nding whenever the Applications to compound which have been objected u^Twikr to by the Surveyor as aforesaid, shall have been conceded to by the to attend.

Cod respective Commissioners, the said Clerks shall in like manner from time to time compute and ascertain the Amount of Duty whereon the additional Rate is by this A d directed to be charged, and prepare and fill up a like Certificate, and shall from time to time give Notice to the Perfons or Perfon so applying, to attend the said Commissioners, to sign and execute the said respective Certificates ; and every such Certificate shall be made in Three Parts, Certificates with Counter Cheques, and severally signed by the said Commissioners, “•de in Tbfsr or any Two or more of them, and by the Perfons or Perfon ™tfc compounding, in the Prefence of their Clerk or his Affiftant, who '

shall attest the fame; and Two of the said Parts shall be cut off indentwife from the Third Part, and from each other. One of which shall be delivered to the Perfons or Perfon compounding, and the other thereof transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes, and the Third shall remain with the Commissioners executing the fame; and all such Certificates shall be made in the form to this Ad annexed.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the several Sums payable Composition . under or by virtue of any Compofidon to be made under this Ad, Monies to be shall be raised, levied and accounted for, under the Provifions and Regulations of this Ad, and any Ad or Ads in force at the time ^ Acte of puffing this Ad, in relation to the Duties of Affefled Taxes, or to Assessed of any Ad or Ada to be pafied in this Seffion of Parliament; and Texes, dm Ad shall be conftroed in such Manner and to the like Effed,

as if the several Provifions in the said Ads in force as aforefiud con* toned, for railing, levying, paying and accounting for die Dudes of Aflefied Taxes, were expressly enacted in this Ad, except Where other Ptovifions are made under this Ad, for paying the'faid several Sums contained in the Compofitions under tfiis Ad, or shall be made under any Ad or Ads to be pafied in the present Seffion of Parliament; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Diredkxts,

Chases, Matters and Things contained in such Ads in force as afore-laid, for levying, paying and accounting for the Duties of Affefied Taxes, shall severally and respectively be observed, practised and1 put in execution throughout the respective Parts of England and*

Scotland respectively, as fully and effectively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things were respectively repeated and re-enaded in thi*

Aft, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to* belong to this Ad, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Monies to be railed, paid and accounted for, under the Compofitions authorised by this Ad.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Perfons Commhsfonw or Perfon who now are or is, or for the time bring shall be Commif- acting under doners for putting in execution the said Ads in relatioh to the Affeffed Amassed Tax Taxes, and who mall be respectively qualified and anthorifed to fid cevenfisdrow is the exemption of the said Ads, and shall have taken the Oaths act in ex-drifted thereby, shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this ecutfen of this Aft, and the Powers referred to or contained in all and every the Ayst respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns

and

m

C. 51.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18U.

Treasury to allow additional Solanos to Sur-

and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Wales arid Berwick'upon Tweedy and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, app^nto2uuSer ^*t'e8 Boroughs in Scotland; and the several Afleflbrs, Col-the same Acts kftor* and Clerks respectively appointed or to be appointed to pat to execute in execution the said Afts, and the several Surveyors, Infpeftors this Act	and Infpeftors General respectively appointed or to be appointed

under or by virtue of the said Afts, within the Limits of their refpec-tive Jurifdiftions to which they are or shall be respectively appointed, shall respectively be A {Fedors, Collectors,Clerks, Surveyors, Infpeftors and Infpeftors General, to put in execution this Aft, according to the Powers respectively given to them by this Aft, and they/refpeftively are hereby empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this Aft in execution, with relation to the Competitions to be made, and the Monies to be raised under this Aft, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the Powers of the said Afts, in so far as the said Powers are respectively applicable to this Aft ; and all the Monies tef be raised under this Aft shall be under the Care and 'Management of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, ap~ pointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflbf*. XVIII* And be it further enacted, .Tnat it shall be lawful to and

______	for the Commiflioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of thorn,

vmr^wod^H now or f°r the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being, charge' lad-	to allow such additional Salaries to the several Surveyors to be epa- #

dents.	ployed in the Execution of this Aft, and otherwise in relation thereto*

and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences of the said Surveyors, and also of the Infpeftors and Infpeftors General, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Aft, as the said Commit-fioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High •Treafurer for the time being, shall think tit and reasonable in tl>at •behalf; and every Receiver General and Colleftor shall annually, during the Continuance of this Aft, have and be entitled to have the lie Poundage for what Money they shall respectively pay or as under -account for under this Aft, as they or hie would have been entitled. 48 G. 3. c. 55. -to under the said Aft of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His < present Majesty, for the like Amount of AfTefled Taxes paid by Clerks to . them respectively; and that for the careful preparing, writing and uimIrUn^e transcribing all and every the Certificates of Competition,Duplicates, 48 G. 3. c.55. Warrants and Eftreats in due time, and for the due, speedy and • effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be done or 'performed by or under the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of -this Aft, the Clerk of the said respective Commiflioners who shall perform the fame .within .the times limited by this Aft, or by the laid Afts in force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, shall have and receive from the Receiver General at the fame times, and under the. fame Conditions and Reitriftions, the like Poundage on the Amount* compounded for under this Aft, as he would have r-.	>	been entitled to have and receive under the said Aft of the t Forty

- eighth Year aforesaid, for the like Amount of AfTefled Ta^es.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That from and after the Date of any'Certificate of Compofition made under this Aft, and during? except as before ^ Continuance of the fame in. force, all Afiefiments under the said excepted. Afts shall cease with respect to the Perfons or Perfon so compouxaft-Clerks to ntice ring, except as hereinbefore is excepted 5- and Three Ab drafts oF all awt-Ahstmctsof and every. Certificates-and Certificate of Compofition^ shall, within

7	Tea

Receivers General and Collectors to

All Assessments to cease.

A.D..18J9.	sty GEO. III.	C.	51.

Ten Days after the First Day of October in the present Year, and in each subsequent Year during the Continuance of any Compoiitions under this A&, within One Calendar Month after the Fifth Day of in such Year, be prepared by the Clerk to the Commiffionera who hare executed the said Certificates, in such Form as shall be deviled and directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, yearly fet their Hands to the said Abftracts, and deliver or cause to be delivered One of the’faid Abftra&s of such Certificates, together with Warrants uftder the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the (aid Commissioners for collecting the fame, unto the Perfons refpe&ivdy who shall be appointed to collect the AfTefTed Taxes for that Year, and One other of the said Abftra&s to the Surveyor of the Dif-trid for the time being, and the Third of the said Abftra&s to be kept by such Clerk for the Ufe of the said Commissioners $ and in case the respective Collectors shall not receive the Sums payable on the Certificates of Compofition with which they are respectively entrusted, according to the said Abftra& delivered to them respectively, or the Receipt of the Receiver General or his Deputy, or the Certificate of the Cafhier of the Bank of England, acknowledging the Payment thereof, at or before the times mentioned in their Warrants, it shall be lawful to and for such Colle&or and Collectors, or any of them, and they are hereby required forthwith to diftraih for the fame, together .with One Shilling tar every Twenty Shillings of the Amount m airear, to their or his own Ufe, and all reasonable Coils and Charges attending the fame, in such Manner and Form as they might di ft rain for the Duties of AfTefTed Taxes arising by virtue of the laid A&s, and to levy and' raise the fame, under the like Powers and Authorities as Collectors are authorised to use in and for the Recovery of the said Duties.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners aforesaid, shall cause the Amounts of the Sums to be raised by such Campofitions in each Parifh, Ward and Place, within their respective Dhifkras, to be inserted in their annual Duplicates of AfiefTments of Affiffled Taxes on Parchment, in a Column to be prepared thereon for that Purpose, under the Head of “ Taxes compounded for,” in Eke manner as if the fame Amounts had been Severally charged by A&ffinent under One Schedule of the (aid A&s, in the fame Parifh, Ward or Place; and shall place the respective Amounts payable in each Parifh, Ward or Place, opposite the Names of the Collectors of the Tame Parifh, Ward or Place, that the Several Collectors, and each Parifh, Ward or Place, may be answerable for the fame Amounts, as if the fame had been to be raised by AfTeiTment under the said Ads.

XXL And be it further enabled. That the Monies arising by the Compofitions entered into under this A& (the necessary Charges of rrifbgand accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time he paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejbunjler, to the Account of AfTefTed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain*

XXII. And. be it further enacted, That this A& may be varied, altered or amended, by any A& or A&s to be made in the present Seffion of Parliament.

m

Composition under Hand of Commissioners for Collectors to collect by.

If Compositions not duly paid. Collectors may distrain for Arrears with is* in the Pound for their own Use, and all Coats and Charges.

Commissioners to include in their Parchment Duplicates of Assessed Taxes, the Amount of the Composition Monies.

Composition Monies carried to Consolidated Fund.

Act altered, Ac. tills Session.

SCHE-

m

C. 51.

59° GEO. III.

X.D.1

N°

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

KNOW all Men, That we,

cf the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the Ads in relation to AfTefTed Taxes, for the Divifion of	in	the

have contracted and agreed with	of

in the said County and Division, ip pursuance of an Ad pa(Ted in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Com-* position of	AfTefled	Taxes,	chargeable upon

at and for the annual Sum of £ feeing the Amount of the said Afleflinent and an additional Kate of	Pounds	per Centum per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £	to	be

?aid in to the Receiver General of the said Divifion by Two nftalments;

Via.—1 ft. Inftalment, on or before the 1 ft Day of October, 2d Inftalment, on or before the 1 ft Day of April, in each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 2819.

The Condition of the above Compofition is, That the above-named

shall duly pay or cause to be paid to the Receiver General of the said Divifion or his lawful Deputy, or One of them, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £	by	Two Inftalments in

even Portions, taking his Receipt for the fame on each Payment, and delivering the said Receipts to the Colledors of or One of them, in discharge of such Payment, otherwise the said Compofition shall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the faid

or otherwise, as the said Ad directs.

Signed,

Witnefs

Clerk to the laid Commiflioners.

} Commiflioners of the within Divifion.

The Party hereto*

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 51.

ns

N#

agreed with

KNOW all Men, That we,

of the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the A&s in relation to Afiefled Taxes, for the Divifion of	in the

have contracted and

of

iiTthe said County and Division, in pursuance of an A€t palled in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Competition of	Afiefled	Taxes,	chargeable

upon	at	and	for the annual Sum of £

being the Amount of the said Aflefiment and -an additional Rate of	Pounds	per	Centum	per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £	to	be

paid into the Bank of England	by

Two Inftalmenrt*;

Viz.—1 ft Ioftalment, on or before the ift Day of October, ad Inftalment, on or before the ift Day of April, io each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1S19.

The Condition of the above Compofition is, That the above-named

shall duly pay or cause to be paid to One of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Two Inftalments in even Portions, taking the Certificate of the said Cafhier for the fame on each Payment, and delivering the said Certificates to

the ColleCfors of or One of them, in discharge of such Payment, otherwise the (aid Compofition shall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the faid	or	otherwise,	as

the (aid ACt dire&s

Signed,

1 Commiflioners of the J within Divifion.

Witaefa







The Party hereto.

Clerk to the said Commiflioners.

176

1

C. 51.	59®	GEO..	III.	A.D.,1819.

N°

KNOW all Men, That we,

of the .Commiffioner8 acting in the Execution of the A&s in relation to AfTefled Taxes, for the Divifion of	in	the

have contracted and agreed with	of

in the said County and Division, in pursuance of an A& • pa(Ted in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Com-pofition of	Affefied Taxes, chargeable upon

at and for the annual Sum of £ being the Amount of the said Afteflment and an additional Rate of	Pounds	per Centum per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £	to	be

paifl in to the Colle&ora of the faid	by Four

Inftalments;

Viz.—1 ft Inftalment, on or before the 5th Day of July,

2d Inftalment, on or before the iothDayof O&ober, 3d Inftalment, on or before the 5th Day of January, 4th Inftalment, on or before the cth Day of April, in each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1819.

The Condition of the above Compofition is. That the above-named

ftiall duly pay or cause to be paid to the Collectors for the faid

or One of them, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Four Inftalments in even Portions, otherwise the said Compofition ftiall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the faid

or otherwise, as the said AH directs.

Signed,

JCommiflioners of the within Divifion.

Witnefs

Clerk to the said Commiflioners.

The Party hereto.

AD. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 52.

177

cap. m.

An A& to repeal the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

*	[ad	July 1819O

*	WHEREAS by an AGi made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. c.98.

*	VV His present Majefty* 8 Reign, intituled An A8 for t'epcaTtng 1 the fevered Duties of (Suborns chargeable in Great Britain, and for

<	fronting other Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties of Cuftoms and ‘ certain Drawbacks in respect thereof were granted and made payable

<	in Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks payable

1 there: And Whereas by an A6t made in the Fifty fourth Year of 54 G. 3. c. 36.

*	His present Majefty’s Reign, certain Duties of Cuftoms were 4 imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great

*	Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter

*	granted to the United Company of Merchants of jEngland trading 4 to the East Indies : And Whereas several new and additional Duties 4 of Cuftoms have from time to time been granted and made payable 4 in Great Britain by several A 6b made since the making of the 4 said recited A6b: And Whereas it is expedient that the feveral

*	Duties of Cuftoms now payable in Great Britain should be con-4 fblidated, and that for that Purpofe all Duties of Cuftoms now 4 payable in Great Britain [except as hereinafter excepted) should 4 cede and determine, and tnat other Duties of Cuftoms should be 4 granted and made payable in lieu of the Duties which fball so cease 4 and determine:* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of & Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflemhled, and by the Authority of the fame, T*hat from and after Duties of the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all Customs end and singular the Subudies, Cuftoms, Impofitions or Duties whatever Drawbacks to refpe&mg the Revenue of Cuftoms payable to His Majesty, His ceMe*

Heirs tod SuccefTors, by virtue of any A£t or A6U of Parliament

in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the said Fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, upon the

Importation or Exportation relpe&ively of any Goods, Wares or

Merchandife into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares

or Merchandife being brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or

Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in the fame, or upon

any Ship or Veffel, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering or

clearing outwards or inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and

alio all additional Impofts or Duties charged upon the Produ6t or

Amount of the said several Duties of Cuftoms or any of them, and

the several and refoe&ive Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation

of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife from Great Britain, shall ceafe

and determine, save and except in such Cafes only as are excepted

or provided for by any Exception or Provifo contained in this A& ;

and save and except in all Cafes and so far as shall relate to the except Anvers

recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the said Duties and Pennldm, to

Drawbacks refoedively, which may remain unpaid or not allowed on

the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively,

59 Geo. III.	N	which

C.52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

H8

Dudes of Pftckmge, 8tc. to the Corporation of London, &c. continued.

Proriao for Tonnage Dudes of 39 G. 3. c.lxix. and Dudes of 45 G. )> c. ic. •

Proviso for Dudes of 55 G. 3. c.57.

Proviso for

39	8c 40 G. 3. c. 67. and

40	G.3. (I.), m respect to the Importation or Exportation of Goods,

which ftiall have been incurred at any time on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A A shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillagew Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the laid City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, within Great Britain, is or are now entitled by Law, but the fame shall continue as heretofore.

III.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A& contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal or in anywise to aife& any of the Duties on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, granted and imposed by an A& passed in tne Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majeflv, intituled An AS for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, or any A& or A&s for amending the fame, or any of tne Duties granted and imposed by an A& passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for making further Provifionfor the more cffcSual Performance of Quarantine, or any A& or A&s for amending the fame.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A& contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported, or any of the Duties on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, granted and-impofed by an A& passed in tne Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to repeal the Provifions of former ASs granting exclujive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Lofs of such Privileges, or to alter or repeal any of the Provifions of the said recited A&, or of any A& or A&s for amending the fame.

V.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That nothing in this A& contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provifions contained in Two A&s for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majefty* 8 Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland, m the Fortieth Year of His present Majefty*8 Reign, or in any other A£t or A&s in force on or immediately before the said Fifth I)ay of July One thousand eight hundred ana nineteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Produce of Manufa&ure of Ireland\ imported into Great Britain from Ireland\ or any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain, exported from Great Britain to Ireland\ are respectively made liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Cuftoms, whether Countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks are allowed or given on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandife.

4 VI. And Whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Cuftoms • should be granted to Your Majesty in lieu of the Duties repealed 4 by this A& 5 we, Your Majefty's most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, 4 the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrAanei*

4 in

A.D. 1*18.

5D° GEO. lit

0.62.

1T9

‘ in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your

*	Majefty the feveralDuties of Cuftoms hereinafter mentioned, and

*	do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted,* and be it therefore enacted, That from ana after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in lieu and instead of the Subfidies and Duties of Cuftoms hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in ready Money, (except as hereinafter is provided,) without any Difcount whatever, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported or brought into Great Britain, the several Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are respectively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the Tables to this Ad annexed, marked A. and B., and upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain, the several Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table to this A& annexed marked C., and upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, the several Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table to this Aft annexed marked D.; and upon Ships or Veffels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, the several Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked E.; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the several Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are also respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the said Tables A. B. and D.; any Law, Cuftom or Uiage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms by this A A imposed, as shall arise in England, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms is England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

1 VIII. And Whereas by the hereinbefore recited Ads for the

*	Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was among other things 1 provided and enacted, that all Duty charged on the Import of

*	Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country, should on their

*	Export to the other be drawn back, or the Amount, if any were ■ retained, should be placed to the Credit of the Country to which

*	they should be exported, so long as the Expenditure of the United

*	Kingdom should be defrayed by proportional Contributions : And

*	Whereas by an Ad made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present ‘ Majefty*s Reign, intituled An A3 to unite and consolidate into One

*	Fund all the Public Revenues of Great" Britain and Ireland, and to i provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United

*	Kingdom, it is enacted, that from and after the Fifth Day of

*	January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all Rates,

1 Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money and Revenues, of what 1 Nature or Kind soever, which shall or may constitute or form

*	Part of or be directed to be carried to the several Funds called ‘ the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the Consolidated

*	Fund of Ireland respectively, shall be carried to, and shall be and

N 2	*	become,

r

The Duties specified in the Tables annexed to be levied, and the Drawbacks therein inserted allowed, in lieu of those repealed.

Duties to be under the Commissioners of Customs.

39 & 40 G. 3-c.6;. Article 6.

56 G. 3. c. 98.

180

C.B2.

58° GEO. III.

.A.D.1819

4 become, and shall form and constitute One General Fund, to be 4 called The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain	and Ireland: and that the laid Consolidated Fund of the

4 United	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after Payment and

4 Satisfaction of certain Charges in the said last recited Aft mentioned, 4 shall be indiscriminately applied to the Service of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof, as shall 4 be mrefted by Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient to con-4 tinue the Payment of Drawbacks on the Export of Foreign and 4 Colonial Goods from Great Britain to IrelandBe it therefore A Drawback of enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand Import Dudes eight hundred* and nineteen, all Duties of Cuftoms and Excifc or cSonui	charged	and paid on the Importation into Great Britain of any

Goods exported Foreign	or Colonial Goods, Wares o$ Merchandise, shall, on the

from Great Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of such Goods, Warei Britain to Ire- and Merchandise, be drawn back, and paid and allowed to the Exporters of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, as are required by any Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 IX. And Whereas Duties of Cuftoms are by this Aft imposed 4 on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into 4 Great Britain, directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, and higher Duties of Cuftoms are imposed on the like Goods,

land allowed.

Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, to pay the same

Duty as if they 4 Wares and Merchandife if imported not directly from the Place of had been im- « their Growth or Produce; and it is expedient that the like Duties

ported direct from Foreign Ports.

Regulations for ascertain' ing whether such Goods were first imported directly into Ireland from Place of Growth.

should be paid on all such Foreign Goods imported into Great 4 Britain from Ireland, as if such Foreign Goods nad been imported * from Foreign Parts ;* Be it therefore enacted. That on the Importation of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife into Great Britain from Ireland, such Import Duty of Cuftoms shall be paid and payable as if such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife had been imported from Foreign Parts, either directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, according as they were in faft at first so imported from Foreign Parts into Ireland; and that for the purpose of ascertaining whether any such Goods, Wares or Merchandife were first imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, it shall be specified and fet forth in every Cocket or Clearance of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife exported from Ireland to Great Britain, whether such G09CU, Wares or Merchandife were first imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, and the Import Duty of Cuftoms on such Goods, Wares or Merchandife shall be payable accordingly on such Goods when imported into Great Britain from Ireland; and if it shall not be* expressed and fet forth in such Cocket or Clearance of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, whether the fyme were so first imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, then and in such Cafe such Goods, Wares and Merchandife shall be and be deemed liable to such Duties of Cuftoms on theii Importation into Great Britain from Ireland, as if the fame had beet imported from Foreign Parts, not directly from the Place of thei

GrowtJ

59° GEO. IIL

181

A.B.1818.

C. 5f.

Growth or Produce ; any thing in any Aft or Aft* to the contrary Dotwfthftanduig.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this A ft upon the Importation of Sugar, inserted, described and fet forth in the Tablet hereto annexed, marked A. and B., shall continue and be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer ; and that the said Duties shall be appropriated, applied and accounted for, according to the Provifions of an Aft made in this present Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AS for continuing to His Majeffy certain Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penjions, Offices and Perfoncd Efates, in England ; for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that a separate Account of such Duties shall be kept at the Cuftom Houfes in Great Britain, distinct and apart from all other Duties of Cuftoms, and the fame shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, pursuant to the Provifions of the said last recited Aft with relation to the Duties on Sura- so continued by the said A ft.

XL And be it further enacted. That the Duties imposed by this Aft upon the Importation of Buck Wheat, inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the Table marked A. to this Aft annexed, shall continue and be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Six Shillings and Three pence, specified in the Table markea A. ta this Aft annexed, on every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, not being the Produce of and directly imported from any Briti/B Colony or Plantation in America, shall continue and be in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and no longer ; and that all Cotton Wool, and Wafte of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of, but not imported directly from my Briti/h Colony or Plantation in America, and all Cotton Wool and Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place which shall be so imported on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be subject and liable to the Duties upon evefy One hundred Pounds Weight thereof mentioned, specified and fet forth in the Tables marked A. and B. to this. Aft annexed; and that all such Cotton Wool, and Wafte of Cotton Wool, which shall be so imported from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be subject to the Duties in respect of the Value thereof, mentioned, specified and fet forth in the said Tables marked A. and B.: Provided always, that upon all Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, which shall have been or shall be secured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty at any time previous to the said Fifth Day of January Qne thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven pence for every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof shall be charged and paid at any time, as well after as before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when such Cotton Wool shall be taken out of Warehoufe far Home Confumptiou.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Aft, and specified, mentioned, and fet forth in Table D. to this Aft annexed, upon Coals or Culm brought or carried Coaftwife to

N 3	any

Duties on Sugar to continue till March *5,1810, and be applied agreeably to c. 3. ante..

Duties en Buck Wheat to continue till March %St 18*1.

Continuance of Duty of 6s. 3d. per Cwt. of Cotton Wool, dec.

Cotton Wool to pay Duties in Tables A and B.

Cotton Wool secured in Warehouse previous to Jan. 5, 1810, to pay a Duty of 8s. jd. per Cwt

Regulations as to Duties on Coals or Culm, specified in Table D.

C. St

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

I8S

Treasury may suspend Payment of certain Parts of Duty on Sugar, according to the Average Prices published in Gasette.

Regulations as to the Suspension of the Payment of certain Parts of

Duty on East India Sugar.

any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, shall continue in force until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer ; and that from and after the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Coals or Culm brought or carried Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the said Principality, shall be fubje£t and liable to such and the like Duties as Coals or Culm brought or carried Coaftwife into any Port or Place in England, except the Port of London, are subject and liable^ to under this A61, and the said Table D. thereto annexed, or shall or may be subject or liable to under any A6t or A6b in force immediately before the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notices in the London Gazette, in manner directed by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the.Britifb Plantations, (ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain,) for any Period required by Law, shall be below Forty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such Cafe it shall be Lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s

. Treasury, or any Three of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorised to fuspend, until a new Average shall be published in the said Gazette according to Law, the Payment of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the BritifhPlantations granted by this A&, and the Table marked A. thereto annexed ; and the like Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty of Two Pounds per Hundred Weight on Sugar of the Growth or Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tne Eafl Indies, granted by this A6fc, and the ' Table marked B. thereto annexed; ana if such Average Price shall be below Forty eight Shillings, then Two Shillings of the said Duties respectively ; and if such Average Price shall be below Forty seven Shillings, then Three Shillings of such Duties respectively ; and to continue such Sufpenfion from time to time, if the Cafe shall so require, according to the Averages publi(hed as aforesaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notices published in the London Gazette in manner directed by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the Briti/b Plantations (alcertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law m Great Britain), for any Period required by Law, shall exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundredweight, then and in such Cafe, One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty of Two Pounds per Hundred Weight on Eafl India Sugar imposed by Table B. annexed to this A&, shall be suspended until a Notice of a new Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall be published in manner aforesaid ; and if such Average Price shall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty on Eafl India Sugar, shall be so suspended ; and in like manner it such Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred. Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on Eafl India Sugar shall be so suspended; if such Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty three* Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Hundred^

Weight:

A.D. 1819.

S9° GEO. IIL

0* 52(

183

Weight of the (aid Doty on Eqfi India Sugar shall be so suspended ; if fnch Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty four Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Five Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on Eqfi India Sugar shall be so suspended; if such Average Price or such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty five Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Six Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on Eafi India Sugar shall be so suspended; if such Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty fix Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on Eqfi India Sugar shall be so suspended ; if such Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty seven Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Eight Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the (aid Duty on Eafi India Sugar shall be so suspended ; if such Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty eight Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Nine Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on Eafi India Sugar shall be so suspended ; and if such Average Price of such Brown or Mufcovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty on Eafi India Sugar, shall be so suspended.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, mentioned, specified or contained, mall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever, to be imported into or exported from Great Britain in any Way or Manner contrary to any Ad or A^s in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, except only so far as any such Ad or Ads is expressly altered by this Ad, or in Cafes expressly provided for by this Ad ; any Duty, Clause, Matter or Thing in this Ad, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

* XVII. And Wnereas by the said first hereinbefore recited Ad

*	of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, it is 4 among other things enacted, that from and after the Termination

*	of the War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it 4 shall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of 4 England trading to the Eqfi Indies to expose to Sale, either for the 4 purpose of being worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, 4 any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufadure of Perjia, China or the 4 Eafi Indies, that shall have been or may thereafter be secured in the 4 Warehoufes of the said United Company, fubied nevertheless to the 4 Duties by the said Ad imposed, or which might thereafter be 4 imposed thereon ; and that all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which 4 such Duties shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or 4 used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall 1 not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture, nor' shall the Perfon or 4 Perfons who shall wear or use the fame, or who shall fell or expose 4 to Sale the fame, or have the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or 4 Pofsession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines a whatever, on account thereof; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the 4 contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas by an Ad made in the 4 Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to 4 repeal the Dudet payable on, and the Permjfion to enter for Home Con-

N *	4	ftmption

Act not 16 allow Goods to be imported or exported contrary to any Act in force, unless provided for by this Act

49 G.3. c.,*. §»3*

S3 G'J*

C. 52.

59® GEO. 1IL

A.D. 1819.

Silk Hand-kerchiefs of the East Indies prohibited from being sold or worn in Great Britain*

Penalty.

Doty on Santa Mana Wood from Honduras not payable till March a$, i8ao:

Nor on Teake Wood of Africa fit for Naval Purposes, till that Time.

Foreign Goods exported liable to Duty on Re-

Goods may be warehoused, and Duties secured under the usual Re-

4 fumption Silk Handkerchiefs imported into Great Britain by the East 4 India Company, the Duties payable on such Handkerchiefs are 4 repealed; but the said hereinbefore recited Permission, in the laid * recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid is not noticed in the 4 (aid recited Aft of the rifty fifth Year, and it is expedient that the 4 said Provifion should be repealed, as far as relates to the exposing 4 such Silk Handkerchiefs to Sale for the purpose of being used or 4 worn in Great Britain, or to the using or wearing the fame in Great 4 BritainBe it enacted, That from and after the passing of this A61, it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or for any Perfon or Perfons, to expose any such Silk Handkercniefs to Sale for the

Kfe of being used or worn in Great Britain, and it shall not be 1 for the fame to be used or worn in Great Britain, or to be fold or exposed to Sale therein, but the fame shall be subject to Seizure and Forfeiture, and the Perfon or Perfons who shall wear or use the fame, or who shall fell or expose the fame to Sale, or shall have the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion, shall be liable to such Penalties and Fines as if the said Provifion in the said recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year had never been had or made; any thing in the said recited A A or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Duty of Cuftoms shall be charged or payable upon Santa Maria Wood fit for Naval Purposes, imported into Great Britain from the Bay of Honduras^ in Britifb built Vefleis, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; any thing in this Aft, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided that such Wood shall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Cuftoms.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Dayof July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the Twenty fifth. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Duty of Cuftoms shall be charged or payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Teake Wood fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Produftion of any Britj/h Colony, Plantation, Territory or Pofieffion in Africa ; provided that due Entry be made thereof, and that such Wood be landed in the Prefence of the proper Officer at the Port of Importation.

4 XX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Goods, 4 Wares and Merchandise, which have been regularly imported into 4 Great Britain, and afterwards exported from thence, are, upon 4 Reimportation, subject to the Duties of Cuftoms Be it therefore declared and enacted. That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, so reimported into Great Britain, (haU be subject and liable to all such Duties of Cuftoms as are by this Aft granted upon Importation o£ such Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares or Merchandise, to pay the Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof in Great Britain, in any Cafe wiere such Goods, Wares or Merchandife might on or immediately . before the said Fifth. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

nine-

AJD.181&

59° GEO. III.

< C. 52,

185

nineteen, have been waretaufied or otherwise secured without Payment of Duty; or in any Cafe where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament is force in Great Britain on and immediately before thefaid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; but that in all such Cafes the Duties Specified in the Tables to this Ad annexed, marked A. and fi., mar be secured by Bond or otherwise, in Such Manner and under Such Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Condition!, as are contained in any Such Ad or Ads, except where it is otherwise provided by this Ad: Provided always, that in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, which shall have been lodged in Warehoufes or otherwise Secured by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the (aid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and on which 'the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any Such Goods out of such Warehouse, or from any Place wherein the Same shall be Secured, for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain; then and in Such Cafe the Ijuties imposed by this Ad shall be payable thereon, notwithfbmding Such Goods may have been importea and warehouSed before the Said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight handled and nineteen, except where it is otherwise provided by tins A&.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any Briti/b Colony or Plantation in America, not being imported directly from thence, or of any Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, which (hail have been secured in Warehoufes at any time on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and on which the Duties shall not have been fully paid on or before the laid Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Hull be desirous of taking any such Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool out of such Warenoufe after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in Such Cafe the Duties imposed by this Ad, and the Tables A. and B. thereto annexed, on Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, according to the Value thereof, Shall be payable and paid on such Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool lb taken out of Warehouse, notwithstanding such Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool may have been imported and warehouSed on or before the laid Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That it Shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&hrely, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three of them, upon Proof to the Satisfadion of the laid Commissioners of the Cuftoms, that Orders were given for the Purchafe of any Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool at any time before the passing of this Ad, and that such Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool shall be imported into Great Britain at any time after the passing of this Ad, to admit such Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool to Entry upon Payment of the Duty

of

On taking Good* out of Warehouse, Duty to bo pmd.

Cotton Wool secured in Warehouse before Jan. S*

18 ao, and taken out for Home Consumption, after that Day the Duties rifled in Tables A.and B.

■hall be paid.

Sheep's Wod or Lamb's Wool, on Proof that Orders were given for Purchasse, may be admitted to Entry on Payment ofa Duty of id.per lb.

^ i

- 186

C. 52.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819,

Proviso for Regulations of 43 O.3. c. 132. and 45 G. 3. c. 87- for the warehousing and securing of Goods, &c.

Proviso as to Delivery of certain Goods < from Warehouse.

''Winein Bottles may be imported from Jersey, &c. and Ireland, in Packages of Six Dozen.

Proviso for Navigation Laws.

• of One Penny, per Pound only j and such Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool so imported in pursuance of any such Orders, shall be subject and liable to the said Duty of One Penny per Pound, and no more, on Importation into Great Britain; any tiling in this A61, or the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Rules, Regulations or Provifions contained in an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for permitting certain Gooch imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty ; or in an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to autborife the Lords Commissioners of His Majejly’s Treasury to permit certain Articles to he warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of the Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; or in any other Aft or Afts relating to the warehoufmg, fecurihg or Removal of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; but that all such Rules, Regulations and rrovifions shall be applied and put in execution for the warehoufing and securing of Goods, Wares and Merchandife specified in the Table marked F. to this Aft annexed, and subject to any Duties under this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft, (except so far as the fame are altered by this Aft) : Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained (hau extend or be construed to extend to permit any Goods, Wares or Merchandife to be delivered from any Warehoufe or Place for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, unless such Goods could have been lawfully so delivered, to be used or consumed in Great Britain, before the (aid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the I (lands of Jerfeyf Guernsey or Alderney, and also from Ireland, any Wine whatever in Bottles or Fla(ks, as well for Sale as for private Ufe, in Packages, each of which shall contain at the least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of Cuftoms as Excife, due and payable on the Importation of such Wines into Great Britain; provided that such Wines shall be imported in Briti/h or Irijh built Ships or Veffele, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in such manner, ana under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Reftriftions, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and in force in relation to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Flaflcs imported into Great Britain*

Wine in Bottles XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth nmy be import- Day cf ju[y One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from any Parts within *he Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Mer-E. I/G. chants of England trading to the Eqfl Indies, any Wine whatever in Bottles, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of

Cuftoms

AJ). 1819.

59° GEO. 111.

C.5f.

Cuftana as Exdfe, due and payable on the Importation of such Wines into Great Britain: Provided always, that the Importer of such Wine, or his known Agent or Factor, shall make a Declaration before the Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation, dating the Nature and Quantity of such Wine, and that the fame is for private Ufe and not intended to be fold, and that such Wine shall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England\ or any Four or more of them, and for the Commissioners of Cuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them for the time being re-fpe&ively, to repay or allow to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Confignees of any Foreign Spirits, Wine or other Liquors which shall be loft by accidental Staving on (hipboard, or in the un(hipping thereof before the landing thereof, the Duties of Cuftoms which (hall'have become payable or shall have been paid for or in respect tf such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Cuftoms, and to cancel and vacate the Cuftoms Bond for or in respect of all such Spirits, Wine and other Liquors for which no such Duties shall have been paid, but for which Security shall have been given by Bond taken for or in respect of the warehoufing thereof, before Payment of the Duties, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Great Britain for permitting Goods imported to be warehoused or secured without Payment of Duty, and which shall be so loft by Inch accidental Staving: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance or Repayment shall be made, nor any such Duty be remitted, nor any such Bond or any Part thereof be cancelled or vacated, unless Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said rcfpe&ive Commissioners, that such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft by such accidental Staving, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Confignee thereof, or his, her or their Agent: Provided also, that every such Bond shall be and remain in full Force and Effed u to all the Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the fame shall relate, and which shall not be so proved to have been loft by such accidental Staving, and for or in respect whereof the Duties of Cuftoms shall not be so remitted; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Ad, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly alerted, described and fet forth in any of the Tables hereunto annexed, in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quantity or Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandife.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by the Tables marked A. and C. to this Ad annexed, the Duties of Cuftoms imposed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandife are charged, not according to the We^ht,

1*7

Declaration.

Owner* of Foreign Spirit* and Wine* lost

from staving or in the un-

shipping may have the Duty remitted, &c*~

But Proof to be made of Particular* of Los*.

Where no Proof, Bond to remain in force.

How Duties payable according to Weight, &c. charged.

The Value of Goodsat Port of Importation^ &c. to be the Rule for charging Duty.

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

If Goods not valued as herein mentioned, they may be detained, &c.

How the Value of Cotton Woo^ &c. imported by other Ptnou than the £• I. C., but sold at their Sales, shall be ascertained in charging the Duty.

How Value of Goods Bold at the E. I. C.*s Sales, ascertained.

Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according*to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and conftdered as the fame shall be at the Port of Importation or Exportation in Great Britain, without any Abatement or Deduftion whatever, except of so much aB the Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation thereof shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer, Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise so imported or exported, or of his known Agent or Faftor, in such Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provi-(ions with respect to such Declaration, and subject to all such Forfeitures -and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by any Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain immediately before the Said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and of the Several Aa» in force in Great Britain, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to cause the fame to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Cuftoms shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such Cafe by the said Several Afts respectively.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in the Cafe of Cotton Wool and the Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/l Indies, the Duties whereon are payable according to the Value thereof, and which hath been or shall be imported by Perfons other than the East India Company, and which shall be fold at any Sale made by the said Company, such Value shall be ascertained in like Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for the ascertaining the Value of any other Goods, Wares or Merchandife fold at such Sale; and in the Cafe of any such Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool not fold at any Sale made by the said Company, the Value thereof shall be ascertained in such Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions, and subject to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares and Merchandife contained ip Schedules A. and C. to this Aft annexed, under any Aft or Afts in force for the ascertaining of such Value respectively.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by the Table marked B. to this Aft annexed, the Duties of Cuftoms imposed on the Importation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandife enumerated in the laid Table, are charged according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall be fold at the Sales of the Eajt India Company, or according to the Value thereof, such Price or Value respectively (hall-be ascertained in such Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions, and subject to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining the Price or Value of such Goods by any Aft or

Afts

A.D.181#.

£9° GEO. IIL

C. St.

189

Afts in force immediately before the (aid Fifth Day of Jnfy One thodand eight hundred and nineteen, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in eftimatmg ia valuing

the Value of British made Salt exported from Great Britain, it shall British Salt tx-

and may be lawful for the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known

Agent or Faftor, to deduct so much Money from the Value	of	d»IucLid

such Salt as shall be equal to the	Amount of the	Duty of Excife	frrm Valuer

paid thereon at the time of the Entry of such Salt for the purpose of

being exported, and the Value so ascertained shall be deemed and

taken to be the true and real Value of such Salt at the Port of

Exportation; any thing in this Aft, or any other Aft or Afts to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That all Rules, Regulations, Regulations Conditions and Reftriftions, made, established or directed for the re-

mitting or allowing of any Deduftion of any Duties on account of Cua^M nowln Damage or otherwise, or for the	better fecuring	the Revenue	of	fore*, appUsd

Cuftoms in Great Britain, or for	regulating the	Importation	or	to thb Act.

Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife into or from Gnat Britain, or the bringing or carrying any Goods, Wares or Merchandife Coaftwife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing or (hipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife whatever in Great Britain, and all Provisions, Clauses,

Matters and Things relating thereto, contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in' Great Britain immediately before the palling of this Aft, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effest, and shall be applied to the Subjeft of this Aft, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and efleftuafly to all Intents and Purposes, as if all such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Reftriftions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were repeated and re-enafted in this present Aft, except only so far as the fame are repealed or altered, or otherwise provided for by this Aft.

XXXIV.	And be^ it further enacted. That no Allowance or Ho Allowance Abatement shall at any time be made out of or from the Duties by for Damagoof this Aft, and the Tables thereto annexed, imposed upon any Currants, Currants, He. Figs or Ratlins, for or on account or in respect of any Damage

which such Currants, Figs or Raifins may have sustained in any Voyage or otherwise; any Law, Cfuftom or Ufage to the contrary ia

*	is it is expedient to prohibit the Importation

* of all Broken Glafs fit only for being remanufaftured ;* Be it therefore enacted. That from and after & said Fifth Day of July Importing One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, if any' Broken Glass, nt Broken Ginas only to be remanufactured, shall be imported or brought into Great Goods «d Brian, all such Broken Glass, together with the Package or Packages in which the fame shall be found, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife; and that the Perfon or Perfons importing the fame, or aiding Anrfsting; or afifting therein, or in the landing, removing or concealing of any such Broken Glass, or receiving the fame, knowing it to have been so ' imported or brought, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Penalty tool. Pounds, to be profecufeed, recovered and applied as any other Penalty

or

58"GEO. iil

Chins or Porcelain Ware, &c. to be imported only into certain Ports.

Penalty.

Pish of British taking, &c., maybe imported in British built Ships, & c. without Payment of Duty.

Master to make Oath of taking and curing of such Fish.

Blubber and Oil, &c. of the Fishery of Newfoundland, &c. admitted to Entry on certain Conditions.

Payment of Duty.



A.D. 1811

or Penaltief by any Law or Laws relating to Hia Majefty’s Duties of Cuftoms and Excife.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no China Ware or Porcelain Ware, nor any Articles, Goods or Wares ornamented with or manufactured wholly or partly of Or Moulu, shall be imported or. brought into any Port in Great Britain, except at the Ports of London, Plymouth, Brijtol, Liverpool, Hull9 Newcasile, Leith and Greenock, upon pain of Forfeiture of all such China Ware, Porcelain Ware, or other Articles, Goods or Wares aforesaid respectively, as shall be imported or brought into any Port in Great Britain other than some or one of the Ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the Chefts, Cafes and other Packages respectively containing such Wares respectively ; and all such China Wares and other Wares respectively, and the Chefts, Cafes and other Packages respectively containing the fame, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Fi(h of every Kind or Sort whatever of Britifb taking and curing, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or VefTels built in Great Britain or Ireland, or the I (lands of Jersey, Guernsey or Man, or in any of the Coionics, Plantations, I (lands or Territories which now or at the time of building such Ships or Veffels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the Polfeffion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, and wholly belonging to and owned by His Majefty’s Subje&s, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain in Ships built, owned, navigated and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms whatever; any thing in this A& or any other A& or A&s to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always, that before such Fi(h shall be admitted to Entry, the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of the Ship or Veffel in which such Fi(h shall be imported, shall make Oath before the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath), that such Fi(h was actually caught, taken and cured wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s.

XXXVIII.	And be it furtner enacted. That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, before any Blubber, Train OH, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, the Produce of Fi(h or Creatures living in the Sea, imported into Great Britain as being taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s carrying on such Fiftiery from that Kland, or as being taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s usually. redding in any of tne Bahama or Bermuda I (lands, or as being taken ana caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any Brityh Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Msyefty’s Subje&s usually redding in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fishery from thence, shall be admitted to Entry on payment of the

. Duty unpofed on such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins by this A& and the Table marked A. thereto annexed, the Mafter or other Perfon having , or taking the Charge o

Commas

A.D.1S19.

5^ GEO. IIL

CM.

W

Command of the Ship or Veflel in which the hune shall be hnported, Ihall produce and deliver to the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Deputy Governor of Newfoundland, or of such other Briti/b Colony or Plantation, or of the Colledor or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of the Port or Place ia Newfoundland^ or in such other Briti/b Colony or Plantation where fiich Tram Oil, Blubber, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins shall have been taken on board, or if no such Governor or Deputy* Governor, or Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms shall be reliding there, then a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer or other Principal Officer of fnch Port or Place, or of One of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace for the Diftri&, testifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required to adminider such Oath, and to grant such Certificate), by the Shipper of such Blabber, Train Oil, Spermaceti CM, Head Matter or Whale Fins, that the fame was really and bond fide the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken wholly by His Majefty’s Subjects carrying on such Fimery, and usually redding in the laid Maud of Newfoundland) or in His Majefty’s European Dominions, or by His Majedy’s Subje&s usually redding in such other British Colony or Plantation, and carrying on such Fifhery from thence; and the Mader or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or VefTel in which the Blubber or Tram Oil shall be imported into Great Britain, shall make oath before the Cofledor or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to adminider the fame) that the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins so imported, is the fame as mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate; and the Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees of such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, shall also make oath before the Colle&or or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Cudoms (who is hereby authorised and Ranked to adminider such Oath), at the time of Entry, that to the ben of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins so imported was actually caught and taken by Briti/b Subjects usually residing in the Ifiand of Newfoundland, or in His Majedy’s European Dominions, or by His Majefty’s Subje&s usually residing in such other Britj/b Colony or Plantation, and carrying on such Fifhery from thence; ad on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on O&h as aforesaid being made, such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fifhing, and shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this A&, and the Table marked A. thereto annexed, on such Articles of Foreign Fi(hery.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the fcverai Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad imposed on the Importation of Tnm Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifiand of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s carrying on such Fifhery Iran that Ifiand, and also the Duties payable on Cranberries, fax

v	Skins*

Certificate of Governor or other Officer that Oath had been made that such Blubber, &c. wes the Produce of Flsb, &c. Bri-. tiah taken.

Oath that Blubber, &c. sp imported Is the same as men- • tioned in Certificate, and British taken. *'

If no Certificate, &c. such Blubber, &c. deemed Foreign taken.

Duties oh Oil, and other Produce of Fish taken-at New* fbundlaud, and on Cranberries, &c. of that Country, not payable till July 5, i*24-

19*

C.5*.

59° OEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Duties of Tables C. and E. impended rip

July 5i 1824.

Proviso for duly entering and landing of such Goods*

Tonnage Du* ties of Table E. on Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards to be paid to the proper Officer under the Regulations herein mentioned.

•4 G. j. & 60.

Skint, Otter Skint, Seal1 Skint, Wolf Skint, Bear Skint, Cat Skim, Beaver Skint, and on Timber, being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported directly from thence, at the fame are respectively described and fet forth in Figuret in the Table marked A. annexed to this Ad, shall be and the fame are hereby suspended, and the said Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Articles so imported, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, inclusive ; and also, that the Duty by this Ad imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported firom Great Britain to the said I (land of Newfoundland, as described and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked C., and also the Tonnage Duties payable on Ships or Veffels entering Inwards or Outwaras from or to the said Ifland of Newfoundland, in any Port of Great Britain, as fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked £., shall be and the fame are hereby in like manner suspended, and shall not respectively be charged or payable until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, inclusive; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always,, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandife shall be duly entered and landed, and shall be subject in every respect to all the Regulations required by Law; and that the fevend Duties hereby suspended shall revive and become payable from and after the laid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, in such and the like manner as if the said Sufpenfion of Duty had not taken place*

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage imposed by this Aft, as described in the Table hereto annexed marked £., on Ships and Veffels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms; and that no Officer of the Cuftoms whatsoever, or any Deputy or Clerk of such Officer, shall permit or suffer any Ship or Veffel to break Bulk, of any Part of her Cargo to be discharged; nor shall issue any Order nor grant any Document for the unmip-ping or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandife' brought or imported by any Ship or Veffel, subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties of Tonnage, until the said Duties have been fully paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms ; or in case any Doubt or Difpute shall anse as to the true Tonnage thereof, so tnat a perfect Entry cannot'be passed, then in every such Cafe a sufficient Depofit shall be made of the said Duties with such Officer as aforesaid, previous to any Document being issued or granted for the unfhipping or landing any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Veffel so entering Inwaras as aforesaid; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anyvrife notwithstanding ; and that the said Duties shall be paid on every Report Inwards, and on every £ntry Outwards of each and every Ship and Veffel, for each and every Voyage which any such Ship or Veflel shall so report Inwards or enter Outwards at any Port within Great Britain ; and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Veflel, being Briti/b built or BriBfh owned, shall be computed and taken according to the Regifter thereof in Great Britain under the Provifioss of an Aft passed in the Parliament of Great Britton, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An A& for tit further Increafe and Encouragement of Skipping and Navigation / and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Veflel, in ode of any Doubt or Difpute relative thereto, (nail be ascertained in Gram

8	Britain

A.D.1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 52.

193

Briiam by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Aft s Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Regulations contained in an Aft parted in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Paffage Vejfels entering or departing in any cf the Ports of Great Britain ; but that all such Regulations shall be applied to the Duties on such Packets or Paffage Veffels mentioned, specified and fet forth in the Table to this A61 annexed,' marked E.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge with the Doty of Tonnage imposed by this Aft, and the Table marked E. thereto annexed, any Ship or Veffel employed in the Fifheries on any Part of the Coaft of Great Britain, and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any Ship or Veffel employed in bringing Oyfters from Jersey or Guernsey into any Port in Great Britain, or to charge the said Tonnage Duty on any British or Irijb built Ship or Veffel owned by British Subje6ts, which is not required to be registered by any Aft or A6b of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland relpe&ively, on' or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or on any Ship or Veffel whatsoever which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballaft only ; any thing in this A61, or in the Table marked E. hereto annexed, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain under or by virtue pf any Aft or A61s in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of Jdy One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, which, having paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof by any Aft or Afts in force immediately* before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall, after the said Fifth Day of* July Ohe thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported from Great Britain; and that the several and respective Drawbacks inserted, specified and fet forth in the Tables to this Aft annexed, marked A. B. and D., shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles as shall have paid the Duties imposed thereon by this A61 and the said Tables thereto annexed.

XLIII. And be it further ena6ted, That froih and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, such Drawback as is mentioned, specified and fet forth in the Table or Schedule marked B. to this Aft annexed, shall be allowed in respect of Thrown Silk exported from Great Britain, which shall be thrown in Great Britain from a larger Quantity of Raw Silk imported into Great Britain from any rlace within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies: Provided'always, that Oath be first made before the Colk&or of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation by the Throwfter of such Thrown Silk, that the said Thrown Silk was produced solely from Raw Silk which had been so imported into Groat Britain, and for which His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Duties had 59 Gko. III.	O	been

56 6.3. c. 9.

Tonnage Duty not to be charged for certain Vessel*.

Drawbacks to remain for Goods exported' before the passing of this Act.

Drawbacks of Tables A. B. D.

Drawback on

Thrown Silk imported from But Indies.

X

Path of Produce of Thrown*' Silk.

C. 59.

59° GEO. lit

AJX1S19T.

No Drawback allowed on Wine exported, except in Bottle*.

Proviso as to Drawback on wine for the Use of Admi-

rals, Captains, &c. for their

Consumption on board of

Ships.

Drawbacks on refined Brim* stone.

Oath of Produce of such 'Brimstone.

Drawback of

Nine Tenths of Duties on Foreign Brimstone used in Great Britain in making Oil of Vitriol.

been duly paid, and that the fame was duly exported; His MajfcftVk Searcher also certifying the (hipping thereof, and all such other Re* quifites being duly performed as are necefiary to be done and performed with regard to Raw Silk exported from Great Britain.

XLIV. Ana be it further enacted. That no Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excise shall be allowed on any Wine whatever which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation from Great Britain after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, other than on Wine in Bottles which (hafi be shipped in Package* each containing Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at the least.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or discontinue any Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms on any Sort of Wine intended for the Ufe of Admirals, Captains and other Com-miffioned Officers serving in any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, or for the Ufe of Commimoned Officers of the Royal Marines, or of Perfons acting as such, for their Confumption on board of such of His Majefty’s Ships as they shall serve in, by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: Provided nevertheless, that all the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-tions contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July Okie thousand eight hundred and nineteen, relating to any such Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms on such Wine, shall be duly observed and enforced in relation thereto.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the (aid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, such Drawback as is mentioned, specified and fet forth in the Table or Schedule marked A* to this Aft annexed, shall be allowed in respect of any Brimftone which shall be refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported rough, and shall be exported from thence upon Oath being first made by the Refiner or Refiners thereof, before the Colleftor of the Cuftoms at the Pbrt mi Exportation, that the said refined Brimftone was produced solely from Brimftone which had been imported into Great Britain unrefined, and for which His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Duties had been duly paid, and that the fame was duly exported; His Majefty’s Searcher also certifying the Shipping thereof, and all such other Requisites being duly pefrnned as are necefiary to be done and performed with regard to Brimftone unrefined exported from Great Britain•

XLVII* And be it further enacted. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of Nine Tenths, and no more, of all such Duties oa Importation an -(hall have been paid on any Foreign Brimstone, shall be allowed in respect of all such Foreign Brimftone as at any time after the (aid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be used and con fumed in Great Britain in making and preparing OR of Vitriol; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in fore diately before the laid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight ] and nineteen, to the contrary in anywise notwithftanfsing; and the Amount of such Drawback shall be ascertained, and paid

A.D.18I9.

39° 0X0. III.

C. 58.

195

abwed to the ManufaCbrers of such Oil of Vitriol, muter the Hegdadont and ReftriCbons contained in an A Ct palled in the Ftraeth Year of Hit present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AQ for dtftoatmng the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation tf Foreign Brimjione used in making Oil of Vitriol, and under and lab|e& to the hke Penalties upon any Manufacturer of such Oil for Mvonur any false Accounts in refpeCk of Foreign Brimftone used and conlumed in his Manufactory, with intend to defraud His Majesty, as are contained in the £aid ACt of the Fiftieth .Year, and as if the fame were repeated and re-enaCked in this ACt.

XLVIII. And be k further enacted, That from and after the

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for all Coals used for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the nsmufaCkuring of Tin Plates at Pennygored in the County of Pemkroke9 called the Pennygored Works, for which the Duties granted by this ACt shall hate been duly paid, a Drawback shall be allowed of all such Dudes, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in any Oae Year: Provided always, that the said Drawback shall be paid upon the Proofs and under the Conditions required by an ACt passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, utkuied An AS for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used m carrying on the Pennygored Works, in the County 3^ Pembroke.

XL IX. And be it further enaCked, That from and after the Fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for all Coals which shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper or Lead Ore within the Ifle of Anglefejy or which shall be used in Fire Engines lor draining Walter out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the find Ifle, tor which the Duties granted by this ACt shall have been duly paid, a Drawback shall be allowed of all such Duties: Provided always, that the said Drawback fludl be paid upon the Proofs remaned by an ACt passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of H* present Majesty, intituled An A3 for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used m smelting Copper or Lead Oresf and m Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines 9 within the Ifle of Anglefey.

L. And be it further enaCked, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback «f the whole Duty specified in Table D. to this ACt annexed, on Stone the Production of Great Britainy brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, shall be allowed in refpeCk of such Stone as at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be used and employed in Great Britain in making Barn Floors; and dot the Amount of fnch Drawback shall be allowed to the Perfon fay whom such Stone was used and emploved, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the Commilfioners of the Cuftoms that such Duty was paid, and that such Stone was £b used and employed for fuen Purpofe as afbcefaad.

LL And be it further enaCked, That from and after the Fifth Day of July Owe thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of the Duty specified m Table D. to this ACt annexed, on Stone the Pro-daCbou of Great Britain brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place

0 2	in

50 0.3* c.4°*

Drawback for Coals used ot the Pennygored Works.

Under Con. ditions of 35 0-3- c. a*

Drawbad fW Coals used in ■molting Copperor LssdOrs in AngUMjr;

as by *6 O.3. c. 104.

Drawback for Stone used in Great Britain In making Bam Floors; .

to whom allowed *

and for Stone' of G.B. broofte Coastwise, and

used in G. B. for paving Pah.

Uc Streets,

196

C.52.

59° GEO. IIIT

A.D. 1819.

upon Proof and in Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, shall be repaid Conditionshert- jn respect of filch Stone as at any time after the said Fifth Day of in mentioned.	Qne	eight hundred and nineteen, shall be used and

employed in Great Britain in paving Streets and Public Ways upon Proof of the actual Payment of such Duty, and under such Conditions and Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, as shall from time to time be directed and made by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, for that Purpofe.

4 LI I. And Whereas by the Consolidation of the different ‘ Branches of the public Revenue, and of the Several Duties payable

*	on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchan-

*	dise, and the Appropriation thereof as directed by the Several A&s

*	in force in England, the hereditary and temporary Revenues of the 4 Crown, of Subfidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of other 4 Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise anfing in England,

4 are not now kept distinct and Separate at the Several Offices, but 4 have become blended with other Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage,

4 both in the Colleftion and Appropriation thereof: And Whereas it 4 is expedient that Provifion should be made for ascertaining the 4 annual Amount of what such hereditary Revenues would have 4 produced in case the fame had not been So consolidated, and that an 4 Account should hereafter be kept of such annual AmountBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, fhaU cause to be prepared and kept an Account of • what such hereditary Revenue anfing in England would have amounted to in case the fame had not been, and was not consolidated and collected with other Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage in the Colleton and Appropriation thereof, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, best adapted to ascertain fuck Amount; which Account the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commif-fioners for the time being, are hereby Required to make out or cause to be made out and laid before Parliament, together with the Public Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of the Several Afts for directing Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

LI 11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A 6k contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or alter the Hereditary Revenue of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, in Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majesty King George the Second during his Life, and referred to His preient Majesty during his Life, by an Aft made in the First Year of His present Majefty’a Reign, but the fame, and the Civil Eftablifhment payable out of the fame, shall continue to be paid .in like manner as neretofore; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding*.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hnpofed by this Aft (the necessary Charges of railing dirtied to Con- accounting for the fame, excepted), frail .from time to time be solidaeed Fund.	*3	paid

An Account of hereditary and temporary Revenues kept distinct from other Branches of Revenue, and laid before Parliament.

Proviso for Hereditary Revenue of Scotland.

Duties paid i*to Exche-

A.D .1819*

39° GEO. III.

C.52,

197

pud into the Receipt of Hi* Majefly’s Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ except only’ as by this Aft is fpecialnr provided, and shall be appropriated in like maimer, and to the fame Services as the Duties by this Aft repealed would have been if this A ft had not been pafied.

4 LV. And Whereas in the Confohdation of the Duties of 4 Cuftoms on Goods, Wares and Merchandise under this Ad, such 4 Duties are in various Induces increased Be it therefore enacted,

That of the Monies arising, or to arise out of such Increafe of the Increase of Doties hereby granted, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Duties deemed being the estimated Produce of such Increase, shall be deemed u *n Addison Addition made to the Revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased Charges occasioned by any Lou to be made, or any Sums to be raised or applied by virtue of any Aft or Afts patted or to be patted in this present Seffion of Parliament.

LVI. Ana be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cammissioners Commissioners of Cuftoms in England for the time being, or any Four ^ counu'df or more of them, ud the Commissioners of Cuftoms in Scotland for Collectors or the time being, or uy Three or more of them, finally to fettle and Receivers, not-clofe the Accounts of uy Colleftors or Receivers of any Part of the withstanding Revenue of Cuftoms, or other Duties under their Management, not- “J erroneous wjtbftanding uy erroneous Application of any Duties of Cuftoms	°f

peedved by such Colleftors or Receivers ; and the said Commif-	* u

fionersare hereby refpeftivefy empowered to correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of uy such Colleftors or Receivers from being kept open, unsettled ud unliquidated $ ud all such Coireftions shall ud are hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Great Britain, in the passing the general Accounts of Cuftoms, Subfidies or Im-pofidons.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from Duties levied any Duties of Cuftoms, or uy Arrears thereof, which shall be raised, •Jer July^v, levied, collected, paid or received from ud after the laid Fifth Day	«r	*

of July One thoufud eight hundred ud nineteen, for or on account exported or of any Goods, Wares or Merchudife whatever imported or brought carried Const-into Great Britain or exported from Great Britain, or brought or wise before carried Coaftwife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, although	,

the Amount of the said Duties may have been computed ud & manner ascertained as such Duties have been usually computed ud ascertained u the Duties before the said Fifth Day of July One thoufud eight hundred ud by this Act nineteen, ud although the Goods, Wares or Merchudife whereon uv granted, except finch Duties of Cuftoms may have been charged, or may be charged,	ln

may have been imported into or exported From Great Britainx or ct brought or carried Coaftwife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, before the said Fifth Day of July One thoufud eight hundred and nineteen, ud although any Duties of Cuftoms due ud payable or charged or chargeable thereon, may have been secured by Bond or otherwise on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thoufud right hundred ud nineteen, shall, from and after the said Fifth 1% of July One thoufud eight hundred fend nineteen, be appropriated ud applied in like manner ud to the, fame Purpofes as the Duties of Cuftoms by this Aft granted are direfte *

‘ O 3

198

C. 62.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Duties to be levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks, unless hereby altered.

propriated and applied, except as is in this Aft provided ; any Aft or Afts of Parliament, Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that all Monies arising by any of the Revenues of Cuftoms hereafter to be paid or allowed, either upon Bond or otherwise, either by way of Drawback, Bounty, Certificate, Premium | or Allowance, or by any other legal Document whatever, from and I after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, although the Amount of the fame shall have been computed and ascertained in like manner in which they'have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained, or shall nave become due before the laid Fifth Day of Jttly One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall and may be paid or allowed in like manner by the1

?roper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, out of any Monies in their lands arising from the Duties of Cuftoms refpeftivelj.

LVIII. And be it further, enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and fet forth in Figures m the Several Tables to this Aft annexed, as the Duties of Cuftoms upon, for or in respect of the Several Goods, Wares or Merchandise Specified in the Said Tables or any of them, or as the Duties of Cuftoms on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raised, levied,

' collested, answered, paid, recovered and allowed (except where any Alteration is exprelslv made by this Aft,) in such and the like manner and by the lame Means, Ways and Methods as former Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandise in general; and also by any Inch Special Means, Ways or Methods respectively, as former Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandise of the fame Sorts or Kinds, or Duties on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, aicertained, raised, levied, collested, answered, paid, recovered and allowed,	under or by virtue of any Aft or	Afts of

Parliament in force in	Great Britain	immediately before	the faid

And the Goods	Fifth Day of July One	thoufand eight	hundred and nineteen; and

m which Duties	that the Goods, Wares	or Merchandise	whereon Duties of	Cuftoms

are by this Aft charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms allowed, as the fame are respectively inserted, described and fet forth in the said Tables to this Aft annexed, upon the Importation thereof into or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, and all Ships and Veflels whereon any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, shall be and the lame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Reftriftions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandise in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Seizures* Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or Ships or Veflels whereon any Duties are charge* able or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in rorce in Great Britain immediately before the (aid Fifth Day of Jufy One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, or such Tonnage Duties as aforefind (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Aft) * and all Pains, Penalties*

Fines

are to be paid, or Drawbacks allowed, subject to Conditions, &c. of former Acts.

AJMSlfc

59° GEO- III,

C. 59.

199

Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as wed Palm of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in farce in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thoriand eight hundred and nineteen, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provifions and Declarations contained in any such Aft or Ads, shall funlefa where expreSsly altered by this Aft), and the fame art hereby oirpfted and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the said Ads, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, and made Part thereof!

LIX. And be it further enacted. That if any Aftion or Suit shall be brought or commenced aeainft any PerSon or Perfons for any thing done m pursuance of &s Aft, such Aftion or Suit dull be cnuneiiced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe fi Complaint did arise, and not ehewhere; and the Defendant in every such Aftion or Suit may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aftion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs /hall be sousuited, or discontinue his, her or their Aftion pr Sgdt after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, of if, upon Dexmorer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,' the Defendant or Defendants mall have Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant had in other Cafes to recover Cofts by Law.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be amended, akered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present fidfion of Parliament#

TABLES referred to in this Aft.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts (except Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and Goods imported from His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof) ; and of die Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise.

O 4

q{

Actions. General Issue.

Treble Costa.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

TABLE

20p

C.52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819,

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or w * o _r ™ice within the Limit3 of the Charter

trading to the East Indies imported into Great Britain ; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great Britain from His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain.

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of the TONNAGE DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable

on Ships or Veffels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

LISTS of ARTICLES which may be lodged in \Varehouses, or otherwise secured, at approved Ports in Great Britain, under the Rules, Regulations and Securities required by Law, without Payment, at the time of the First Entry, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof.

Company of Merchants of England

TABLE (D.)

TABLE (F.)

TABLE

A.D. 1819.

$9° GEO. III.

C .52,

SOI

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great Britain from Foreign .Parts (except Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and Goods imported from His Majesty,8 Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof) ; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

A.

£. /• d.

£. i. d.

Acacia, the lb. -Acetous Acid, See Vinegar.

Acorns, the lb.

Adianthum, the lb.

Agaric, the cwt. -----Agates, vis.

—■■■ ■ polished or otherwise manufa&ured, for every ioo/. of the Value	-	-

» ■■■—■■ - rough or unmanufa&ured, for every iooA of the Value -Alderney, Ifland of, See Guernsey.

Ale, See Beer.

AHuli, viz.

any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, wheieof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, (fuch Alkali not being other-wife particularly charged with Duty)

- .... if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali, than 20 per Centum,

-	- - imported in a Britifli built

Ship, the cwt. -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifli built, the cwt. ------ if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 25 per Centum of such Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Britifli built

Ship, the cwt.

-	• - imported in a Ship not

Britifli built! the cwt. -

0 2 0	0 i 4
O O IO	006
o o 8	005
i 18 o	—
6o o o	—
20 O O  \	
on 4	058
O 12 O	00  0
O IJ o	076
o 15 8	076

Duty.	Drawback.
In / • d*	£. /• d.
0 18 4	092
0 19 0	092
1 3 4	0118
1 4 0	0118
1 10 0  >	0 15 0
1 10 8	0 15 0
0 0 10	006
018	_
60 0 0 1	—
1 11 6	180
4 15 o	4 4 0
a 7 6:	a a 0
0 1 3	0 0 10
026	018
0 3 9	Q 2 6
009	006
0176	—
0118	-
0 1 8	Oil
60 0 0	
050	
0 3 4	—•

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Alkali—any Article containing Soda, &c. continued• ..... if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceed* tag 30 per Centum of such Alkali,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the cwt.

.........if	containing more than 30 per

Centum, and not exceeding 40 per Centum of such Alkali,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the cwt. -- - - - - if containing more than 40 per Centum of such Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Bntifh built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britidi built, the cwt. -

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes, Confe&ion of, the oz.	-

Almond Pafte, for every 100/. of the Value Almonds, t»*.

-	■■ Bitter, the cwt. -

--- Jordan, the cwt.	...

—■ ■■ ■ of any other Sort, the cwt.

■■ ■ ■■■ Oil of, Sec 01.

Aloes, vie.

—— Hepatica or Barbados* Aloes, the lb.

■ Soootorina, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lh. ...... imported not directly from the

Place of their Growth, the

lb..........................

of any other Sort, the lb. *

Alum, the cwt.	-	—	-	-

------- Roch Alum, the cwt. ...

Amber,	vie.

—	Beads, See Beads.

-	. Oil of, See Oil.

.......Rough, the lb.	...

not otherwise enumerated or	described,	for

every 100/. of the Value Ambciyis, the ox. -	-	-

Ambra Liquids, the lb*	•

America, United States of.

Note.—Upon the Importation into any Part of Great Britain of any Goods, Wares or Mer-chandise, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, direct from the said Territories in any Ship or Veffel built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or VefTels of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, having Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Keprifal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Veffel being owned by the Subje&s of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners are also SubjeCU of the said States, no higher or other Duties shall be charged or paid than such as are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, of the like Denomination or Description, being the Growth, PfoduCtion or Manufa&ure of any of the Territories of the United States of America, and being imported in Britiih built Ships or Veffels navigated and registered according to Law, See 56 Geo. 3. c. 15. which AA is to continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force*

Aiiimi or Amios Seed, See Seed*

Ammoniac, viz.

—■ Gum, See Gum Ammoniac.

Sal, See Sal Ammoniac.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anchor Stocks, See Wood* Anchovies, See FHh.

Angelica, the lb*

Anjrnfturac Cortex, See Bark. Amme Gum, See Gum. Anifeed, See Seed.

Oil of, See Oil.

Annotto or Rocou, viz.

—	■ — Flag, the lb. -	-	-

—	---- Rou or any other Sort, not otherwft* enu-

merated or deferibed, the lb.

Antimony, viz.

■	■	—- Crude, the cwt.	-

■■ — Regubs of Antimony, the cwt* *•

Duty.

Drawback.

£. /. d.

020

o o 10

005

CIO

o 1$ o

2 0 0

£. t. d.

o « 4 o o €

204

C.52,

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.



TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Apples, the Bufhel	...

■■ ■■ dried, the Bufhel -	-

Aquafortis, the cwt.	...

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every ioo/. of the Value -	-	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-tions under which Arangoes may be so imported, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Archelia, See Orchal.

Argol, the cwt. .... Anftolochia, the lb.	-

Arquebufade Water, See Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb. -Arfenic, viz.

»-■ - ■	* White, the cwt. -

■	'	of any other Sort, the cwt.

Afafoetida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

■	■	imported	not	dire&ly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

Afarum Root, the lb.

Afhes, viz.

—" ■ Pearl, and Pot, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. ....... imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt. ....... of the British Plantations in

America, and imported direfUy from thence, the cwt. -	-

— Soap and Wood, the cwt. .	.	-

—— not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every 100/. of the Value Afphaltum, the lb.

Afies, each -	....

Attar of Roses, See Otto of Rofes.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

B.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt. ... Badger Skins, See Skins.

Balauftia, the lb.	-

Balks, See Wood.

Balls, viz. Waflung Balls, the lb*

Balm of Gilead, See Balfam.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. r. L
640	
070	—
O 14 3	
3 3 4	—
049 0 0 10	006
002	—
0 *4 3 0 18 8	—
0  0  0	006
O I 2 0 0 8	009  005
Oil 2	—
0 12 0	—
Ol8	
Ol8	—
20 O O	
O O IO 3 6 6	006
2 16 0	_
0 0 10	■ —
018	—

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. Ill,

C. 59.

SOS

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Baton, viz.	£. /. d.	£• /. d.
	Canada, the lb. -	0 19	0 0 10
	 Copaiba or Capivi, the lb.	0 2 0	o 1 4
	 Riga, the lb.  Riga BaUam is also subject to a Duty of Excife. — ■■ Balm of Gilead, Balfam of Peru, of Tolu, and all Balfams not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.	010	
	046	
Banditring Twist, the Dozen Knots, each Knot con-taining 32 Yards	650	
Barbadoes Tar, See Tar.  Barilla, See Alkali.  Bark, viz.  	Anguftura Bark, the lb.  	Calcar ilia Bark, See Eleutheria Bark, in Bark.  	Cinchona Bark, See Peruvian Bark, in Bark.  	Clove Bark, the lb.	0 2 0	014
	0 0 10	006
	 Eleutheria, or Cafcarilla Bark, the lb.	O' 2 0	0 1 4
— Guiacum Bark, the cwt. -	l8o	0188
	Jefuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark, in Bark.		
	Oak Bark, the cwt. -	0 0 8	
For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Oak Bark may be imported on Payment of this Duty, See 12 Geo. 3. c.50. continued by subsequent A&s, and by 52 Geo. 3. c. 18. made perpetual.  .... Solid vegetable Extra& from Oak Bark, See Extract.  ... - Black Oak, or Quercitron Bark, for the Purpofe of dyeing, imported from any Country not in Europe, in Calks containing not less than i5olb8. net, the cwt.	0 2 0	•
-------- - otherwise imported, for every  tool, of the Value	20 O O	
—— Peruvian, or Jefuits Bark, the lb.	0 2 0	° I 4
.... Extract, or Preparation of. See Extra&. — Red Mangrove Bark, imported in Ca/ks containing not less than ijolbs. net, the cwt. -	0 0 8	T
------- otherwise imported, for  every 100/. of the Value	20 * O O	
—— Saflafiras Bark, the lb. - -	0 0 8	0 0 c
—— Simarouba Bark, the lb. - - -	OIO	008
— Winters Bark, the lb.	0 0 8	005
—— Bark not otherwise enumerated or described, being for the Ufe of Dyers or of Tanners, and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatever, for every 100/. of the Value - *	O  O  O  (l	\

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /.	£. /. I
O  N  O	—
0 3 *	
jo 0 0	—
0 10 0	
018	0 1 1
026	018
0 12 0	—
0 15 10	—
1 8 6	—
032	——
0  0  0	—
0  0  m  0	
sax	
1 7 0	—
0 r+ 0	L

Bark—continued.

— Bark not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, whether pulveriied or not, the lb. ... Barley, Set Corn.

Hulied, See Pearl Barley*

Barras, Dutch, See Canvas in Linen.

Batins of Marble, See Marble Batins in Stone.

Bafket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band -Baikets, for every I oo/. of the Value Baft Ropes, the cwt.	....

Bail or Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

■	■< - ■■■ Platting orother Manufacture of Baft

or Straw for making Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Bay Berries, See Berries.

Bay, Oil of, See Oil.

Bay Yarn, See Woollen Yarn, in Yarn.

Bdelliutn, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

■	■ - ■■	■ imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Beads,* vi%.

- ■ - Amber Beads, the lb.

■ Coral Beads, the lb.

■-----Cryilal Beads, the iooo ------ Jet Beads, the lb.

Beads not otherwise enumerated or described, • for every iooL of the Value Beans, See Corn*

■	■ Kidney or French Beans, the Btfthel

------- Wool, See Wool.

Bed Feathers, See Feathers far Beds, in Feathers* Beds, See Feather Beds.

Beach Boards, )

------ Plank, > See Wood*

------ Quarters,)

Bear or Bigg, See Com.

Beer, «k.

■ Mum, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons

■	■ »■ Spruce Beer, the Barrel containing <32 Gallons —— or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel containing

32 Gallons	-

Mum, Beer and Ale, are f*bje& also to a Duty of Excife.

Bee* Wax, Ste Wax*

Bell Metal, See Metal.

Belvedere Raifins, See Raifiee.

Benjamin, or Benzoin, the lb*

Benzoin, See Benjamin.

Bergamot, Effence of. See Effence.

Bernes, vm.

" ' ■ Bay, the cwt.	-	-

------Juniper, the cwt.	-

------Yellow, for Dyers’ Ufe, the cwt.

—	Berne* for Dyer*’ Ufe, not otherwife	enu-

merated or described, the cwt.

—	- ■ Berries not for Dyers’ Ufe, not otherwife

enumerated or described, for every too/, of the Value	-

Beftials, See Man, Ifle of.

Bezoar Stones, the oz. .... Bigg or Beer, See Corn..

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. -	-

Blaeking, the cwt. -	-	-

Black Latten, Set Lattcta.

—	Lead, See Lead.

Bladders, the Dozen .... Block* of Marble, See Marble Blocks, in Stone. Blabber, Set Train Oil, in Oil.

Boards, See Wood.

Bole Armenic or Armenian Bole, the cwt.

Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of FHh, except Whale Fins, for every ioc/. of the Value -Bonnets, See Hats.

Books, Printed, or Manuscripts, ws.

---- Half Bound or in any way Bound, the cwt.

—	Unbound, the cwt.	...

Borax or Tineal, viz.

—	refined* the lb*	-	-	-

—	unrefined, the lb:

* Drawback on the Exportation of Borax

or Tincal refined in Great Britain, fnrai a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the Id.	-	•

For the Condition* under which such Drawback can only be allowed. See 17 Geo. a. c* 31. Botargo, See Fifh.

. Jetties, we.

—	of Earth or Stone, the Dozen Bottles of Stone are subject aKo to a Duty

of Excife.

—	of Glafs covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts -

0	2	0
0	<1	1
0	11	1
1	8	6
1	3	9
5°	0	0
0	2	6
0	8	0
0	0	10

3 ** o 006

080

100

6 10 o y o o

018 a o 8

£• s. d.

1 4

006

0 5 4

*0 o 8

° 3

2 o

Bottles—continued*

— of Green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less .Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts Subje& also to a Duty of Excife.

--------- of Glafs not otherwise enumerated or de-

scribed, for every ioo/. of the Value Note.—Flafks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty.

Bowfprits, See Mafts in Wood.

Boxes of all Sorts, for every ioo/. of the Value Box Wood, See Wood.

Brandy, See Spirits.

Brafs, viz,

—— Manufa&ures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ioo/. of the Value -

------Powder of, for Japanning, See Powder.

------- Wire, See Wire.

Brazil, See Portugal.

Brazil Wood, ) o irr j Brazilletto Wood,} S“ Wood*

Bricks or Clinkers, the 1000	-

Brimstone, viz,

...... rough, imported in a British built Ship, the

cwt.	-

- - - - imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.	-

* Drawback on the Exportation of .Brimftone in any way refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported rough, the cwt.	-	-	'	-

For the Conditions under which such Drawback.

can only be allowed. See the A6t to which ‘ this Table is annexed.

■■ ■ ■ ■ in Rolls, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.	-	-

-	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt. - r	-

—— — - - in Flour, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. -

-	- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt. -

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Nine Tenths of the Duties of Cuftoms paid on Brimstone, may be repaid on such as is - used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, See 50 Geo. 3. c. 40. 55 Geo. 3. c. 66. and 56 Geo. 3. c. 81. and the A€t to which this Table is annexed.

£. j. d. 080 80 o o

50 o o 50 o o

126

o 15 o o 15 10

£. x. d.

IOO i o 8

* 3 9 1	5	o

*0 15 o

A.D. 1813.

56* GEO. Ill

C. 52.

209

Briftles, viz.

-------dressed, imported in a British built Ship, the

Duty,

£. /.

d.

£.

Dozen lbs. -

-	- - - imported in a Ship not British built,

the Dozen lbs.

------rough or undrefTed, imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

-	-----------.....	imported in a Ship not

British built, the Dozen

0 12 0 O 13 o

037

lbs.

Bronze Figures, not being Statues, for every 100I. of the Value	-	-

------ Powder, See Powder.

------ Statues, See Statues.

Bruges Thread, See Thsead.

Buck or Deer Skins, See Skins.

Buck Wheat, the Quarter containing Eight Bufhels (until the 25th March 1821)	-	-

Buffalo Hides, See Hides.

------ Horns, See Horns.

------ Tails, See Tails.

Bugle, viz.

----- Great, the lb.	*	-

—- Small or Seed, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-tions under which Bugles may be warehoused on Importation, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

—	- Great, to be warehoused, the Dozen lbs.

-----Small or Seed, to be warehoused, the

Dozen lbs

When taken out of such Warehoufe to be used in Great Britain,

-----Great, the lb.

-----Small, or Seed, the lb.	-	-

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free. Bull Rulhes, the Load, containing 63 Bundles Bulls Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.

-r— Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides.

—- Horns, See Horns.

----Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails.

040 50 o o

o 10 o

032

049

017

032

032

049

O 12 O

Burgundy Pitch, SeePitch.

Burrachas, See Caoutchouc.

Burrs for Mill Stones, See Stone.

See also the Note Under the Head of Guernsey. Buffs of Bronze, See Statues.

Buffs or Figures of Marble or Stone, See Sculptured Marble in Stone.

■ " -....... not	other	wife	enumerated or des-

cribed, for every 100/. of the Value

59Geo.IIL	P

50 o o

Ci 52i

AJD. ISIJi

110

GEO. IIL

Butter, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. -■■ ■■ imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.	-

Cables tarred or untarred, whether in use or other-wife, the cwt.	-

Cable Yarn, See Yarn.

Cajaputa, Oil of, See OiL Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Cakes made of Linfeed, See Linfeed Cakes.

----------------Rape	Seed,	See	Rape	Cakes.

Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins in Skins. Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis.

Calamus Aromaticus, the lb.	-	/

Calicoes, printed, painted, stained or dyed, and other Goods, being the Produ& or Manufacture of the East Indies, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftric-tions under which such Calicoes may be £b imported, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Calves Skins, See Skins.

— ■ Velyes, the cwt.	-	-

Cambogium, See Gamboge.

Cambrics, See Linen.

Camel Hair, See Hair.

Camel or Mohair Yarn, See Yarn.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.	-

Camphor, vis.

" -■ refined, the lb.	-

—— 1— unrefined, the lb.	-

* Drawback on the Exportation of .Camphor refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, tne lb.

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See ij Geo. a. c. ji-

Cam Wood, See Wood.

Canada Balfam, See Balfam.

Canary Seed, See Seed.

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb.*	...

Candles, t\iz.

■■ — Spermaceti, the lb. -	-	•

Tallow, the cwU	-

£. /. d.

100

116

o o 10

006

o iz 6

006

o a 6

013

004

o 1 3

026

3 3 4

o o 10

Candk*~conlinued.

----Wax, the lb.	-	■*

Caixllcwick, the cwt.	-

Cane Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

----Platting or other Manufacture of Cane to

make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

CaneUa Alba, the lb.

Cases, van.

— ■ Rattans, the 1000	...

-!--Reed Canes, the 1000	...

----Walking, for every ioo/. of the Value

Caqtharides, the lb.	-

Canvasa, See Linen.

Caoutchoue, or Elaftic Gum, the lb.

Cape of Good Hope. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported from the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories	and Dependencies

thereof. See Table (B.)

Capers, the lb.	...

Capita Papaverum, the 1000 Caps, viz.

----Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value

----Worsted, for every ioo/. of the Value

Capficum, See Guinea Pepper in Pepper.

Caraway, Oil of, See Oil.

Seed, See Seed.

Cardamoms, the lb.

----------Extra# or Preparation of, See Extra#.

Cards, tw*. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs Cariophyllormn Cortex, See Clove Bark in Bark.

---------------Oleum,	See	Oil	of	Cloves.

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.	-

Carpets, w*.

-----of Turkey, under Four Yards square, the

Carpet *

-	Four Yards square, and not

exceeding Six Yards square, the Carpet

-	exceeding	Six	Yards	square,	the

Carpet -	.	-

-----not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every ioo/. of the Value Carrabe, See Succinum.

Carriages of all Sorts, for every ioo/. of the Value -Carrot Seed, 1 c Q ,

Carthamu. Seed,	j	See	Seed.

Carui Oleum, See Oil of Caraway.

Gafcarifla Cortex, See Eleutheria Bark in Bark.

P 2

£. /. d. 026 488

008

1

1

5o o

o o

OIO

036

50 o o 50 o o

0 2 0 400

040

I 10 o

5 10 o 8 15 o 50 o o 50 o o

£. /« d*

o o y

* 4

024

* 4



Calhew Gum, See Gum.

— ■ Nuts, See Nuts.

Calks, empty, for every 100/. of the Value Cailia, viz.

E. /. d,

50 o o

Drawback. £. x. d.

------Buds, the lb. -

------Fiftula, the lb.	-	-

------- Lignea,	the	lb.	-	-	-

------Oil of, See Oil.

Call Iron, See Iron.

Caltor, the lb. -	-

------Oil of, See Oil.

-■ - ■ ■ Seed, See Seed.

Calls of Bulls, Statues, or Figures, the cwt. Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Catlings, Harpltrings, or Lutellrings, the Gross, containing Twelve Dozen Knots Cat Skins, See Skins.

Cattle from the Ule of Man, See Man, Ifle of. Caviare, See Filh.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chalk, prepared, or otherwise manufactured, and not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value — unmanufactured, and not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value Charts, See Maps.

Cheefe, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. -

------imported in a Ship not British built, the

cwt.	-

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt. -' - —■ dried, the lb.	-

Chefnuta, See Nuts.

Chillies, See Guinea Pepper in Pepper.

Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone sculptured. See Sculptured Marble in Stone.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware or Porcelain, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value Chip Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

—, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Chromate of Lead, for every 100/. of the Value Cider, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

SubieCt also to a Duty of Excife.

Cinders, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.	-

Cinnamon, the lb.

—.........the	Produce	of,	and	imported	from	any

British Colony or Plantation, the 1U -

026 o o 10 026

050

0.26

064

006

0 3 4

0  0  5-	—
20 O O	—
0 10 6	—
0 13 0	—
0 18 8		
008	
0 1 3	0010
0  0	—
50 0 0	
11 17 6	1 1
200	—
020	014.
036	032
026	° 2 3

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Cinnamon—continued*

-■ ■ imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reft notions, under which Cinnamon may be so imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. and also 8 Geo. 1. c. i8», which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made perpetual.

Cinnamemi Oleum, See Oil of Cinnamon.

Citrat of Lhne, the lb.	-

Citron preserved with Salt, for every 100/. of the Value -	Sugar,	See Succades.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz. -

Clap Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Clinkers, See Bricks.

Clocks, for every 100/. of the Value . -

Cloths, Woolien, See Wool, Articles made of.

Clover Seed, See Seed.

Cloves, the lb.	-	-

£. 1.

o 3

d.

£.

6

/. d.

o 1	6

20 o o

049

50 o o

030

027

-------the Produce of, and imported from any

Britiih Colony or Plantation, the lb.

- ■ -■ imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions, under which Cloves may be so imported. See 3 &4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. i.c. 21. and also 8 Geo. 1. c. 18., which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3.. c. 20. made perpetual.

------Oil of. See Oil.

Coals, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cobalt, for every 100/. of the Value Cocculus Indicus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

o

o

2

20

O

2	O

3	°

o o o o

2 6

o

9

imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Extract or Preparation of, See Extrad.

0 3 9

Cochineal, the lb.

—-	Duft, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, for every 100/. of the Value ■ ■	Oil of, See Oil.

026 005 20 o o

Cocoa Nuts, Duty free.

Cocoa Nuts are subject to a Duty of Excife. CodiQa of Flax, subject to Duty as Flax, for which. See Flax.

— of Hemp, subject to Duty as Hemp, for which. See Hemp.

Coffee, Duty free.|

Coffee is subject to a Duty of Excife.

P a

C .52.

59* GEO. m.

A«D. 181&*

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Coin, viz.  — ■ of Copper, See Copper.  	Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.  Cole Seed, See Seed.  Colocynth, See Coloquintida.  Colophonia, See Rofm.  Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported directly from  the Placeof its Growth,	£. e. d.	£. e. i.
the lb.  from the Place of its	o i 8	0 1 1
Growth, the R>. Colours for Painters, See Painters’ Colours.	026	018
Columbo Root, the lb. - - -	020	014
Comfits, the lb. - - -Coney Skins, See Skins.  	Wool, See Wool.	026	-

Confe&ion of Alkermes, See Alkermes.

Contrayervae Radix, See Radix.

Copaiba, or Capivi Balfam, See Balfam.

Copal Guta, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

—	Ore, the cwt.	....

-------Old, fit only to be re-maiiifh&ured, the cwt.

-------in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt.

unwrought, viz.

- - - - in Bricks or Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all Call Copper, the cwt. ——Part wrought, viz.

........ Bars, Rods or Ignots hammered or raifediifce cwt.

■  ----Wire, See Wife.

- Manufa&ures of Copper not otherwise efto-merated or described, and Copper Pistes engraved, for every 100L of the Value -Copperas, viz.

—	Blue, the cwt.	...

■■	Green, the cwt.	...

—	-----White, the cwt.	-

Coral, viz.

-------Beads, See Beads.

---- in Fragments, the lb.

-------Whole, polished, the lb.	*

------unpolished, the lb.

Cordage, tarred or untarred, whether in use or other-wife, (Handing or running Rigging in Ufe excepted,) the cwt.	-	-

Cordial Waters, See Spirits.

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cork, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

—• imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt. •

1	I	0
1	9	2 ■
3	0	O
' 2	*4	2
3		6
jo	0	0
0	5	0
0	5	0
0	It	0
0	I	0
0	It	0
0	5	6
X	1	6
0	8	0
0	8	9

AJ). 1819.

56*GEO:III.

C. 52.

31#

Corby ready made, the lb< Corn,

£. i. d. £. i. J. 070	—

All Corn, Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign Country, which may by Lavfr be imported into Great Britain, may at all tunes be brought into, and warehoused therein, without Payment of any Duty whatever, and filch Corn, Meal or Flour having been so warehoused, may at all times be taken out of such Warehouse, and exported according to Law, without Payment of any Duty whateverand any such Corn, Meal or Flour, may be taken out of such Warehoufe and entered for Home Con-fumption in Great Britain, under the Regulations and Ptovifions required by Law, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour of the fame Sort may by Law be admif&ble into Great Britain for Home Confumption. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Foreign Corn, Meal of Flour may be imported into Great Britain for Home Confumption,

of the several Sorts of Britiih Corn, made up and published as Required by Law, shall be at

Whenever Wheat shall be at or aboveL the Price of Eighty Shillings per Quarter;

Peafe and Beans shall be at or

x of Fifty three Shillings per Quarter; whenever Barley, Beer or Big mall be at or above the Price of Forty Shillings per Quarter; and whenever Oats shall be at or above the Price of Twenty seven Shillings per Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Whenever the Average Prices of Britiih Corn so made up and published, shall respectively be below the Prices before stated, no Foreign Corn, or Meal or Flour made from any of the respective Sorts of Foreign Corn before enumerated, shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for the purpose of Home Confumption, or taken out of Warehoufe for that Purpofe. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

The Average Price of the several Sorts of Britiih Corn by which the Importation of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour into Great

or above the Prices

mentioned, vrx.

P *

Com ——continued*

(L. /• d» L /• d»

Britain shall be regulated and governed, shall continue to be made up and published in

the manner required by Law, (&e 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. 33 Geo. 3. c.65. 44 Geo.3. c. 109. 45 Geo. 3. c. 86.); but if at any time after the rtation of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour,

>e permitted under the Provifiona required by Law, it shall appear that the Average Price* of the different Sorts of British Corn sefpeft-ively, in the Six Week* immediately succeeding the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May, the Fifteenth Day of August, and the Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, have fallen below the Prices at which Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour maybe by Law allowed to be imported for Home Confumption, no such Foreign Cora, Meal or Flour shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for Home Confumption from any Place between the Rivers Eyder and.Bidafiba, both indufive, until a New Average shall be made up and published in the London Gazette for regulating the Importation into Great Britain for the succeeding Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Any Corn, Meal or Flour, being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may refpeCtively be imported for .Home Confumption without Payment of any Duty, whenever the Average Prices of British Corn, made up and published as by Law required, shall respectively be at or above the Prices hereafter specified, w*. Whenever the Price of Wheat shall be at or above Sixty seven Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Rye, Peafe and Beans, shall be at or above Forty four Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Barley, Beer or Bigg shall be at or above Thirty three Shillings per Quarter; and whenever the Price of Oats shall be at or above Twenty two Shillings per Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Whenever the Prices of British Corn ref

Corn or Meal or Flour made from any of the respective Sorts of Corn hereinbefore enumerated, being of the Growth, Produce or

shall be below the Prices before

Cora—continued•

Manufa&ure of any BritiJh Colony or Plantation in North America, shall no longer be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for Home Confumption. See 55 Geo, 3. c. 26.

Any Corn, Meal or Flour, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may at all times be permitted to be so imported and warehoused according to Law without Payment of any Duty whatever, and be taken out of such Warehouse, and exported according to Law without Payment of any Duty whatever. See cy Geo. 3. c. 26.

Such Corn, Meal or Flour k> warehoused, may be taken out of the Warehoufe and entered for Home Confumption in Great Britain, whenever Corn, Meal or Flour of the like Description, imported direct from any such Colony or Plantation, shall be admissible by Law tor Home Confumption, but not otherwise. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Note.—All Foreign Cora, when delivered out of any Ship or Velfel in the Port of London, is subject to a Duty of Two pence per Laft of Ten Quarters, to be paid to the Infpe&or of Corn Returns.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex, See Bark.

Cofhis, the lb.	-	-

Cotton, vms.

-------Caps, See Caps.

—	Cloth of the Manufa&ure of the lile of

Man, See Man, Ifle of.

—	..Manufa&ures of Cotton, or of any other

Article mixed with Cotton, being chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained or dyed after the Manufa&ure, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufa&ure, not being prohibited to be imported into, nor worn nor used in Great Britain, and not being particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value

■	Manufa&ures of Cotton	not	otherwife	enumerated or described,	for	every	100/.	of

the Value	-

■—	Stockings, See Stockings.

■■	Thread, Sec Thread.

d.

£. /. d.

o o $ 010

008

75 o o 50, o o

f IS

a S3.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1813,

Cotton —continued.

Wool or Waite of Cotton Wool, See Wool;

-------Yarn, Sec Yarn.

Couhage, the lb.	-	-	-

Cow or Ox Hair, See Hair.

- Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides.

—	Horns, See Horns.

—— Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails.

Cowitch, See Couage.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every 100/. of the Value	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions under which Cowries may be so imported, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Crabs’ Eyes, See Cancrorum Oculi.

Cranberries, the Gallon ... The Duty on Cranberries, being the Produce of and imported directly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, is suspended until the yth Day of July 1824. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Crayons, for every 100/. of the \^alue Crete of Tartar, the cwt.	-

Crystal, was.

—	..Beads, See Beads.

—■■ Rough, for every 100/. of the Value

■	■ ■ - Cut, or in any way manufadured, for every

loo/. of the Value	-

Cubebs, the lb.	-	-

Cucumbers, vis.

■	—	Pickled,	the	Gallon

—	.....  Preferved	in	Salt	and	Water,	for every

100/. of the Value Culm, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cummin Seed, See Seed.	(

Currants, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. -

---------imported	in	a	Ship	not	Britifh	built,	the cwt.

Note.—No Allowance of the Duty on Currants to be made on account of Damage.

Cuttle Shells, the 1000	-

Cyder, See Cider.

Cyprus, Turpentine of. See Turpentine.

D.

Damaik Tabling, Towelling or Napkining, See Linen.

Dates, the cwt. -

£. e. d.

o 1

£. /. /

o o 10

3 3 4

¥>	0	0
0		10
20	0	0
60	0	0
0	' 2	0
0	2	6
20	0	0
2	0	0
2	4	4
2	7	6
0	12	6

2 o 2 o

o

o

4 1° 3

i

AJ3.1B19.

59«GEO. Ill

C.M.

919

See Wood.

Deals, \

Deal Ends, j Deer Skins, See Skins.

Denia Raifins, See Raifins.

Derelict, Foreign Liquors Derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, are subject to the fame Duties, and entitled to the fame Drawbacks as Liquors of the like kind regularly imported.

Diagrydiusn, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Diaper, Tabling, Towelling or Napkining, See linen. Dice, the Pair	-	-

Dimity, See Cotton Manufadures.

Dittany, the lb.

Dog Stone, See Stone.

Down, imported in a British built Ship, the lb.

------imported in a Ship not British built, the lb. -

Dragon’s Blood, See Sanguis Draconis.

Drawings, See Prints.

Drillings, See Linen.

Drugs, on which specific.Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the ieveral Articles in alphabetical Courfe.

—......not particularly enumerated or described, nor

otnerwife charged with Dtity, for every iooI. of the Value •	*

Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen. *

Dull, perfumed. See Hair Powder.

Dutch Barras, See Caavafs in Linen.

Earthenware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ioo/. of the Value East Country Linen, See German Linen in Linen. East India Goode. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported from Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, or from the Cape of Good Hope, See Table (B.)

Ebony, See Wood.

Eds, See Fi(h.

Eggs, the no	-

Etaftic Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Obing Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Eicon Gum, See Gum.

Duty.

Drawback.

£. /. d.

£. /. d.

i	6	t

o	i	o

o i 3 o i 5

o o 8

SO o o

75

o o

O O IO

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Elephants’ Teeth, viz.

■ ■ not exceeding the Weight of 21 lbs. each Tooth, the cwt.

--------exceeding the Weight of 21 lbs. each

Tooth, the cwt.	-

Eleutheria Cortex, See Bark.

Elk Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.

—	Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, See Jewels.

Emery Stones, See Stone.

Enamel, the lb.

Enulae Campanae Radix, See Radix.

Eringii Radix, See Radix.

Ermine Skins, See Skins.

Efience, viz.

■	■■ ■ of Bergamot or of Lemon, the lb.

■■	—	of Spruce, for every 1001, of the Value

--------not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Euphorbium, the lb.	-	-	,

Extra#, viz.

——— Cardamoms,

—	— > Cocculus Indicus,

■	■«	Grains, viz.

-	- - Guinea Grains,

-	- - of Paradise,

■	— Liquorice, *

■	■ ■ ■ ■ ■ Nux Vomica,

■	■ — ■ ■ Oak Bark. Solid Vegetable Extra A from

Oak Bark, or other Vegetable Sub-fiances, to be used for the purpose of Tanning Leather, and for no other purpose whatever, the cwt.

■	Opium, -	-	1 Extra# or Prepar-

--------Pepper, viz. Guinea > ation of, for every

Pepper, -11	100/.	of	the	Value

—	■	■ ■■ Peruvian or Jefuita’ Dark, Extra# or Pre-

paration of, the lb.	-	-

--------Quaffia, Extra# or Preparation of, for every

100I. of the Value

—	Radix Rhataniae, Extra# or Preparation of,

the lb.	-

........Vitriol, Extra# or Preparation of, for every

100/. of the Value ... Extra# or Preparation of any Article not being particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the

Extra# or Preparation of, for eveiy 100I. of the Value

Value

Duty. £./. d.

200

400

072

046 20 o o 046 008

75 o o

030

75 © o 050

75 0 0 050

75 o o 50 o o

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

£• s. d.

d.

F.

Faro Raifins, See Raifins.

Feather Beds, See Feathers for Beds.

Note.—The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein.

Feathers, viz.

■	for	Beds, imported in a British built Ship,

the cwt. -

-	imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt. * -

------- Oftrich, dreffect, the lb.

-	-	undreffect, the lb.

■	not	otherwife enumerated or described, viz.

-	dreffect,	for	every	loo/. of the

Value

-“undreffect, for every ioo/. of the Value

Fennel Seed, See Seed.

Fenugreek Seed, See Seed.

Figs, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

—	imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt. -Note.—No Allowance of the Duty on Figs to be

made on account of Damage.

Filtering Stones, See Stone.

Fire Wood, See Wood.

Fir Quarters, See Wood.

—— Timber, See Timber in Wood.

Fifh, viz.

—	Anchovies, the lb.	-

—	Botargo, the lb.

----Caviare, the cwt.	-	-

----Eels, the Ship’s Lading	-

----Lobfters, Duty free.

----Oyfters, the Winchester Bufhel

----Stock Fifh, the 120

—	Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding 5 Gallons -

—	Turbots, Duty free.

—	Frefh Fifh, Bntifh taken, and imported in Britifh

built Ships or Veffels, Duty tree.

Fifh, Britirn, taking and cunng, Duty free. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions, under which any such Fifh may be imported Duty free, See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.

Fi/hers Skins, See Skins.

Fifhing Nets, Old, See Rags.

Fifh (Si, See Train Oil in Oil.

488

4*5 o 2 15 6 100

5 000 20 o o

1	1	6

1	3	o

O I o 010

O 12.0

13 * 3

016

050

076

o 19 o

o 19 o

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Fitches Skins, See Skins.

Flanders Tiles, See Tiles.

Flannel, See Wool, Articles made of.

Flaftcs, See Bottles.

Flax, viz.

------dreffect, imported in a Britifti built Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti built, the

cwt.	-

------rough or undressed, imported in a Britifti built

Ship, the cwt.

-	imported	in	a	Ship	not

Britifti built, the cwt. -

Flax Seed, See Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters, See Stone.

Flock Paper, See Paper.

Flocks, the cwt.	-

Flofs Silk, See Wafte Silk in Silk.

Flotfam, See Derelift.

Flour, See Corn.

Flower Roots, for every 100/. of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of Silk, for every 100/.

of the Value -Fortft Seed, See Seed.

Foffils, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value ■	Specimens of, See Specimens.

Frames for Pi&ures, Prints or Drawings, for every 100I. of the Value	-

Frankincense, See Olibanum.

French Beans, See Beans.

Furriers’ Wafte, for every too/. of the Value Furs, See Skins.

Fuftic, See Wood.

G.

Galangal, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-

-	imported	not	dire&ly	from	the	Place of its

. Growth, the lb.	-

Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-	**

-	— ■ — imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Galley Tiles, See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt.	-	*	-	•	*

Gamboge, the lb.	-

Garden Seed, See Seed.

Duty.	Drawback.
£• s* d.	£• *• d.
10 14 6	
1136	—
005	—
008	—
0 19 0	—
20 0 0	—
0  0  0	—
0  O  0  N	—
50 O O	—
20 O O	—
0 0 6	004
OO9	006
O I 4	O 0 10
0 2 0	013
O 11 2	1 1
Ol8	0 X 1 I

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Garnett, w*.

--------cut, the lb.

- rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every ioo/. of the Value Geldings, See Horfes.	•

Gem Sal, See Sal.

Geneva, See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.

German Linen, See Linen.

Germany, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

Gibraltar.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the Growth or Production of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on Payment of such Duties only as are or shall be payable on the like Goods, when imported direCUy from Africa, See 27 Geo. 3. c. 19.

Gibraltar, Port of.

For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, ■ Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted tp the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, legally imported or brought into the Port of Gibraltar, and imported from thence into Great Britain, See Table (B.)

Gilt Wire, See Wire.

Ginger, the cwt.	-	-

----- the Produce of the Britifli Plantations, Colonies or Settlements in America, or of the West Coaft of Africa, the cwt.

—	preserved, the lb.	-

Ginfeng, the lb.	....

Glass, oi*.

—— Bottles, See Bottles.

—	Crown, German Sheet or any Kind of Window Glass, not being Plate Glafe, the cwt.

—	Flint Glass, the cwt.	-

—	Plate Glass, for every Square Foot Superficial Meafure

—	Glafs Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value -

Glafs is also subject to a Duty of Excife. Glafles for Watches, See Watch Glafles.

Glovers* Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt. -Glue, the cwt.	-

Goat Hair, See Hair.

■ ■ ■ Skins, See Skins.

£. /. d. I 10 o o 10 o 5© o ©

006

;i3 0

130

032

016

4 18 o

630

067 80 o o

049

O 12 O

Drawback.

£•	/•	dk

004

o o

o 1

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Goat Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

— Leaves, See Leaves.

—— Plate, See Plate.

Goods warehoused.

For a Lift of those Goods which may be warehoused or otherwise fecuredon Importation into Great Britain, without Payment of Duty in the First Instance, See Table (F.)

Goofe Quills, See Quills. •

Grain, See Corn.

Grains, vis.

> -----  Guinea	Grains, the lb.

- -	Extract or Preparation of,

See Grains in ExtraCt.

■■ ■■ of Paradise, the lb.

-	Extract	or	Preparation of,

See Grains in ExtraCt.

£.

o

o

I. d.

2 O 2 O

Granilla, the lb.	....

Grapes, for every iooL of the Value

------- Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones, See Stone.

Grease, the cwt. -	.	-

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn, See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex, See Bark.

■ -------Gum, See Gum.

Guernsey, I (land of.

For the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriCtions under which Goods, Wares and Merchandise, • of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of the Iflands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark or Alderney, (Salt excepted, 38 Geo. 3. c. 89.; and Slate and also Stones, not being Burr Stones, See 34 Geo. 3. c. 51. and 42 Geo. 3. c. 95.) may be imported from those Iflands by the Inhabitants thereof, without Payment of any Duty, except such Excife or other Duty as shall be- payable for the like Goods of the Growth, rroduCtion and Manufacture of Great Britain, See 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the said Istands, and Foreign Goods and .Commodities in part or fully manufactured in either of them, and which may legally be imported from thence into Great Britain, are subject to such Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country of which they are the Growth, Product or Manufacture, See 3 Geo. 1. c.4.

o o 10 50 o o

0x8

020

Drawback. £. j. d.

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

£.	/•	d.	£.	/.	d.
0	1	3	0	0	10
0	1	10	0	1	3
0	1	8	0	1	1
0	12	0		—	
0	7	6	0	5	0
0	1	8	0	1	1
0	0	8	0	0	5
0	1	10	0	X	2
0	1	6	0	1	0
0	0	5	0	0	3
0	0	6	0	0	4
0	0	1		—	
0	0	6	0	0	4
0	0	8	0	0	5
1	0	0	0	13	4
0	3	6	0	2	4
0	S	3	0	3	6
0	0	10	0	0	6
0	X	3	0	0	9
0	19	0	0	12	8
0	0	10	0	0	6
0	1	3	0	0	9
0	12	a		—	
0	12	0				

Guinea Grains, See Grains.

■	Pepper, See Pepper.

- — Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, vis.

—	Ammoniac, imported directly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	-	imported not directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -

-----Anime, the lb.

-----Arabic, the cwt.	•	-

—	■ Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.

—	Cashew, the cwt.	-

-----Copal, the lb.

■	Elemi, the lb.	-

-----Guaiacum, the lb.	-	-

-----Juniper, See Gum Sandarach.

-----Kino, or Gum Rubrum Aftringens, the

lb....................................

■■■	Lac, m.

-	- Cake Lac, the lb. -	-	-

-	- Lac Dye, the lb.

-	-	Lac	Lake, the lb. ...

-	- Seed Lac, the lb.

-	- Shell Lac, the lb.

-	-	Stick	Lac, the cwt.

-----Opopanax, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

-	-	- - imported not directly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb.

■■ Rubrum Aftringens, See Gum Kino.

—« Sagapenum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	- imported not directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -—— Sandarach or Juniper, the cwt.

■■	Sarcocolla, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

-	-	- - imported not directly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb«

* Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

——- Senegal, the cwt.

-	-	- imported from any Port or Place in

Europe in a British built Ship, the cwt.	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulation* and Reftric-tions under which Gum Senegal may be so imported. See 25 Geo. 2. c. u.

—	Shell Lac, 1* T • n

-----Stick Uc,	]	See Lzcn Gum.

■	■ ■ Tacamahaca, the lb.

59 Geo. III.	Q

0 2 0

0 I 4

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty

Gum—continued,

Tragacanth, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	-	imported	not directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -

-----Gum not particularly enumerated or described,

nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value	-

Gunpowder, the cwt.	-	-

Gutting Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Gypfum, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	the	Produce	of,	and imported from any

British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, tne Ton containing 20 cwt.

£. x.

o I o I

50 o 3 o

1 11

o 1

•	Drawback.
d.	£. x. d.
0	008
6	010
0	.
0	—
8	—
3	—?

H.

Hair, viz.

—	■■ Camels’ Hair, the lb.	...

—> ■■ Cow, Ox, Bull or Elk Hair, the cwt.

----Goats’ Hair, or Turkey Goats’ Wool, the lb. -

—	Hats made of Hair, See Hats.

-— Horse Hair, for every 100/. of the Value -— Human Hair, the lb.	-

----Hair, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100/. of the Value Hair Powder, the cwt.	-	•

-------------perfumed,	or	perfumed	Du	ft,	the cwt.

Hams, See Bacon.

Handspikes, See Wood.

Hare Skins, See Skins.

----Wool, See Wool.

Harp Strings,. See Catlings.

Hart Horns, See Horns.

Hats, viz.

—	Bail, Chip, Cane, or HorfeHair Hats or Bonnets,

-	-	-	-	each	Hat	or Bonnet not exceed-

ing 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen ...

- • - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen

----Straw Hats or Bonnets,

.... each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen -

- - - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen

—	made of or mixed with Felt, Hair, Wool or

Beaver, the Hat

0	I	8
0	18	4
0	O	6
20	O	0
O	5	0
20	0	0
9	*5	0
13	f3	0

100

2 .O jO

380 6 16 o o 10 6

TABLE (A.)— INWARDS.

Hay, the Load, containing 3 6 Trusses, each Trafs bong 561be.	-

Head Matter, See Train Oil in Oil-Heath for Brushes, the cwt.

Hellebore, the lb.

Hemp, w*.

■ dreffect, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.	-

... imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.

- — .... rough or undreffect, or any other vegetable Subftance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes,

-	-	-	imported in a British built Ship, the

cwt.	-	-

-	-	-	imported in a Ship not British built,

the cwt.	...

... the Produce of the British Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Seed, See Seed.

Oil, See Oil.

Heflen Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Hides, m.

--------Buffalo,	Bull, Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair,

not tanned, tawed, curried or hi any way dreffect,

-	-	-	imported in a British built Ship, the

Hide	-	-

-	-	-	imported in a Ship not British built,

the Hide

-	-	-	tanned, and not otherwise dreffect;

the lb.	-

--------Buffalo,	Bull, Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair,

not being tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dreffect, imported from the West Coaft of Africa, the Hide	-

... Tails, See Tails.

■ —— Elk, See Skins.

— - ■■ ■ Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dreffect,

- - - imgirted in a British built Ship, the

- - - imported in a Ship not British built,

the Hide

*	-	-	tanned, and not otherwise dreffect,

the lb.

Q2

Duty.

£• /• d. 1 4 o

092

006

4 f5 0

500

092 o 10 4

o S o

o o 10 026 O I o

006

o o 10 026

OIO

Drawback. £. /. d.

004

J

£9'GEQ,IU*



*aa	a 52.

i.	■■ —f	mm....  I

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS,

Hides — continued*

—— Lafli Hides, the lb.

■---— Mufcovy or Ruflia Hides, tanned or coloured,

the. lb,	-	-	n

* i ■ < Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty* imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for eyery ioo/. of the Valve

---Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undrefled*

not particularly enumerated or defcribed* nor otherwise charged with Duty* for every tool, of the Value —— Hides, or Pieces of Hide^ tanned, tawed* curried or in any way dressed, not particu-Jady enumerated or described, nor other-wife charged with Duty, for ey^ry iqq/. of the Value	-	-

Hog’s Lard, See Lard.

Hones, the ioo	...

Honey, the cwt.	-

Hoofs of Cattle, for every iooL of the Value

Hoops, viz*

---■ ■ • of Iron, the cwt.	-	-

-------of Wood, the xooo

Hops, the cwt.	-

Horns, Horn Tips, and Pieces of Horne* not other-wife charged with Duty, the cwt.

Horse Hair, See Hair.

—	-■—■■■„ Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

-----Hides, See Hides.

Horfes, Mares or Geldings, each Hulled Barley, See Pearl Barky*

Human Hair* See Hair.

Hungary Water, See Spirited

Hulks or Knubs of Silk, See Knuba in, Silk,

Hufie Skins, See Skins.

D*ty.

£• x.

o I

o i

5 *7

20 O

75 o

* 3 o 15 20 o

1 3 o 15 8 11

0 S

6 13

I and J.

Jalap, the lb.	-	-	-	-.02

Jamaica Wood, See BraziUetto Wood in Wood*

Japonica Terra, See Terra.

Iceland Mofs, See Lichen Iflajidicuflu in Mob*

Jersey, Ifland of. See Guernsey.

Jeflamine Oil, See OiL

Jefuits’ Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.

Jet, the lb.	-	«	*.	-02

— Beads, See Beads.

Jet&un, See Derelid.

*

8

8

6

o

o

o

o

o

9

o

o

o

o

o

o

Drawback. £. 1. I

o 1

AJX18J&

*¥ GEO, tIL

C.5&

329

Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies and all other Precious Stones (except Diamonds), not otherwise enumerated or described, not fet or hi any Way manufactured* for every ioo/. of the Value ■ — fet, Or in any way manufactured, for every ioo/. of the Value Jews9 Pitch, See Bitumen Judaicnrtu India Rubbers, See Caoutchouc.

Indian Corn or Maize, See Corn.

Indigo, the lb.	....

Ink for Printers, the cwt.	-

Inkle, on.

—	■ — unwrought, the lb.

----— wrought, the lb.	-	-

Ipecacuannae Radix, See Radix.

Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms on Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, imported direCtly from thence, are not in any way altered, varied or repealed by any thing herein contained. Set the ACt to whicn this Table is annexed.

Iris Root, See Orice Root.

Iron, o/s.

—	in Bars, or unwrought,

-	- - - the Produce of any British Colony or

Plantation* in America, and imported from thence, the Ttm containing so cwt*

-	- - - the Produce of any other Country,

-	- - - imported in a British built Ship,

the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	flit or hannneted into Rods, and Iron drawn or

hammered, less than | of an Inch Square, --------- - importedin a Britifh

built Ship, the cwt.

--------- - imported in a Ship

not British built, the cwt.

——■ Caft, for every 100/. of the Value ■ Hoops, See Hoops.

old broken, and old cast Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

—	Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	Pig Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- - - - the Produce of, and imported from the British Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Q 3

£. /. if.

20 b b Jfb o o

coy

i 1 o

o o 10

052

12 2

6 10 o 718 4

100

11 6 20 o o

o 17 6 089 o 17 6

080

£. *. d.

2S0

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Iron — continued.  —	Wire, See Wire.  -	 wrought, not otherwise enumerated or described,	£. x. d.	£. t. d.
for every ioo/. of the Value - . -	50 0 0	—
Ifinglass, the cwt. ...	276	—■
tifh Plantations in America, the cwt.	0 15 10	—
Juice of Lemons, Limes or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berries, See Berries.  — ■■ ■ Gum, See Gum Sandarack.  ■ ■ Oil of, See Oil.  Junk, old, See Rags, old.  K,  Kelp, See Alkali.  Kidney Beans, See Beans.  Kid Skins, See Skins.  Kino Gum, See Gum.  Knees of Oak, See Wood.  Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Silk.  L.  Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Lace, viz.	0 1 3	
—	— Silk Lace, for every ioo/. of the Value  —	Thread Lace, viz.  	under Cx. the Yard in Value, the	0  0  %	
Yard  ....... of 5/. and under iox. the Yard in	026	—
Value, the Yard .......of 1 or. and under 15/. the Yard	040	—
in Value, the Yani 	of 1 yx. and under 2ox. the Yard	049	—
in Value, the Yard .......of 2 ox. and under 2jx. the Yard	069	—
in Value, the Yard .......of 25/. the Yard in Value, or  upwards, for every 100/. of	*  00 • 0	
the Value -  Lagan, See Derelid.  Lake Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Lamb Skins, 1 c .  Slink, \S* Skm8* Lambs’ Wool, See Sneep’s Wool in Wool.	40 0 0	
Lamp Black, the cwt. ... Lapis, viz.	3 6 6	—
- Calaminaris, the cwt.	080	—
—— Lazuli, the lb.	032	—

t

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 52,

231

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.  •	Drawback.
Lapis— continued.	L. /. d.	£. /. d.
—Tutiae, the lb. . -	o o 8	—
Lard, the cwt. - - -Lathwood, See Wood.  Latten, vis.	o 8 o	
—	■ Black, the cwt. - -  -	- ■ ■ Wire, See Wire.	O 00 O O	—
Lavender Flowers, the lb. -■ - Oil of. See Oil.  Lawns, See Linen.  Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.  Lead, viz.	O O IO	
— ■ Black, the cwt. -	040	—
	Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	I 16 0	—
	Fig, for every loot, of the Value	20 O O	—
— Red, the cwt. -	084	—
- - White, the cwt. - -Leaf Metal, See Metal.  . Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture wnereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every	O IO 4	
loot, of the Value - -	75 0 0	—
Leaves of Gold, the ioo Leaves	030	—
Leaves of Roses, the lb. ... Lees of Wine, See Wine Lees.	0 0 10	—
Lemons, imported in a British built Ship, the iooo -	imported in a Ship not British built, the iooo  —			Peel of, the lb.  —	Prefcrved in Salt and Water, for every ioo/.	* * 17 6  005	
of the Value *  ..... in Sugar, &* Succades.	20 0 0.	
Lentfles, the Buihel Leopard SkinB, See Skins.*  Lexia Raifins, See Raifins.  Lichen Iflandicus, See Mofs.  Lignum, viz.  ■	Rhodium, See Wood.  Lime Stones, See Stone.  Limes, Juice of, See Juice^  Limonum Cortex, See Lemons, Peel of.  Linen, viz.  — - Cambricks and Lawns* commonly called French Lawns, plain, the Piece not exceeding 8  ♦ Q 4	0  OH  O  O	

C.52.

39° GEO. IIL

▲ J). 1819k

38

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen —- Cambricks and Lawns, continued.  Yards in Length, and not exceeding | of a Yard in Breadth  more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or	£• /* d.	£. M. 1
	096	0  *-  0
not -  ... exceeding 8 Yards in Length, or exceeding f of a Yard in Breadth, the Piece, and in that Proportion for a	020	
greater or less Quantity  more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not  Canvafs, viz.  - • - Hefien Canvafs or Dutch Barr as,  - - - imported in a British built	0 12 O	0 $ 0
	026	
Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes	2 13 I	I 2 4
or not  - - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 Ells  more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes	Oil 2	—
	2 15 6	I * 4
or not  - - - Packing Canvafs, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing or Qu&nfborough Canvafs,  - - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes	OIl8	
	i 15 8	0 15 0
or not  - - - imported in a Ship not Britifh	076	—
built, the 120 Ells  more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes	L 17 4	0  M  0
or not  -■ Damalk Tabling of the Manufa&ure of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, viz•	0 7 xo  f	

I

1 TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen — Damaik Tabling, continued.  ... not exceeding i £111 in Breadth, the	£* /. d*	£. #. d.
Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be fccnredin Warehoufca or not  -	- - exceeding i £11 •§ and under a Elk in  Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured inWarehouses or not  -	- - of the Breadth of a Ells and under	O 10 0 0 2 0	042
	OIl6 0 2 6	0 4 10
3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured m Warehouses or not - - - of the Breadth of 3 Elk or upwards.	O 13 I 029	056
the Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehoufesornot ■■ Damaik Tabling of the Manufa&ure of Sikfia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the Square	O 19 O 040	080
Yard  more, the Square Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not  —	■ Damaik Towelling and Napkhring of the Ma-  nufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not  —	■■■ Damaik Towelling and Napkining of the Ma-  nufacture of Sikfia or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or	0 2 6 0 0 6	010
	0 4° O O IO	018
described, the Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not  	 * Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of the  Kingdom of the United Netherlands, m.  - - - not exceeding 1 Ell f in Breadth, the	O I 3 0 0 3	006
Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in W arehoufes or not	O52  oil	022

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Linen — Diaper Tabling, continued*

-	- - exceeding i Ell \ and under 2 Ells in

Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not ... of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not ... of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard

more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not ■ — Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Silefia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not ——— Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not -	■	Diaper	Towelling	and Napkining of the Ma-

nufacture of Silefia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard

more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not ——■ ■ Drillings and Pack Duck, vix.

-	- - imported in a British built Ship, tbe

120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	- - imported in a Ship not British built,

the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not ■ > German, Switzerland, East Country (except Ruffia), and Silefia Cloth, plain, vix*

£• /. d, 060

o 1	3

0 6 4

o 1 4 091

O I II 0	2X1

OO7 0 2 1 0 0 5

O I 3 0 0 3 4 II I

O 19 2 4 *5 0

100

£. /• d* 026

028

o 3 10

012

o o 10

006

i 18 4

1 18 4

Linen — German, &c. continued.

-	-	-	not exceeding 31£ Inches in Breadth,

.	.	.	•	• imported in a British built Ship,

the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

.	.	-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding 31$ Inches, and not ex-

ceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

.... - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, pay-'	able on the first Entry

thereof, whether to be •	fecured in Warehoufes

or not

...............imported	in	a	Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

..... imported in a British built Ship,

the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

— — Hinderlands, Brown, under 22$ Inches in Breadth,

»	-	-	■ imported in a British built Ship,

the 120 Ells

£. /• d.

2	18 3

o 12 3

3	0 4

o 12 8 6	29

1	5	10

t

6 6 8

1	6	8

989

1	19 9 9 14 9

2	10 I 13 3

Drawback. £. /• d.

1 4 4

1 4 6

2118

2118

3 19 6

3 19 6

o 14 o

I

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Lintn—• Hinderlands, &c. continued.

more, the iso EUs, payable on the first Entry thereof, „	whether	to	be	iecured in

Warehoufes or not * - - - imported in s Ship not British built, the ilo Ella -more, the 120 Ettt, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be fecund in Warehoufes or not

Lawns, viz.

• . . Silefia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambrieks and French Lawns,) not bleached in the Kingdom of the United Netherlands,

..... the Piece not exceeding 6 Yards in Length -

more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	- - Silefia and all other Lawns,plain, (ex-

cept Cambricks and French Lawns,) bleached in the Kingdom of the United Netherlands,

.............the	Piece not exceeding 8

Yards in Length -

more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

- Linen of the Maaufa&ure of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

-	- not exceeding 1 Ell i in Breadth, the

Ell	-

more, the Ell, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not -• - exceeding 1 Ell $ and under 2 EUs in Breadth/ the Ell -

more, the Ell, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not -

Duty.	Drawback.
£. 7. d.	£. x. I
070 1 14 10	0 14 0
074	—
0  o\	028
014*	—
0 711	0 $ 4
0  M  00	— '
0 2 11	O  M  t*
O to  0 0	O I 4
00  0  0	—

Linen, &c.—continued.

-	- of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under

3	Ells in Breadth, the Ell more, the Ell, payable cnq the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehouse* or not -

-	-	of the Breadth of 3 Ella or upwards,

the EU -more, the EU» payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to he fecund in Warehouses or not -

------- Pack Duck, See DriUhgs in Linen.

------ ■ Rufiia Linen, plaia,

-	-	Towelling	and	Najdriuiag	of	the	Ma-

nufacture of Ruma,

-	-	- not exceeding 22k Inch** in Breadth,

- -* imported in a British built Ship, the 1 ao Ella more* the 120 Ella, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehouses

or

not

-	-	-	-	- imported hi a Ship not British

built, the 120 Etti more* the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in WarehouSts or not -Ruffia Linen, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described,

-	-	- not exceeding 22^ laches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a British built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the iao Ells, payable on the first. Entry thereof*, whether to be •	Secured	in Wareboufea

or not

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

buik, the 220 Ells more, the >20 Ella, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehoufes or not - <

-	^ - exceeding 22i Inches, and not ex-

ceeding 31} Inches in Breadth,

£. r. 4 0 3 7

009

052

Oil

1 11 5

0	<S 7

1	14 2

072

1 12 3

069 1 13 n

o 7 1

£. i. (k

016

022

o 13 2

o 13 2

o 13 6

o 13 6

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Linen,—Ruffia Linen, &c. continued

-	- imported in a British built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

.	.	imported	in	a	Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding	31$	Inches,	and not ex-

ceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

-	-	imported	in	a British built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built* the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding	36	Inches,	and not exceed-

ing 45 Inches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a British built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

..............imported	in	a	Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

-	- - exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a British built

Ship, the 120 Ells

Duty.	Drawback-
£. /. dm	£. /. <L
2 11 3	11 6
0 10 9	—
2 13 1	1 1 6
0 11 2	—
3 16 0	1 12 0
0  0  **  0	_
3 >9 4	1 12 0
0 16 8	—
6 17 5	2 17 10
i 8 11	
702	2 17 10
196	—
9 10 0	0  0

Linen,— Raffia Linen, &c. continued•

more, the 120'Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehoufes or not

- - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Elk,pay-able on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured hi Warehoufes or not

-- ■■■■ Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, viz.

-	-	- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a British built

Ship, the 120 Ells

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

-	-	* exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

• - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 Ells

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells —Sauls, for every 100/. of the Value

Note.—Foreign made Saik on board any Ship or Veffel belonging to any of His Majefty’s Subjects, whether in use or not, are to be charged with the like Duties as Foreign made Saik imported by way of Merchandise, See 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. and the 54 Geo. 3. c. 66.

—— ■■ Linen, not being chequered or striped, or not being printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value -more, for every 100/. of the Value, payable on the nrft Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Waifehoufes or not ■■■ Linen, chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, nor worn, nor used in Great Britain, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/. of the Value	-

—	■■	German	and	Ruffia	Linen,	chequered	or

striped, the Thread or Yarn of which the

£. u J.

2 0 0 9 17 16

216

5 7 4 5 13 *

8 19 3

970 104 9 a

63 6 8

13 6 8

172 10 o

Drawback. £. /. 2

400

26 13 4

C. 52.

59° GEO. IIL

AJX1813.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen— Rullia Linen, Scc. continued•	£. /. J.	£. /. 4
fame is made being coloured, stained or dyed before the Manufa&ure, exported to any Ifland under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, in which Description the Bahama I (lands, and the Bermudas or Somers I (lands are ineluded, for every i oo/. of the Value -Linen Yarn, See Yarn.  Linn Boards, See Boards in Wood.  Linfeed, See Seed.  		Cakes, the cwt.	002	117 10 0
■ 	 Oil, Set Oil.  Lion Skins, See Skins.  Lipari Raifins, See Raiiins.  Liquorice Juice, or Succus Liquoritiw, the cwt.	3 15 0	_
	5 10 0	_ I
Liquors. Foreign Liquors-—Dereli&, Jetfam, Flot-fam, Lagan, or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, are subject to the fame Duties, and entitled t<f the fame Drawbacks as Liquors of the like kind regularly imported.  Litharge of Gold or Silver, the cwt.	3 3 4 020	~
Litmus, the cwt. ....	040	_ I
Liverwort, See Lichen Iflandkus in Mots.  Lobfters, See Filh.  Logwood, See Wood.  , Long Pepper, See Pepper.  Lo(h Hides, See Hides.  Lucerne Seed, See Seed.  Lupines, the cwt. ....	050	_
Lutestrings, Catlings. Mace, the lb.	046	0 4 0 I
* ■ ■ the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony or Plantation, the lb. imported under Licence, the lb. - • For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Mace may be so imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. and also 8 Geo. i. c. 18., which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made perpetual.  — Oil of, Set Oil,  Madder, viz,  -< > Mull Madder, the cwt. - - *	036	0 3 2
	046  020	J

Madder—continued.

-■	- Madder Root, and all unmanufactured Mad-

der, the cwt. -

------Madder in any way manufactured, the cwt.

Mahogany, See Wood.

Malta, Ifland of, and its Dependencies.

For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, legally imported or brought into the Ifland of Malta or its Dependencies, and imported from thence into Great Britain, See Table B.

Man, Ifle of.

For the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriCtions under which the Inhabitants of the Ifle of Man may import dire6Uy from thence into Great Britain, Be dials or any Goods, Wares or Merchandife of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the said Istand, not being prohibited to be imported from thence; and Linen Manufactures made in the Ifle of Man of Hemp or Flax, not being the Produce thereof; and also Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the said Istand, without Payment of any Cuftoms or Duties, except such Excife or other Duty as is or may be payable for the like Gooas or Merchandize 01 the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. 20 Geo. 3. c. 42.	34 Geo. 3. c. 51. and

45	Geo. 3. c. 99.

Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

Manna, the lb.	-	-	-

Manuscripts, Books.

Maps and Charts, plain or coloured, each Map or Chart, or Part thereof	-

Marble, See Stone.

Marbles for Children, See Toys.

Mares, See Horfes.

------ Hides, See Horse Hides in Hides.

Marjoram, Oil of. See Oil.

Marmalade, the lb.	-	-

Martin Skins,! 0	01	*

------— Tail*, J ^ee Skln8'

Mastich, imported direCtly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. %

1" - imported not direCtly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	•	-	*

59 Gw. III.	R

£. /. d.

050 o 15 o

£. 1. d.

o 1	3

020

o o 10

o	I	3

o	1	4

020

o o 10 o i 3

242

C.£2.

59® GEO. IIL

AJ). 1819.

TABLE {A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback. 1.
Mall*, See Wood.  Mats, viz.  ■ i i of Ruffia, imported in a British built Ship,	£. s. d.	£. t. d. I
the I go -- - - - - imported in a Ship not British built,	139	
the ioo - - - ' — not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for	1 5 0	
every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0		 I
Matting, for every ioo/. of die Value	50 0 0	—
MattreUes, for every ioo/. of the Value - - ’ Maw Seed, Set Seed.	50 0 0	
Mead or Metheglin, the Gallon  Subject also to a Duty of Excife.  Meal, See Corn. i Medals, viz.  -— of Gold or Silver, Duty free.  Value -	006	"
	*0 0 0	— I
; Medlars, the Bufhel -	0 5 0 1		 I
MelafTes, the cwt. -	« 3 9	
British Plantations in America, the cwt. Melting Pots for Goldfmkhs, See Pots.	0 10 0	“
Mercury prepared, for every tool, of the Value . Metal, vis.	"3  0  0	
■ — — Bell Metal, the cwt. - - -		 ■ Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold), the Packet	too	
containing 250 Leaves - -Metheglin, See Mead.	qp  0  0	“
Mill Boards, the cwt. .... Millet Seed, See Seed.  Mill Stones, See Stone.  Mineral Water, See Water.  Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for	s * *	"
every 100/. of the Value  Mink Skins, See Skins.  Mohair Yarn, See Camel Yam in Yarn. MoUfles, See Mslafies.  Mole Skins, See Skins.	0  0  0	"
Morels, the lb. - -Morocco, Gibraltar.  Mof8>/ viz.	029	“
—- — Lichen Iflandicus, or Liverwort, the lb.  ■ Rock, for Dyers’ Ufe, the Ton containing 20	00  0  0	“
cwt. -  	 not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every	I 15 0	— 1
100/. of the Value ...	20 O O	MOT 1
Muks, each ..... Mum, See Beer.	JOO	1

«AJ).1SI9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 52.

243

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Mufical Inflruments, for every ioo/. of the Value Mufk, the oz. -Mufquafh Skins, See Skins.

Muftard Seed, See Seed.

Myrrh, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-

------ imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	«-

Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. e. d.	£. t. d.
50 0 0		
050	0 3 4
00  O	0 x 1
026	018

N.

Napkining, See Linen.

Nardus Celtics, the cwt. -

Nardus Indica, See Spikenard.

Nation, See Alkali.

Neft Boxes, See Boxes.

Neats Tongues, See Tongues.

Neroli Oil, See Oil of Orange Flower.

Nets, oix. Old Fifhiqg Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafteboard, See Rags.

Nicaragua Wood, See Wood.

Nutmegs, the lb. -

---------- the	Produce	of,	and	imported	from	any

British Colony or Plantation, the lb. -

......— imported under Licence, the lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Nutmegs may be so imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21., and also 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made perpetual.

Oil of, See Oil.

Nutria Skins, See Skins.

Nuts, viz.

----- Cafhew Nuts, the lb.	-

----- Chefnuts, the Bufhel	-

---- Piltachio Nuts, imported directly from the Place

of their Growth, the lb. ----- imported not directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

—	Small Nuts, the Bufhel -

—— Walnuts, the Bufhel	-

—	Nuts not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100/. of the Value Nux Vomica, the lb.

—	- - «	Ex trad or Preparation of, See Extraft.

R 2

100

O 3	6

026

036

020

040

o o 10

o i 3 040 040

so o o 026

0 '3 4

o’ 1 2 023

014

244

C.52,

590 GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.			Drawback.
	£.	s.	d.	£• /. d.
O.				
Oak Bark, See Bark.				
	Boards, See Boards in Wood.				
	Knees, See Knees of Oak in Wood.				
				
Oakum, the cwt. -Oars, See Wood.	0	4	9	—
				
Ochre or Oaker, the cwt. - -	0	6	9	
Oculi Cancrorum, See Cancrorum Oculi. Oil, viz.  — of Almonds, the lb.	0	0	10	
	of Amber or Succinum, the lb. - -	0	5	6	■
— of Anifeed, the lb.	0	4	0	
— of Bay, the lb. - - -	0	0	3	1 -
— of Cajaputa, the oz. - -	0	1	0	
— of Caraway, the lb.	0	2	6	_
—- of Cafiia, the oz. - - -	0	5	0	-
	of Caftor, the lb. -  — Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de-	0	1	3	—
scribed, the lb. - - -	0	4	0	mmmm
— of Cinnamon, the oz. -	0	5	0	
	 of Cloves, the oz. -	0	2	0	
— of Cocoa Nut, the cwt. ...	0	2	6	MM
— of Fennel, the lb. - - -	0	4	0	
	 Fifh Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.				
— of Hemp Seed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	33	5	0	_
	of JefTamine, the lb. -	0	4	0	■ - - -
— of Juniper, the lb. -	0	2	0	__
—— of Lavender, the lb. -	0	4	0	_
— of Linfeed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	33	5	0	—
— of Mace, the oz. -	0	2	6	_
	 of Maijoram, the lb. -	0	4	0		’
	 of Nutmegs, the oz. -  —of Olives, imported in a British built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	0	2	6	—
	15	13	0	—
- imported in a Ship not British built,				
the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	16	*3	0	—
— of Orange Flower or Neroli, the oz. -	0	2	0	—
— of Palm, the cwt. -  «— perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de-	0	2	6	
scribed, the lb. -	0	4	0	
-w of Pine, the lb. - - -	0	0	8	—»
—- of Rape Seed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	33	5	0	—
— of Rhodium, the oz. -	0	5	0	

Oil—continued*

---- Rock OH, the lb.

----of Rofemary, the lb.

-— of Roses, See Otto of Rofes.

—— of Rofewood, the oz.

—	Salad Oil, See Oil of Olives.

---- of Sandalwood, the oz.

—	of Saffafras, the lb.

—	Seal Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

—	Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or defcribec

the Tun containing 252 Gallons —— of Spike, the lb.

----of Succinum, See Oil of Amber.

----of Thyme, the lb.

----Train Oil and Blubber, viz.

-	-	-	Blubber,	the	Produce	of	Fiih	or	Crea

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British built Ship or Veffel, wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subje&s usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iilands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, regif-tered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	- - Blubber, the Produce of Fiih or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Iiland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s SubjeAs* carrying on such Fiihery from that Iiland, or taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iilands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any Britiih Colony or Plantation in North. America, or the Parts, adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s usually residing in any of the laid Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fiihery from thence, and imported, di-re&ly from such Places, Iilands, Colonies or Plantations, in a Britiih built Ship or Veffel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

For the Sufpenfion of the above Duty on Blubber, imported di-re&ly from the Jilana of New-R 3

£. /. d. o o 10 040

050

026

O 2'	6

33 5 o 040

040

a 5. 6

o 13

£.

PU-

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS*

Train Oil and Blubber, continued.

foundiand until the 5th July 1824,

> &rthe A& to which this- Table is I annexed.

-	- Blubbery the Produce of Fife or Crea- .

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught • wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufu* : ally reading in any other Britife Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and, imported in a Britife built • Ship or Veflel, registered and navigated t according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	-	-	!

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Blubber may be admitted to Entry as. Britife taken and caught* on Payment of Duty as before-mentioned > (as the case may be)t, See the 1 49 Gbo. 3. c. 98- and the A£b to which thin Table is annexed.

-	- Blubber, the Produce of Fiih ov Crea* I

tures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fife-. ( ing, the Tun.containing 252 Gallons - j For the Conditions ana Regulations : according to- which the Quantity 1 of Oil contained in Blubber, im- ; ported from- the Greenland Sean . or Davis’s Streights, is to be f ascertained, See 39- 8c 40 Geo. 3* ‘ c. £ 1 • and 43	3*

-	- Train Oil, the Produce of Fife or Crea*

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a Britife built Ship or Veflel, wholly owned by His Majcfty’b ; Subje&s usually residing in Great ' Britain, Ireland, or the Iftandfr of * Guernsey, Jfcrfey, Alderney, Sark or > Man, registered and navigated accord- ) ing to Law, and imported in any fticb : Shipping, the* Tun containing 252 Gallons -	-	--	»

-	- Train Oil, the Produce of Fife- or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Iflaod of Newfoundland and Pbrts actiacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjem. carrying on such Fifeery from that IiUuid^ or' taken and caught wholly by His * Majefty’s Subje&s usually redding m

Duty.

£. /. d

y to to

aa 3 4

q 8	3

Drawback. 1 fi. r* d.

jlh im

*9*GE(X2IL

CS9.

*47

Ofl—Train Oilr continued.

any of the Bahama or Bermudas Istands, * or taken and caught in the Gulph of St* LawKiat) or oa the Shores of any Britifli Colony or Plantation in North America, or tne Parte adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufuaUy redding in any of the said Colonies or Plantations* and carrying on such Fiihery from thence, and imported di-redfcly from filch Places, Istands, Colonies or Plantadona in a Britolh built Ship or Veflel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, the Tua containing 250 GaDon*

For the Suijpenfioa of the above Duty oar Train Oil, imported di-re&ly fronr the Iflaad of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824,. See the A& to which thin Table is annexed*

-	- - Train Oil, the Produce of Fi& or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjje&s ufu-ally redding in any other Britifli Colony, Plantation, Territory* or Settlement, and imported in a Britifli built Ship or Veffel, registered and navigated according to Law) the Tua containing 252 Gallons	...

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&one* under which Train Cm may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of Daty as before mentioned (as the case may be), See the 49 Gen 3. e. 98* and the A& to which this Table is annexed*

-	-	-	Train	Oil, the Produce of Fifh or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, of Foreign Filing, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -— Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce at Fi(h or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught bv the Crew of a Britifli built Ship or Veflel, wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subjedta ufuafly redding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any fueh Shipping, the Tun containing 25* Gallons R 4

Duty* £• /• d.

£.*•<&

too

8 6 3

n 5 «

o S j

248

C. 52.

59°. GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Oil — Spermaceti Oil, continued,	£. /. d.	£• s. d. I
— Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fifli or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjedls carrying on fucn Fifhery from that Istand, or taken and caught wholly by His Majeily’s Subjects usually re-fiding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Istands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjedls usually redding in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying , on such Fifhery from thence, and imported directly from such Places, Istands, Colonies or Plantations in a British built Ship or VeiTel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	100	
For the Sufpendon 01 the above Duty on Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, imported directly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Adi to which this Table is annexed.  — Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fifli or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjedls usually redding in any other Bntifli Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British built Ship or Veffel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	24 18 9	
For the Conditions, Regulations and Re-ftridions, under which Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of Duty as before mentioned (as the case may be), See the 49 Geo. 2. c. 98. and the Adi to which this Table is annexed.  — Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of -Fifli or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fifhing, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	34 >8 3	I
	 of Turpentine, the lb. - - -	0 0 8	— I
	of Vitriol, the lb. -	0 0 6	—— 1
	 Walnut Oil, the lb. - - -	0 0 6	— 1
	Whale Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.  —— Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value ....	O  O  O  ***	1

A.D.1819.

590 GEO. III.

C. 52,

249

Oker, See Ochre.

Olibanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the cwt.	-

--------imported not directly from the Place of

its Growth, the cwt.

Olive Wood, See Wood.

Olives, the Gallon	-	-	-

-----Oil of. See Oil.

Onion Seed, See Seed.

Onions, the Buihel .... Open Tapes, See Tapes. .

Opium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	...

----- imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	...

-----Extra& or Preparation of. See Extra&.

Opopanax Gum, See Gum.

Orange Flower Oil, See Oil.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon

Oranges, imported in a British built	Ship,	the	1000

—-	imported in a Ship not British built,	the	1000

--------Juice of, See Juice.

--------Peel of, the lb.	-

Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt.

Orchelia, See Orchal.

Ordinary Oil of Olives, See Oil.

Ore, viz.

£. /■ d.	£. /. d.
276	x 11 8
3 11 3	276
026	—
030	—
0  Os  O	0 6 0
0 13 6	090
032	
1 5 0	—
176	—
006	
0 16 8	—

— Copper, See Copper. ----Gold, See Bullion. .

-----Iron, See Iron.

—	Lead, See Lead.

—	Platina, See Platina.

—	Silver, See Bullion.

— Ore not otherwise enumerated «or described, for	
every 100/. of the Value - -	20 0 0
	Specimens of, See Specimens.	
Orpiment, the cwt. ....	186
Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt. - -	1 8 6
Orfedew, the lb. -	0 1 3
Oftrich Feathers, See Feathers.	
— Wool, See Wool.	
Otter Skins, See Skins.	
Otto or Attar or Oil of Roses, the oz.	060
Ounce Skins, See Skins.	
Outnal Thread, See Thread.	
Ox Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.	

—- Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides. —— Horns, See Horns.

— Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails. Oyfilers, See Fiih.

G5&

$9° GEO. in.

A.D.1&1&

150

£. r. d.

£. /. d

fcack Duck, See Drilling? in Linen*.

Packing Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Pack Thread, See Thread. '

Painted Paper, See Paper.

Painters' Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every tool. of the Value Paintings on Glass, for every ioo/. of the Value Subjeft also to a Duty erf Eaciie.

Paling Bo^rd*, See Board? in Wood.

Palm Oil, See Oil.

Panther?’ Skins, See Skins.

Pantiles, See Tiles.

Paper, viz..

—— Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage only, without Separating- or extra&ing the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Multure of other Materials therewith, the lb. —- printed, painted or stained Paper, or Paper Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard Square —■» ■— Wafte raper, or Paper of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise chaiged with Duty, the lb. Paradise, Grains of, See Grains.

Parchment, the Dozen Sheets Pafteboarda, the cwt. ...

Paving Stones, See Stone.

■------Tiles, See Tiles.

Pearl A(hes, See Allies.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.	....

Pearls, for every ioo/. of the Value

Pear?, the Bufhet ...	-

-------dried, the Bulhel	-

Peafr, See Corn.

Pebble Stones, See Stone.

PelKtory, the lb.

Pelts, See Skins.

Pencils, for every ioo/. of the Value

-	-- of Slate, See Slate Pencils.

Pens, for every kx>A of the Value	-	-

Peony Seed, See Piony Seed in Seed.

Pepper, viz.

—-—	Cayenne Pepper, the lb.	-

* - -	■ Guinea Pepper, Capficum, or GhiHses, the Ms

Extra£fc or Preparation of Guinea Pepper, See Extract.

—	■> Long Peppej, the lb.

50 o o 80 o* o

0	0	10
0	1	7
0	1	7
0	IO	0
3	8	2
0	*7	6
5	©	©
0	7	6
©	10	0
0	0	6
5*>		0
SO'	0	©
		•
©	2	
©	2	*
0	2	0

004

AJX1A19.

59* GEO. IH.

a sa.

951

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Doty.	Drawback.
Pfcrfumed Duft, See Hair Powder. ■ ■■ Oil> See Oil.	€. /. d.	£. * /,
Perryr the Tun ccmtaking 252 Gallons  Subject also to a Duty of Excifc. Peruvianus Cortex, See Peruvian Bark in Bark. Pickles of all Sorts, aot otherwise enumerated or de-	17 1 a	
feribed, the Galion: -Pi&uee Frames, See Frames.  Pi&ures, viz.  	 under Two Feet Square, the Pi&ure  		of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet	05a  380	
Square, the Pi&ure 	 of Four Feet Square, or upwards, thr	6 16 0	—
Pi&ure -Pig Iron, See Iron.  	Lead, See Lead.  Pill Boxes, See Boxes.  Pimento, via.  	of the British Plantations, tihe tix.  	 not of the British. Plantations, the lb.  Pine Oil, See Oil.	i>a 4 0  a* 0 La ! 0 * 5	OO9
Pink Root, the lb. -Piony or Peony Seed, See Seed.	O Or ro	r Q> O 6
Pipe Boards, See Boards in. Wood-Piftachio Nuts, See Nuts.  Pitch, viz.		
— imported in a British. built Ship, the cat.	; a 0 to	—
— imported in a Ship not British hoik, the cwt. 	the ftoduce of aay Bakifh Colony or Plant-	0 a u	1 	
ation, the cwt. - - -	009.		*
—- Burgundy Pitch, the cwt. - - -  	Jew’s Pitch, See Bitumen. Judaic urn.  Plain Tiles, See Tiles.  Plants, Shrubs, and Trees alive. Duty free..	a 14 3;	
Plafter of Paris, the cwt. -Plate, viz.  	battered, fit only to he nenmufadured. See-  Bullion.	026	
	of Gold, the oz. Troy -		—
— of Silver Gilt, the oa- Trey -	0 6* 4		•
	of Silver, part Gilt^ the ez- Troy	0 6 0	—
- - - ungilt, the* oz. Tsoy Plated Wire, See Gilt Wine in. Wire*	046	i —
	f	1
Plate Glass, See Glafs.		
Platina, the oz. - - «...	O L O	« —
Ore of, for every booLof the Value*  | Platting, or other Manufactures* to he used in os	5 0 0  t	
proper for making: Hats or1 Bonnot at mm 1 -		 of Baft, Chip, Cano: or fitarih Hair,, the lb.	•	
	.060	
| — of Straw, the lb. ...	i 0 I17 O-	

Playing Cards, See Cards.

Plums, dried, the lb.

Polifhing Rufhes, for every ioo/. of the Value

——- Stones, Sec Stone.

Polonia Wool, See Wool.

Pomatum, for every ioo/. of the Value

Pomegranates, the iooo -	-	-

------------- Peels	of, the cwt.

Poppies Heads, See Capita Papaverum.

Porcelain, See China Ware.

Portugal, Territories and Dominions of the Crown of.

Note. — Goods, Wares and Merchandife being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, imported directly from any of the said Territories or Dominions, in a Ship or Veflel built in any of the said Territories or Dominions, or taken by any Ship or Veflel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Veflel belonging to any of the Subje&s of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, having Commiffions and Letters of Marque and Reprifals from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as-lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, such Ship or Veflel being owned by Subje&s of the (aid Government, and navigated with a Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at least Subje&s of the said Government, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Im-

?ortation from any other Foreign Country in Iritifh built Ships or Vefleis, owned, navigated and regiilered according to Law ; and in Cafes where different Duties are imposed upon any Goods, Wares and Merchandise, of the like Denominatioiror Defcription so imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowest Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in British built Ships or Veflels of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, from any Foreign Countiy; and on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the fame Drawbacks shall be paid or allowed as on other Goods of the like Defcription exported; and on the Exportation of any Goods to the faid

£. /. d.

°	1	3

20 o o

50 o o I 10 o o 15 O

Drawback. £• a d.

A/D. 1819.

• 59* GEO- III.

C. 52.

253

Portugal, dec. — continued.

Territories or Dominions, the fame Drawbacks shall be paid or allowed as on the Exportation of Goods of the like Description, when exported to any of the Istands, Plantations or Coionics, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in America, See 51 Geo. 3. c. 47. which Aft is to be in force during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent of Portugal. Signed at Rio de Janeiro, the 19th February 1810.

Pot Afhes, See Allies.

Potatoes, the cwt.	-

Pots, viz,

—	Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100

—	of Stone, for every 100/. of the Value Pottery, See Earthenware.

Powder, viz.

— ■	of Brafs, for japanning, the lb.

—	■ of Bronze, for every 100/. of the Value

—	Gunpowder, See in G.

—	Hair Powder, See in H.

■	Powder, not otherwise enumerated or de-

feribed, that will serve for the fame Ufes as Starch, the cwt.	-	-

Precious Stones, See Jewels.

Printers’ Ink, See Ink for Printers.

Prints and Drawings, viz.

------Plain, not exceeding a Foot square, each

-	- - exceeding a Foot square, each

------Coloured, not exceeding a Foot square, each -

-	exceeding a Foot square, each Pranelle Sal, See Sal.

Prunelloe8, die lb.

Prunes, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the cwt. Puddings, See Saufages.

Pumice Stone, See Stone.

Pyrmont Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Q.

Qualfia, the cwt.	-

Extraft or Preparation of, See Extraft.

£. 1. d.

£.

032 50 o o

056 50 O o

9 10 o

o

o

o

o

0

1 I

8 17 6

Quebec.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which Goods and Commodities of the

£54

ass.

59° GEO. IIL ■

A.D.1S1S.

TAJJLE (A.) —INWARDS.	D«y.	Drawback.
•Quebec—continued\  Growth or Production of any of the Coun- ; tries bordering on the Province of Quebec^ ; and legally brought by Land or Inland Na- , vigation into that Province, may be imported from thence and chained with Duty, or i exempted therefrom in uke manner aa if such . Goods and Commodities were of the Growth , or Production of Quebec, and imported di- i redtly from thence, Sne 30 Geo. 3. c. 09. I Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, See Bark. 1 Quern Stones, See Stone.	£• /. d.	£• /. d.
Quickfilvor, the lb. -Quills, vita.  ■ — ■ Goofe Quills, the 1000 -  	 Swan Quills, the 1000 - -  Quinces, the 100 «... Quince Seed, See Seed.  R.  Raccoon Skins, See Skins.  Radix, vm.	018  026  0120  0401	O t 1
» — ■ Contrayervae, the lb*	018	0-2 1
■ 	Enulse Campanse, the cwt.	0 13 6	090
—— Eringii, the lb. — -	006	004
	 Ipecacuannae, the lb.	040	Ol8
■ ■ — Rhatanise, the lb. ...  - - - ExtraCl or Preparation of, See Extract. ,	010	O I 4
— Senekae, the lb.  ■■■— Serpentariae or Snake Root, the lb.  Rag Stones, See Stone.  Rags, vis.  ■■ old Rags, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fiibing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafteboard, the Ton containing 20 cwt.,  -	- - - imported in a British built Ship  -	- - - imported in a Ship not Rritifh built —Woollen Rags fit only for the purpose of Manure, the Ton containing 20 cwt.,  -	- - - imported in a British built Ship  -	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifli built -Raifins, vis.  Ship, the cwt. 	imported in a Ship not Btt-	019	0 12
	019  t  160  I ID O  O 13 O O 15 O	0 12
	IOO	O l8 O
ti(h built, the cwt.-	I to	O l8 O

R aiiLos—continued.

------of the Sun, imported in a British built Ship,

die cwt. -- -	-	-	imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt.

------ of any other Sort, imported in a British built

Ship, the cwt. ------ imported in a Ship not

British built, the cwt. -Note.—No Allowance of the Duty on Raifins to be made on account of Damage.

Rape Cakes, the cwt. -

—	Seed, See Seed.

—	Seed Gil, See Oil.

----of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

Ratasia, See Cordial Water in Spirits.

Rattans, See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn, See Yarn.

----Silk, See Silk.

Red Lead, See Lead.

—• Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

-----Wood, See Wood.

----Wool, See Wool.

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rein Deer Tongues, See Tongues.

Rennett, the Gallon	-

Refina Jalappar, the lb.	-	-

Rhatany Root, See Radix Rhatanix.

Rhinehurst, the cwt.	...

Rhodium Lignum, See Lignum Rhodium in Wood. Ou of. See Oil.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, vis.

— the Produce of, and imported directly from any British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Dominion,

-	-	not	being	rough	and in the Hufk, the

cwt.	-	-	-

-	-	-	if	rough and in the Hufk, the cwt. -

---- not being the Produce of, and imported dire&ly

from any British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Dominion, and Riee the Produce of any other Country or Place,

... not being rough and in the Hulk, the cwt.	-	-	-

-	- - if rough and in the Hufk, the cwt. Riga Balfara, See Bali am.

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rock Mois, See Mofs.

Duty-

Drawback.

£. i. eL 226 236 120 13 © ;

0 0 2 1 II 1 4

€

9

0 H 3

040

5

2

o 15 o 10

1 i4 o 1 i4 o a o o too

046 096

0*8

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Rock Oil, See Oil.

Rocou, See Annotto.

Ropes of Baft, See Baft Ropes.

■	■■ ■ — New, See Cordage.'

■	Old, See Rags.

Rofe Copper, See Copper.

Rofemary, Oil of, See Oil.

Roses, Leave* of. See Leaves

------Oil of, See Otto of Roles.

Rofe Wood, See Wood.

----------- Oil	of,	See	Oil.

Roiin or Calophonia,

■	■	■ ■ '	■	■■	imported	in	a	Britifh	built	Ship,	the

' Duty. £. /. d.

Drawback. £./. d.

cwt.	-

..............imported in a Ship not British built,

the cwt. -	-

» ■■ ■■	the Produce of any of the Domi-

nions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the cwt.	-

Round Wood, See Wood.

Rubies, See Jewels.

Rum, See Spirits.

Ruffia Linen, See Linen.

■ - Mats, See Mats.

Rye, See Com.

049

056

032

S.

Sabadilla Seed, See Seed.

Sable Skins,. See Skins.

Saccharum Satumi* the lb.

Safflower, the cwt.	-

Saffron, the lb.	-	-

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sau Cloth or Sail Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen. Sails, See Linen.

Sal, vjp.

—— Ammoniac, the lb. -

--- Gem, the cwt.	....

---Limonum, the lb.

--- Prunelle, the lb.

--- Succini, the lb.	-

Salad Oil, See Oil of Olives.

Salep or Salop, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, tne lb.

■ ■ .■■■■■■— imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Salt, Duty free.

Salt i* subject to a Duty of Excife.

o b 10 089 076

006

050

006

080

049

006

013 o o 10 O I 10	013

A.D.3819.

59°. GEO. III.

C 52.

257

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Saltpetre, the cwt.	-

Sand Boxes, See Boxes.

Sandal Wood, Oil of. See Oil.

Sandarach Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, imported directly From the Place of its Growth, the lb.

■ --------------- imported	not	dire&ly	from the

Place of its Grqprtn, the lb. -Santa Maria Wood, See Wood.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sark, Iiland of. See Guernsey.

Sarfaparilla, the lb.	-	-

Saflahras, the cwt. -	...

■■ Bark, See Bark.

-	■■ Oil of, See Ofl.

Saunders, viz*

■ ■ — Red, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	«-

----- ■ White or Yellow, the lb.

Saufages or Puddings, the lb.

Scaleboards, the cwt.	...

Scammony, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

——— imported not dire6lly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Scilla, See Squills.

Scio, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

Sculptured Marble, See Stone.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morfe Teeth, the cwt. -Sealing Wax, See Wax.

Seal Oil, See Train Oil in OiL

Duty.

£. s. d. 006

018

026

0 12 064

o 15 o o o 10 013 382

o 6

340

Drawback.

£. /. d.

Oil

018 o o 10

042

064

—	Skins, See Skins.

Seed, viz*

---- A mini or Amios Seed, the lb.

---- Annifeed, the cwt.	-

— Canary Seed, the cwt.	-

----Caraway Seed, the cwt.	-	-

—	Carrot Seed, the lb.	-

1	Carthamus Seed, the lb.

■■	■	Caftor Seed, the lb.	-

---- CevadiUa Seed, See Sabadilla Seed.

—	Clover Seed, the cwt.	-

---- Cole Seed, the Laft	-	-	-

----	Coriander Seed, the cwt.

----Cummin Seed* the cwt.,

----- Fennel Seed, the lb.	-	-	-

■	Fenugreek Seed, the cwt.

------ Flax Seed, the Bufhel	-

■	—	Foreft Seed, for every 100/. of the Value

■	—	Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or

59 Gbo. III.	S

0	0	6
3	0	0
3	0	0
1	0	0
0	0	9
0	0	6
0	1	0
1	0	0
10	0	0
0	15	0
1	0	0
0	0	9
0	9	6
0	0	5
25	0	0

1

TABLE <A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Seed—Garden Seed, continuedL

described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.	-	-

■	Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing Eight

Bufhels	-

- -	- the Produce of, and imported from the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Quarter containing Eight Bufhels

■	■ - Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds not otherwife

charged with Duty commonly made use of for the purpose of extra&ing Oil therefrom, (whenever the Price of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above 17/. ioj. per Laft), such Seed being of the Growth of any of the Coionics, Plantations or Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, and imported from thence, the Laft containing Ten Quarters, each Quarter containing Eight Bufhels -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reft ri&ions, under which such Seed may be so imported on Payment of the last mentioned Duty, See ic Geo. 3. c. 54., and 30 Geo. 3. c. 4r.

.... Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds not otherwife

charged with Duty, commonly made use of for the purpose of extra&ing the Oil therefrom (whenever die Price of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above 20/. per Laft), imported in a British Ship* from any Country whatever, the Laft containing Ten Quarters, each Quarter containing Eight Bufhels For the Conditions, Regulations and Re* ftri&ions, under which such Seed may be so imported on Payment of the last mentioned Duty, See 15 Geo. 3. c. 34. 30 Geo. 3. c. 41. See also 35 Geo. 3. c. 117. continued by several Statutes and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made per petual.

» - ■ Linfeed, the Bufhel

■	.. Lucerne Seed, the cwt.

>*■■■■ Maw Seed, the cwt.

■	■■■ — Millet Seed, the cwt.

-----Muftard Seed, the cwt.

— Onion Seed, the cwt.

■■ ■■ Piony, or Peony Seed, the lb.

----- Quince Seed, the lb. -	-

----- Rape Seed, the Laft

•— Satjadilla, or Cevadilla Seed, the lb. -

£. /• d.

. O I o o 17 6

o o 10

£. r. d.

040

040

0	0	5
0	12	6
3	0	0
0	11	6
0	9	4
2	10	6
0	0	6
0	3	0
10	0	0
0	1	0

TABLE (A.)-INWARDS.

Seed— continued.

—— Worm Seed, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- -	- imported not directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -—Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/• of the Value	-	-

Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

—	Oil, See Oil.

Sena, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

—	imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Senegal Gum, See Gum.

Senekse Radix, 1 « p Serpentariae Radix, j Shaven Latten, See Latten.

Shaving for Hats, See Platting.

Sheep Skins, See Skins.

------Wool, See Wool.

Shell Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel and Furniture (except Sails) for every ioo/. of the Value

■	■ — Tonnage Duty thereon, See Table E.

Shrubs, See Plants.

Shumach, See Sumach.

Sienna Terra, See Terra.

Silefia Lawns, See Lawns in Linen.

—	■ — Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

Silk, viz.

—	Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

■	■ i Raw Silk, the lb.	•

------ Thrown Silk, dyed, the lb.

----- not dyed, the lb.

—	Wafte or Flofs Silk, not otherwise enumerated

or described, the lb.

Silk Worm Gut, for every ioo/. of the Value Silver Coin, See Bullion.

■"	■ Plate, See Plate.

—	Wire, See Wire.

Simarouba Cortex, See Bark.

Singing Birds, See Birds.

Sifters* Thread, See Thread.

Skates for Sliding, for every ioo/. of the Value Skins and Furs, viz.

—	Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin

■	Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin

* - - - undressed, imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, th$ Skin S 2	■

Duty.	Drawback.
£• /. d.	£. x. d.
o *i 6	010
O 2 3	016
0  0  o	—
o  M  o*	0 0 10
o I io	013
50 0 0	—
0 4 0	01-8
056	039
256	0 19 2
0 14 S	062
040	018
20 0 0	
Vn  0  0  0	
016	O I 4
046	——
026	.m

A

Skins —continued.

—	Beaver Skins, undressed, the Skin

*	- -	-	-	undressed,	imported from any

British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin —— Buck or Deer Skins, See Deer Skins.

—	Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins.

—— Calves’ Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed,

-	-	-	-	imported in a British built Ship,

the Dozen Skins

-	-	-	-	imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Dozen Skins

-	-	-	-	tanned and not otherwise dressed,

the lb.

—— Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin

*	-	-	-	undressed,	imported	from	any	Britifh

Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

—	Coney Skins, undressed, the ioo Skins

—	Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin

-	-	-	-	undressed,	imported	from	any	Bri

tifh Colony, Plantation or Set tlement in America, the Skin

-	-	Indian,	half dressed or shaved, the Skin

—	— Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed,

-	-	- - imported in a British built Ship, the

Dozen Skins

*	- - - imported in a Ship not Britiih built

the Dozen Skins —-— Dog Fifh Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins ■— ■ ■ Elk Skint in the Hair, not tanned, tawed curried, or in any way dressed,

- - - - imported in a British built Ship

the Skin

- - - - imported in a Ship not British built,

the Skin

—— Ermine Skins, undreffect, the Skin

—	- Fifhers’ Skins, undressed, the Skin

-	-	-	-	undressed,	imported from any

British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin ■	-	Fitches	Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

—Fox Skins, undressed, the Skin

*-	-	-	undressed,	imported	from	any	Britifh

Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

-	-Tails, undressed, for every 100L of the

Value	-

£. /. J. o o 8

004

020

070

010

006

003

O I o

004

0 0 2 0 0 8

o o 10

056

052

0 2 0 OO8 OIO

0 0 6 0 2 2 0 0 8

OO4 to o o

Drawback. £. /. d.

007

o 2 10

Skins—continued.

__ Goat Skins, viz.

-	-	- raw or undressed, imported in a Britifh

•	built	Ship,	the

Dozen Skins ----- imported in a Ship not British built, the Dozen Skins .... tanned, the Dozen Skins Hare Skins, undressed, the loo Skins —— Hufle Skins, undressed, the Skin —— Kid Skins, in the Hair, the ioo Skins .... dressed, the ioo Skins

—	Kip Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, cur

ried, or in any way dressed,

-	-	- imported in a Britifli built Ship, the

Dozen Skins ...

-	-	- imported in a Ship not British built,

the Dozen Skins

-	-	tanned and not otherwise dressed,

the lb. -

—	Lamb Skins, viz.

-	-	- - tannedor tawed, the ioo Skins -

.... dressed in Oil, the ioo Skins

—	Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin —- Lion Skins, undressed, the Skin

—	Martin Skins, undressed, the Skin

-	-	-	- undressed, imported from any

British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin -

-	-	Tails, undressed, the ioo Tails

—	Mink Skins, undressed, the Skin .... undressed, imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin -

-	-	- - dressed, the Skin

—	Mole Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

—- Mufquafh Skins, undressed, the ioo Skins - -

—	Nutna Skins, undressed, for every ioo/. of the

Value ....

------ Otter Skins, undressed, the Skin

* ... - undressed, imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Set-- tlement in America, the Skin -—— Ounce Skins, undressed, the Skin ~ Panther Skins, undreffect, the Skin

—	Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen Pelts ..... dressed, the Dozen Pelts

-	- of all other Sorts, undressed, the ioo Pelts -..........- Raccoon Skins, undressed, the Skin

S 3

£>• s. d.	£•
o  N  o	—
O 12 8	
2 0 0	—
O56	—
0 0 6	—
OI7	O 1
2 0 0	
0 6 0	—
O l8 O	—
OIO	—
2 0 0	—
4 0 0	—
096	O 9
060	—
0 0 6	
OO3	
O l6 3	015
OO4	“
0 0 2	
0 2 0	—
0 0 6	0 0
0 12 6	—
20 O O	_
Ol6	—*
OIO	
076	—
096	—
030	—
0 6 0	—
0 17 0	—
,002	
«	

1

262

C.52.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1819» -

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback, f
Skins— Raccoon Skins, continued.	H	jL. /• d* 1
----- undreffect, imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin - - fc	OOI	_
— Sable Skins, undreffect, the Skin	O84	0 7 6 I
- - Tails or Tips of Sable, undreffect, the Piece - -	0 13	0 1 f
■■ — Seal Skin8 in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreffect,  - - - - - - imported in a British built Ship, the Skin	OO3	_
- - .... imported in a Ship not British built, the Skin	0 13	_
- - - - cured with Foreign Salt, and imported in a British built Ship, the Skin ...	0 0 3	_
- * - - of British taking, and imported directly from Newfoundland, the Skin	0 0 1	_
- ^ - cured with Foreign Salt, 1 the Skin	OOI	_
For the Sufpeniion of the above Duties on | Seal Skins, imported directly from the I (land of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the A& to which this Table is annexed.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Re-, drift ion s, under which such Skins may be so imported upon Payment of the said Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. 32 Geo. 3. c. 22. and 49 Geo 3. c. 20.  	Sheep Skins, undressed in the Wool, the Dozen  Skins ...	023	
- - - - tanned or tawed, the 100 Skins -	2 0 0		 I
- - - - dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins	4 0 0		 I
— Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undreffect, the 100  Skins	on 6	0 10 4 I
- - - - - - - - tawed, the 100 Skins	0 17 6		 I
------- Tails, undreffect, for every  100/. of the Value	20 0 0	_
. - Swan Skins, undreffect, the Skin	023		 I
■ - Tyger Skins, undreffect, the Skin —— Weafel Skins, undreffect, the 100 Skins	096	0861
	0 4 9	0 4 3 1
■ Wolf Skins, undreffect, the Skin	020	
# - - - undreffect, imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin -	010	_
- - tawed, the Skin ...	0 17 6		 1
—— Woherings, undreffect, the Skin	010	~ 1

Skins—Wolverings* continued1

-	-	undreffect,	imported	from	any	Bri-

tifh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin - -■ Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every iqoL of the Value —— Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreiTed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -

The Duty on Skins, marked*, being the Produce of and imported directly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, is fuf-pended until the 5th July 1824. See the A& to which this Table is annexed. Slate, See Stone.

Slate Pencils, for every 100/. of the Value Slate, Tables of,

Slates in Frames, See Stone.

Slick Stones,

Smalts, the lb.

Smyrna Raifins, See Raifins.

Snake Rodt, See Radix Serpentariae.

Snuff, Duty free.

rcry

1

Soap, viz.

------ Afhes, See Afhes.

—	Hard, the cwt. •

—	Soft, the cwt.

Soapers’ Wafte, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes.

Soda, See Alkali.

Spa Ware, for every 100Z. of the Value

—— Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Spanifh Wool, See Wool.

Spars, See Wood.

Specimens of such Minerals, Folds or Ores which are not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding in Weight I4lbs«, the lb.	...

■	■■	■	exceeding	in	Weight	i^bs.	each, for every

100/. of the Value -	-

Speckled Wood, See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt. -

Spermaceti, vi%*

—	Candles,	See	Candles.

S 4

d.

006

20 o o

.75 o o

d.

*	0  0  0
-	009$
	4 10 0
-	3i*3
m	032
-	V|  0  0  0

002

20 O o

8 6

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Spermaceti—continued.

-	----Fine, the lb.

---- ■■ Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Spike, Oil of, See Oil.

Spikenard, or Nardus Indica, the lb.	-

Spirits, viz.

------- Arquebufade	Water, Hungary Water, La-

vender Water, or Ufquebaugh, the Gallon

-	■ Brandy, imported in a British built Ship, the

Gallon	-	-

-	- imported in a Ship not British built,

the Gallon -

------- Citron Water, the Gallon

------ — Geneva, imported in a British built Ship, the

Gallon	-

-	-	-	imported in a Ship not British built,

the Gallon	-

= lSSwS, } Arquebufade Water.

-------- ■ Rum, the Produce of any British Colony or

Plantation in America, the Gallon -

-	-	of	any other Sort, the Gallon *

-	....Ufquebaugh, See Arquebufade Water.

1 ■ Spirits and Cordial, or Strong Waters not particularly enumerated or aescribed, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon -Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excife.

—- — ■ Foreign Liquors —Derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck brought or coming into Great Britain, are subject to the fame Duties and entitled to the fame Drawbacks as Liquors of the like kind, regularly imported. Spokes for Wheels, See Wood.

Sponge, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	■ imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	-

Spruce Beer, See Beer.

-	■	■ Edence of, See Effence.

-	- - Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Squills, dried, the cwt.	-	-	-

------- not dried, the cwt.	-

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.	,

Stag Homs, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt. -	-	-	-

StatuePof Marble or Stone}	Marble

sculptured,	- -f m Stone’

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. t. d.
o i 6	
*029	0 1 10
056	—
0 1 10	—
020	—
0 10 9	
0 1 10	—
020	—
0, 1 3	.
016	
056	—
0  0	O I 4
0  u>  O	020
IOO	w*mm
050	
9 10 0	—:

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. d.
003	
180	0 18 8
-	
O  O  O	—
	1
0  0  0	—
O  O  O	—
O  O  &	—
3 16 0	—
6 3 6	
020	—
50 0 0	
026	. —
-	
026	—
0 0 10	—
006	_
20 0 0	
032	
064	—

Statues—continued.

—-----of Bronze or any Sort not otherwise charged

with Duty, the lb.

Stavesacre, the cwt.	-

Staves, See Wood.

Steel, or any Manufacture of Steel, not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every ioo/• of the Value	-

---- Wire, See Wire.

Stibium, Antimony.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sticks, vi*. Walking Sticks, for every ioo/. of the Value	-	-	-

Stock Fifh, See Fifh.

Stockings, vi%.

of Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value -of Thread or Worsted, for every ioo/. of

the Value Stone, vi*.

—	Burs for Mill Stones, the ioo

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

—	Dog Stones, not exceeding 4 Feet in Diameter,

above 6 and under 12 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair -	-	-

------ Emery Stones, the cwt. -

—	Filtering Stones, for every 100/. of the Value

—	■■ Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton containing

20 cwt. -	-	-	-	-

—	Grave Stones of Marble polished, each not

containing more than 2 Feet square, the Foot square, superficial Meafure

,,/,ied, the Foot

Ee,	fuperficial

ure

- -	-	-	not	of Marble, polished or unpolifh-

ed, the Foot square, superficial Meafure

—— Lime Stone, for every 100/. of the Value —— Marble Bafins, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble, (except Grave Stones and raving Stones, polished, each not containing more than 2 Feet square,) the Foot square, superficial Meafure ...» — Marble Blocks, the Solid Foot — Marble Bulls, -	-

* - - Chimney Pieces fculp-1 See Sculptured tured, -	-(	Marble.

- - - Statues, -	-	-	J

266

C. 52.

590 GEO. III.

A.D. 18)9.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Stone continued,  -—. Marble Paving Stones pobihed, each not containing more than 2 Feet square, the Foot square, fuperfi-	£. 1. d.	
cial Meafure « ....... rough, the Foot square.	0 0 10	
fuperficial Meafure -i Mill Stones above 4 Feet in Diameter, or if 12	006	~
f Inches in Thicknefs, or upwards, the Pair -■■■ Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet	1180	
. square, superficial Meafure	0 12 0	— 1
■ ■ ■ Pebble Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	0 13 6	—. 1
	Poliihing Stones, for every 100/. of the Value	20 0 0	— j
----« Pumice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — Quern Stones, under 3 Feet in Diameter, and not	1 *3 4	
exceeding 6 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair - - - 3 Feet m Diameter, and not above 4 Feet in Diameter, and not exceed-	089	
ing 6 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair	0 17 6		 I
—— ■■■ Rag Stones, for every 100/. of the Value	20 0 0		 I
—— Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt.  Note.—If any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the fame Block fiiall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight and no • more.  — Slate, the Produce of the Iilands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those I (lands refpe&ive-	026	’
ly, for every 100/. of the Value - - - of any other Country not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/.	26 S 0	“
of the Value -	66 10 0	— I
■ - Slates in Frames, the Dozen	030	—
■	' Slick Stones, the 100 ...  ■			 Statuary, See Sculptured Marble.  — Stone, the Produce of the Iflands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and im* ported from those Iilands respectively, for	080	"
every 100/. of the Value - -See the Note under the Head of Guernsey. For the Conditions, Regulations and Re* ftri&ions under which Burr Stones, being the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man may be imported Duty free, See 42 Geo. 3. c. 95.	26 8 0	" |

AJD.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 52.

267

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Stone — continued•  —	Stone, sculptured, See Sculptured Marble.  —	Stone to be used for the purpose of Lithogra-  phy, the cwt. - - - -  	 Whetstones, the ioo -  	 Stones not particularly enumerated or described,  nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every iooL of the Value -  —	Stone Bottles, See Bottles.  Storax or Styrax, viz.  	 Calamita, imported directly from the Place of	£. /. d.  IOO  089 66 10 0	!v  * 11 1  4
its Growth, the lb.  - - - imported not directly from the Place	0 a 0	0 1 4
of its Growth, the lb.  ■ ■ — Liquida, imported directly from the Place of	0  0	020
its Growth, the lb. imported not directly from the Place	034	022
of its Growth, the lb.  — ■■ ■ in the Tear or Gum, imported dire6Uy from the  Place of its Growth,	0  0	0 3 4
the lb.  ------ imported not directly from  the Place of its Growth,	0  00	056
the lb.  Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.  	 Platting, See Platting.  Stuffs of all Sorts, made of or mixed with Wool, for every ioo/. of the Value - • Sturgeon, See Fifh.  Styrax, See Storax.  Succades, the lb. - - ... Succini Sal, See Sal.	0126  50 0 0 032	*  * | |  0
Sucdnum, the lb. ....  	 Oil of, See Oil of Amber in Oil.  Succus Liquoritise, See Liquorice Juice.  Sugar, viz.  	not of the British Plantations,  .... White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. • - - - - Brown or Mulcovado Sugar, the cwt. -■ of the British Plantations,	018  468 3 3 0	Oil
- - - White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. -	1 15 0	— -
- - - Brown or Mulcovado Sugar, the cwt.  Whenever it shall appear by Notice ip The London Gazette that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar fhafi be below 49#. the cwt., it shall be lawful for the Lords of His Majefty’s Treasury to fuf-pend until a new Average shall be published 2/. the cwt. Part of the Duty on Sugar; and if the Average Price shall be below 48/.,	1 10 0	

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar — continued.

2s. the cwt. of such Duty; and if the Average Price shall be below 47/. then 3/. the cwt. of such Duty, and to continue from time to time if the Cafe shall so require, according to the Average Price so publilhed. See the A& to which this Table is annexed. —■— Refined Sugar, the cwt.

Note.—The Duties on Sugar imported are to continue in force until the 25th March 1820. See the A& to which this Table is annexed. Sugar Candy, viz.

■ ■	Brown, the cwt.	-

-—« White, the cwt.	-

Sulphur, Imprellions, for every 100/. of the Value -—Vivum, See Brimftone.

Sumach, the cwt. -

Sun, Raifins of the, See Raifins.

Swan Quills, See Quills.

— Skins, See Skins.

Sweep Walkers’ Dirt, containing Builion, See Bullion. Sweet Wood, See Wood.

Switzerland Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

Duty. £. /. d*

8	8	0
5	12	0
8	8	0
50	0	0
0	1	7

Drawback*

£. ;. d*

T.

-See Skins.

Tables of Marble, polished, See Marble in Stone.

■ - Slate, See Stone.

Tacamahaca Gum, See Gum.

Tails, viz.

—— Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Tails, the 100

—	■ Fox Tails,	^

—	Martin Tails,	f <

------ Sable Tails,	fa

—	Squirrel or Calabar Tails,)

Talc, the lb. -	-

Tallow, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

------ imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.

------Candles, See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.	...

Tapes, viz•

—Open, for every tool, of the Value

—	■■ Worsted, for every 100/. of the Value Tapeftry, not of Silk, for every 100/. of the Value Tapioca, the lb. -

Tar, viz.

——— imported in a British built Ship, the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31$ Gallons	-

060

008

032

040

008

50 o o 50 o o 50 o o 006

1	1	6

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Tar—continued.

—	imported in a Ship not British built, the Laft

containing 12 carrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons -

—	the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation,

the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons

—	Barbadoes Tar, the lb.	-

Tares, for every 100/. of the Value

Tarras, the Buftiel	....

Tartar, Cream of. See Cream of Tartar.

Tea, imported from Europe under Licence, Duty free. For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Tea may be so imported. See 18 Geo. 2. c. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 13. and 16 Geo. 3. c. 51.

Tea is subject to a Duty of Excife.

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Teasses, the 1000	-

Teeth, viz.

—	Elephants9 Teeth, See in E.

-----Sea Cow, Sea Horse or Sefa Morfe Teeth, See

in S.

Telefcopes, for every 100/. of the Value •

Terra, viz.

-----Japonica, or Catechu, the lb.

-----Sienna, the cwt.	-	-

-----Umbra, the cwt. ...

-	 -	Verde,	the cwt.	-	-

Thread, viz.

-■ ■■ ■ Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. -

■ Cotton Thread, for every 100/. of the Value

-	..Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs.

—Pack Thread, the cwt.

-	■	- Sifters Thread, the lb.

—	Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

—	■ ■ - not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every 100/. of the Value ——	' Stockings, See Stockings.

Thrown Silk, See Silk.

Thyme, Oil of, See OH.

Tieking, for every too/, of the Value Ticks, for every 100/. of the Value Tiles of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value Timber, See Wood.

Tin, the cwt. .... Tineal, See Borax.

Tin Foil, for every 100/. of the Value Tobacco, Duty free.

Tobacco is subject to a Duty of Excife.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /• d.	£• x. d.
1 3 0	—
0 19 6	
005	—
20 0 0	—
0 1 3	
00  IH  0	—
0  0  0	
O O IO	- .
i 11 8	—
0120	_
0 16 0	—
1 10 6	
50 0 0	
1 10 6	_
1 10 6	—
084	
1 16 6	—
0  0  0	—
50 0 0	
50 0 0	— •
jo 0 0	—
593	—
50 0 0	—

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. /. </.	£. 1. d.
Tobacco Pipes, for every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0	—
Tongues, the Dozen -	030	—
Tonnage Duty on Ships or VeiTels entering Inwards from Foreign Parts, See Table E.  Tooth Powder, for every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0	
Tornfal or Tumsole, the cwt. -	0 10 0	_
Tortoife Shell, the lb. -	040	_
Touch Stones, for every ioo/. of the Value	20 0 0	—
Tow, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt. *	096	—
	 imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.	6 10 4	—
Toys, for every ioo/. of the Value *	50 0 0	—
Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.  Tram Oil, See OU.  Treacle of Venice, the lb. - -	036	
Trees, See Plants.  Truffles, the lb. - - -	056	
Turbith, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	026	018
Growth, the lb.	0 3 9	026
Turbots, See Fifh.  Turkey Carpets, See Carpets.  Turkey Goats* Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Turmerick, the lb.	008	*0  0  0
Turnery not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ioo/. of the Value ...	50 0 0	- - 1
Tumsole, See TornfaL Turpentine, viz.	o 4 4	
otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt-	0	0 10  1	6 t	006
Tutne Lapis, See Lapis.  Twine, the cwt. - - w	in 0	
Twift for Band Strings, See Band String Twift. Tyger Skins, See Skins.  V.  Vahmia, the cwt. -	026	
Vanelloes, the lb.	0 16 b	
Vamifh, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ioo/. of the Value -	go 0 0	- 1
Vases, viz,  ■ ■■ ■ - of Stone or Marble Sculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stone.  — of any other Sort, for every ioo/. of the Value Vellum, the Skin «	1  50 0 0 072	-1

AJX1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.52.

271

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Veires, See Calves’ Velves.	£. s. d.	£. s. d.
Venice Treacte, See Treacle.  	Turpentine, Set Turpentine.  Verdegris, w*.  	Common, the lb.  the lb.	034  066	—
Verde Terra, See Terra.  Veijuice, the Ton containing 252 Gallons	61 7 0	_
Vermicelli, the lb.	008	_
Vermilion, the lb. -	020	0 1 4
Vetches, See Tares.  Ufers, See Wood.  Vinegar, or Acetous Acid, the Ton containing 252 Gallons ....	61 7 0	

VincDoes, See Vandloes.

Vitriol, Extra# or Preparation of, See Extract.

■	-	Oil	of.	See	Oil.

Umber, See Terra Umbra.

Vomica Nux, See Nux Vomica.

Ufquebaugh, See Spirits.

W.

Wafers, the lb.

Waiofcoat Boards, See Boards in Wood.

—	Logs, See Wood.

Walking Canes, See Canes.	*

------- Sticks,	See	Sticks.

Walnut Oil, See Oil.

Walnuts, See Nuts.

Warehoused Goods.

For a Lift of those Goods which may be warehoused, or otherwise Secured on Importation into Great Britain, without Payment of Duty in the First Instance, See Table F.

Wafliing Balls, See Balls.

Wafte, vis.

—	■■	» Cotton Wafte, See Cotton Wool in Wool.

—	■■ ■■ Silk Wafte, See in Silk.

Watch Gladles, for every iooL of the Value Subie# also to a Duty of Excife.

Watches of Gold, Silver or other Metal, for every iooL of the Value	-

Water,

vis.

Arquebufade," Citron,

Cordial,

Hungary,

Lavender,

See Spirits.

o i 3

8o o o 50 o o

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Water — continued.

■	-----Mineral or natural Water, the Dozen Bottles

or Flasks, each Bottle or Flafk not exceeding Three Pints	-

--------Strong	Water,	See Spirits.

Wax, viz.

■	— Bees* Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

- - -	-	White	or manufa&ured, the cwt.

----- Myrtle Wax, the lb.	-

----- Sealing Wax, for every ioo/. of the Value

----- Candles,	See	Candles.

Weafel Skins, See Skins.

Weld, the cwt. -Whale Fins, was,

■ ■ ------ taken	and	caught by the Crew of a Bri-

tifh built Ship or VefTel wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subjects usually re-liding in Great Britain, Ireland or the Ulands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -	-

—>— ■ ■ taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the I (land of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Maiefty’s SubjeCh, carrying on such Fifnery from that Istand, and redding therein, and imported directly from thence in a British built Ship or Vef-fel registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

For the Sufpenfion of the above Duty on Whale Fins imported direoly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th of July 182A, See the A& to which this Table is annexed.

, -----------  taken	and	caught wholly by His Ma-

jefty’s Subje&s usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Istands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British built Ship or VefTel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt. *

■	—......  -■	taken	and	caught wholly by His Ma-

jefty’s Subjects usually redding in any other Bntifh Colony, Plantation,

Duty.

£• x. cL

040

366 636 010 50 o o

029

Drawback. £. x. d.

276

3 3 4

4 15 o

AD.-1$19.

W®GEd. Ilf.

C. 5 f. .*>

t7S

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Whale Fins—continued.

Territory’ or Settlement, and imported in a British built Ship or Veflel registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -

... ■ —.- .i. of Foreign Fifhing, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-	-

'	For	the Conditions Regulations

and Reftri&ions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry as of British Fifhing, See 49 Geo. 3. c. 98. and the A& to which this Table is annexed.

Whale Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Wheat, See Corn.

■	 Flour,	See Corn.

Whetstones, See Stone.

Whipcord, the lb.

White Boards for Shoemakers, See Boards in Wood.

Whited Brown Thread, See Thread.

White Lead, See Lead.

Wick Yarn, See Yam.

Wine, vrz.

■	—	the	Produce	of	His	Majefty’a	Settlement of

the'Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported directly from thence,

•	- • in a British built Ship, the Tun con-

taining 252 Gallons - • - in a Snip not British built, the.Tun containing 252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reilri&ions, under which Cape Wine mud be imported and admitted to Entry, See $\ Geo. 3. c. 77.

■ — French Wine,

•	-	-	imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons .	•	.	imported in a Ship not British built,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons G«man Wino.J ^	wine.

---- Hungary Wine,

---- Madeira Wine,

- • - imported m a British built . Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons • - - imported in a Ship not British built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons For the Duty* on Madeira Wine imported in a Portuguefe Ship

69.Gao.IIL'	T

Duty.	Drawback.
£./. d.	£. x.
6 6 8  95 0 0	’ —
010	—
' N M ■* '*  V*1 00 *4 0 0	12 19 0 12 19 0
' -<r 	  *4 04  O O	59 l7 0 59 l7 0
.44 * ©  47. 5 0	39 18 0  . 3$ >8 0

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Wine— Madeira Wine, continued.

or Veffel, See the Note on Portugal Wine.

—	■- Portugal Wine,

• . - imported in a British built Ship, the Tun containing 25a Gallons -» -	-	imported	in a Snip not British built,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons Note.—'Wine of the Produce of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, imported into Great Britain direoly from any of the said Territories or Dominions, in a Ship or Veffel built therein, •or taken by any Ship or Veffel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Veffel belonging to any of the Subje&s of the Tern* tones or Dominions aforefaU^ having Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Reprifal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prise in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, such Ship or Veffel so importing, being owned by Subje&s of the laid Government, and navigated with a Mailer and Three fourths of the Mariners at lenft Subjt&s thereof, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Cuftoms and Esrife, and no higher, an are payable* on such wine when imported into Great Britain in a British built Ship. See yi Geo. c, 47. which Aft is to be m force during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Com* merce and Navigation,concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highnefs the rrince Regent of Portugal. Biped at Rio de Janeiro die 19th Pc. binary 1810.

—	■ Rhenifh, German and Hungary Wine,

»/ « - imported in a British built Ship, the Tun containing 2.52 Gallons

Duty*



43 * * 4* 4 o

66	5	o

Drawback.

£- «» i*

38 17 o 38 17 o

59 >7 0

AD. 1819.

«r geo. m.

C .59.

#7

)

Wiae — Rhenifh, ficc. continued.

-	♦ - imported m a Ship not British built,

the Tun containing 25a Gallons » —- fipanifh Wine, and Wine not otherwise enumerated or deferibed,

-	- - imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	v - imported in a Ship not British built,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons -For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties of Cuftoms on certain Quantities of Wine, in certain Proportions intended for the Ufe of Admirals, Captains and other Commiffioncd Officers employed in His Majefty’t Service, for their actual Confump-tion on board such Ships as they shall ferre in, or for the '	Ufe	of Commiffioned Officers

of the Royal Marines, or of Perfons acting as such, for their Confomption, on board such of His Majefty’s Ships as they Audi serve in, See 33 Geo. 3. c. 48,— 35 Geo. 3. c. 10.— 38 Geo. 3. c. 33. — 45 Geo. 3. c. 45.*~49 Geo. 3. c. 98., and 53 Geo. 3. c. 44.

Wine, entered for Prisage, in any of those Ports in England and Wales, where the. Right of Prifage has not been purchased by the Crown, under the Authority of the Aft* of 43 Geo. 3. c. 156. and 4.6Geo. 3. c.79., viz.

-■ the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported dkeftly from thence, so entered for Prisage,

. « . • in a British built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	-	-	in	a	Ship not British built, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons -—- French Wine, so entered for Prisage,

-	- - . imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallant

T 2

d.

70 7 o

43 «

46 4 o

59 *7 o

j8 17 e

38 17 0

U If O

14 o o

,8 16

11 18 o II 1$ *

5* 9

f

Wine—French Wine, &c. continued.

-	•	•	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

• • ■	huik,	the	Tun containing 252

Gallon* •

Z=	Wi”-

•»—*— Madeira Wine, so entered for Prisage,

-	-	-	- imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	-

See the Note under the Head of Portugal Wine,

-----Portugal Wine, so entered for Prisage,

-	- -	- imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	-	-	imported	in	a	Ship	not	Britifh

built) the Tun containing 252 Gallons -See the Note under the Head of Portugal Wine.	.

■	- Rhenifh, German and Hungary Wine, so en-

tered for Prisage,

-	... imported in a British built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons . -

•	-	-	-	imported	m	a	Ship	not	Britifh

built) the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	-	-

—----Spanifh Wine, and Wine not otherwise enu-

merated or described, so entered for Prisage, ‘

•	-	-	-	imported in a	Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing *52 Gallons

-	-	-	-	imported	in	a	Ship	not	Britifh

built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	-

Wine is also subject to a Duty of Excife.

For the Conditions' under whicn a Drawback can only be allowed on the Exportation of any Wine from Great Britain, See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Wine Lees, fubied to the fame Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of Wine exported.

Winteranus Cortex, See. Winters Bark in Bark. Wire; tee.

■ Brafs or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. -	-

—• Gtk or plated, for erery tool of the Value -

£. i. d. 63 o o

39 iS o 43 * o

38 17 o 42 o o

56 14 o 59 *7 0

3* 17 o

4200

5 *4 .50 o o

Drawback. £. /. d.

5* - 9 ®

35 «S o 35 13 o

35 *4 ^ 35 >4 0

52 to o 52 to o

35 *4 o 35 *4 o

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wire—amtinued.

—	Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the cwt. -

----- Latten, the cwt.

----- Silver, for .every ioo/. of the Value

----- Steel, the lb.

Wood, the cwt.	...

Wolf Skins, See Skins.

Wolverines, See Skins.

Wood, w*.

-------Anchor Stocks, w*.

-	-	-	imported in a British built Ship, the

Piece	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not British built,

the Piece	-

... of the Growth and Produ&km of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Piece

—	- ■ ■ Balks, i»«.

• ."under 5 Inches square and under 24 Feet in Length,

J ...	. imported in a British built

Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the 120 —	^	All	Balks,	being 5

Inches square or upwards, are fubje6t and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Tim-•'	-	her.	See	Fir Timber.

...	-	of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square,

of the Growth and Produ&ion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 ■ —— Bar Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■ Battens, viz.

-	-*	-	8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thick-nefs,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the 120 • - -	- imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120 -	-	- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not

above 7 . Inches in Width, or T 3

Duty.

£.

4.

y 18 9

5 9 3 50 o o

•O I*IO

066

or 8	4

089

o o 10

18 ‘ a 7 18 9 o

o 16 3 o 15 o

10 11	6

10 16 -2

Drawback.

£• f. d.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—Battens, &c. continued.

if exceeding 2^ Inches in Thicknefs,

• - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 - • * imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

.....— Batten Ends, viz.

- • - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thicknefs,

-	• * imported in a British built

Ship, the 120

- - * imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120	-

- - - under 8 Feet in Length, not'above 7 Indies in Width, and exceeding 2$ Inches in Thicknefs,

• - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship nit

British built, the 120

-	■ f-Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, of

the (irowth, and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

-	■—— Beech Plank, Two Inches ia Thicknefs or

upwards,

------- imported ift a British built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	.........of all Sorts, of the Growth

and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the ito Beech Quarters, viz.

•	• • - under 5 Inches fquafe, and under

24 Feet in Length,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 • - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

•	• • * f Inches square, and under 8 Inches

lquftre, dr if 94 Feet ift Lda«th or upwwdk.

Doty.

Drawback.

iL /. d.

ai 3, o ai ia 4

3 11 3

3 «3 »

7 j o 790

084

389

a to o

084

4 to 8 4 1* 3

Wood—»Bcech Quarter* &c. continued.

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the lao . - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 . ... of all Sorts under 8 Inches square of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thenoe, the 120

■ ■■ ■■ — Boards, sh.

• . • • Beech Boards, m.

-	- - under 2 Inches in Thickhess,

. and under 15 Feet in Length,

•	- imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

•	• - imported in a Ship not

British built, the iao -• - • Under 2 Inches in Thicknefs, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, ... imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -... imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 - . - - Clap Boards, viz.

-	- - not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches

in Length, and under 8 Inches square,

... imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120

•	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the British Colonies nr Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 «... Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz.

•	- - under 4 Feet in Length, and

under 6 Inches in Thicknefs,

... imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120 T 4

£. d.

ix 3	6

12 7 to

o i-6	3

d.

4 ^ 6-

4 13 6

8	19. o

9	7	0

620

650

O IX 4

6	16 6

7	1	o

Wood—Linn Boards, &c. continued.

-	- - 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches

in Thicknefs or upwards,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -^	-	imported	in	a	Ship not

British built, the 120

-	. • - Oak Boards, viz.

-	- - under 2 Inches in Thicknefs,

and under 15 Feet in Length,

•	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120

-	. - under 2 Inches in Thicknefs,

and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards,

* • - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120 . • > • Paling Boards, viz. k	...	- hewed on one Side, and not

exceeding 7 . Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

•	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120 • - • - hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120

-	- - Pipe Boards, viz.

- - - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding. 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches square,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

7 built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120

-	- - exceeding 8 Feet in Length,

and under 8 Inches square,

£. x. d.

13	I3 0

14	2 o

18	1 o

1813	9

36	* o

37	7 6

* 17 3

I l8 IO

3 >4 <5

3 >7	8

£. 1. d.

9 3® 9 5 3

I

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS,

Wood—Pipe Boards, &c. continued.

-	- - imported in a Britjfh

built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120 - - - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square, oftheGrowth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 . . - Wainfcot Boards, vi%.

‘	.........the Foot containing 12 Feet

in Length and 1 Inch in Thicknefs, and so in proportion for any

Cater or lesser ngth or Thicknefs,

- - - imported in a British built Ship - - - imported in a Ship not British built -■ Boards of all Sorts* not otherwise enumerated or described, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120	-	-

■	Bowfprits,	See	Mads.

------- Boxwood of the Growth and Produ&ion of

the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the Wed Coad of Africa, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

----- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the * Ton containing 20 cwt,

------- Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or

described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -- Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -------- Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20* cwt.

Doty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	•£- /. d.
18 6 0	—
18 10 6	
0 19 6	—
056	
064	—
0  00	—
* 13 4	—
7 18 6	—
20 o' 0	—
0 16 8	
0 15 0	

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—cmUmued.

- Deals, vs%.

. . . above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not ex* ceeding i£ Inch in Thicknefs,

-	. - imported in a Britifti built Ship,

the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120 A Drawback is allowed on Deals above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 j Inch in Thicknefs, which shall have been ufed’ and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Leaa or Copper, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall,

^ ■ ■ having been imported in a • Bntifti built Ship, the 120

- - - having been imported in a Ship not Britifti built, the 120	•

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback shall be paid oral-lowed on such Deals so used and emploved, See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 43. and 33 Geo. 3* cap. 105.

-	- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8

Feet in Length, andnot above 20 Feet in Length, and not ex* ceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs, ( except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding i£ Inch in Thick* nefs),

* - - imported in a Britifti built Ship, the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120.

-	- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet

in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3} Inches in Thicknefs,

Duty.

Drawback.

£. /. J.

826

870

4 * 3

4	3	6

20	15 8

21	10 8

Wood — Dells, See. continued.

-	- - imported in a Britiih built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the 120 . - - above j Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 4 Inches in Thicknefs,

-	- - imported in a Britiih built Ship,

the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the 120	...

... (not being Timber 8 Inches square or upwards) above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 4 Inches in Thicknefs,

... imported in a Britiih built Ship, the 120	-	-	-

... imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the 120

■ »— Deal Ends, w*.

.	.	-	above	7 Inches in Width, being under

8	Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs,

... imported in a Britiih built Ship, the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the 120 • * - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs,

-	- • imported in a Britiih buih Ship,

the 120

... imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the 120

—------  Deals	and	Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the

Growth and Produ&ion of the Britiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dife&iy from thence, the 120 —— Ebony of the Growth and Produ&ion of th« Britiih Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in America, Or of the West Coaft of Africa, and imported di-

£. /. d. 41 11	4

43 * 4

Ji 9	2

52 16 2

100	6 o

101	17 9

7	1	9

7 7 3

*3 !4 9 14 5 o

084

Drawback. £• /• d.

TABLE (A.)-INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood— Ebony,*&c. continued.

re&ly from thence refpec-tively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- - - - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

........ Firewood, not fit or proper to be used other

than as such, viz. the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built

Ship -

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built	-	-

-	-	of	the Growth and Produ&ion of the

Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and

£• /. d. o iy o

24 14 o

o 19 o O 19 IQ

6 Feet high Fir Quarters, viz.

. -	-	under	5 Inches square, and under

24 Feet in Length,

... imported in a Britifti built Ship, the 120

... imported in a Ship not Britifti built, the 120 Fir Quarters being 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Tiro-

o o 10

18 2 7 18 9 o

ber.

-	- - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of

the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from %	thence,	the	120

Fir Timber, See Timber.

Fuftic, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Guinea Wrood, See Red Wood.

Handfpikee, viz.

-	- - under 7 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120

0	16 3

1	4	6

276

2	9	1

Drawback. £. r. d.

Wood—Handspikes, &c. continued.

... 7 Feet in Length or upwards,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built

Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120 ...	-	-	of	the	Growth	and Production of the

Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direCtly from thence,

-	- - under 7 Feet in Length, the

120

-	- - 7 Feet in Length or upwards,

the 120

— - Knees of Oak, vi%.

-	-	-	under	j Inches square,

... imported in a Britifti built Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120

-	-	-	5	Inches	square,	and under 8 Inches

square,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built Ship,

the 120

-	- imported in a Ship-not Britifti

built, the 120

-	- - 8 Inches square or upwards,

... imported in a Britifti built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

• -. - of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

-	- - under 8 Inches square, the

120

-	- - 8 Inches square or upwards,

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

— ■■	■	Lathwood,	vi%.

-	- - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the

Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

-	- - imported in a Britifti 'built

-. . Ship -	-	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built -	-

/• d* *

4 15 o 4 18	2

023

046

0120

0	12	8

4	17	6

5	* 6

1	II o

1 13 4

o 8 4 056

4	17	6

5	* 6

£. t. d.

28«

C .52.

br GEO. ill.

A-D. 181$.

Wood — Lathwood, &c. continued'•

•	-	-	in	Pieces	5	Feet	in	Length	or	up-

wards, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

• • - imported in a British built Ship ... imported in a Ship not Britim built	-	-

•	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of the

Britifli Colonies or Plant* ations in America, and imported directly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

■.....- Lignum Rhodium, the cwt.	-	*

-■ » Lignum Vitae of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifli Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the West Coaft of Africa, and imported directly from thence refpe&irely, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any

other Country or Place, or if other-wife imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

■ Logwood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

.......Mahogany of the Growth of Bermuda, or of

any of the Bahama Istands, and imported directly from thence refpec-dvely ; and Mahogany imported directly from the Bay of Honduras in Britiih built Ships cleared out from the Port of Belisle, the Ton containing 20 cwt-	-	«

-	- - imported not directly from Bermuda,

or from any of the Bahama Istands, dr imported not directly from the Bay of Honduras; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

— ■■ ■ Mafts, Yards or Bowfprks, viz.

-	-	-	6	Inches in Diameter, and under

8 Inches,

- - - imported in a Britiih built Ship, each ... imported in a Ship not Britifli built, each

-	- - 8 Inches in Diameter, and wider

12 Inches,

£• d.

7 5 ° 780

£. #. A

060

100

OIK 2

4 12	8

0 9 2

3 16 o

11 17 6

096 o 11 o

Wood— Mafh, Jse» amlintied.

•	. . imported in a British built

Ship, each

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, each

»	-	-	is	laches in Diameter, or upwards,

-	• . imported in a British built

Snip* the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	. - imported in a Ship not Brkiih

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -.	.	»	of	the	Growth	and	Produ&ion of the

Brhiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

•	- • 6 Inches in Diameter and under

8 Inches, each

. - - 8 Inches in Diameter and under 12 Inches, each

-	- - 12 Inches in Diameter or up-

wards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet For the Conditions, Regulations and Reflri&ions under which Mafts, Yards and Bowfprits fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free, Sse 46 Geo. 3. c. 117. continued by subsequent A&s, and by the 35 Geo. 3. c. 86. further continued until the 25th March 1820*

—	■ ■ ■ Nicaragua Wood* the Ton containing zocwt.

—	* - Oak Flank, vi%.

- - 2 Inches in Thicknefs or upwards,

• - - imported in a.Britifn built Ship, the Load containing joCubic Feet -. * - - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet •	-	of	all	Sorts,	of	the	Growth	and	Pro-

duction of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dure&ly from thence* the 120

7 9

3 5 0

380

o 3 084

1 to 6

1 6

5 16 6

606

* * 4

Wood—continued.

---------- Oak	Timber,	See Timber*

.	—	Oars,	vi%. •

•	- - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 . - - imported in a Ship not British built, the

120

-	- - of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

■	.	—	Olive	Wood of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the West Coaft of Africa, and imported direCtly from thence refpeCtively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

•	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any

other Country or Place, or if ‘	otherwife imported, the Ton con-

taining 20 cwt.

— Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■	■ ■	■	Rofe	Wood,- the cwt.

■	Round	Wood, vi%.

-	- - in Pieces under 8 Inches square, and

under 6 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the 120

-	- • imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120

-	- - in Pieces under 8 Inches square, and

if 6 Feet in Length or upwards,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120

-	- - of the Growth and Produ Ction of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and .imported direCUy from thence in Pieces of all forts under 8 Inches square, the 120 ■■■■ Santa Maria Wood, for every 100/. of the Value	-	-

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Santa Maria Wood, fit for Naval Purposes, imported from the Bay of Honduras, may be admitted to Entry Duty-free, until the 25th March 1820,

d.

£.

14	19

15	8

o 19 6

0124

896

£.

0	15

1	o

4

6

496 4 12 -8

03-2

20 o o

A.D.181SK

59PGEQ.ni.

C.62.	28

Wood— Santa Maria, &c. 'continued.

See the A & to which this Table is an* nexed.

■ ----Span, vi%.

. « under 22 Feet in Length, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exdufive of the Bark,

-	• - imported in a British built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 * - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exclnfive of the Bark,

... imported in a British built Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 «	-	4	Inches	in	Diameter,	and under 6

Inches in Diameter, exclufiv of the Bark,

* • - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

-	* - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120	•

•	-	-	of	the	Growth	and	Produ&ion of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-redly from thence, of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, die 120 ------. Speckled Wood of the Growth and Production of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the West Coaft of Africa, and imported dire Aly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

•	• « of the Growth and Production, of

any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt,	-

«■» ■" Spokes for Wheels, vfc.

m - - not exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the 1000

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

buik, the 1000 r • - exceeding % Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a British built Ship, the 1000

U

£. >. d.

£. /. d.

2 16 $ 2 19 6

4	17 6

5	> 6

10 11 6 10 19 4

O I	63

0 16 3 8 14 2

5	7 4

3 10 1

6	14 8

59 Gao. III.

59° GEO. III.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood — Spokes for Wheels, continued\  - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	£. /. d.	£. d.
built, the iooo - - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the	702	
IOOO  ■ - 	 Staves, viz.  - - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, * _ not above 3 Inches inThick-  nefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British built	064	
Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	162	—
built, the 120 - - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Tnicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, < - - - imported in a British built	170	
Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	2 9 2	—
built, the 120 1 ... above 50 Inches in Length, and not 1 exceeding 60 Inches in < Length, not above 3 Inches  in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - - - imported m a British built Ship,	* ;p 9	
the 120 - -1 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	3 5 0	
built, the 120 -- - - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in British built	374	
Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	4 iJJ/io	1
built, the 120-- - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Tnicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British built Ship,	4182	|
the 120 -  1	586	—

Wood — Staves, continued\

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

-	- - Staves being the Growth and Produc-

tion of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Produ&ion of East or West Florida, and imported directly from thence refpe&ivel v, not exceeding i \ Inch in Thicknefs, shall be charged with One third Part only of the Duties hereinbefore imposed on Staves,

-	- - above 3 Inches in Thicknefs,

or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-	- - above 3 Inches in Thicknefs,

or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-	- - Staves of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 - - - of all Sorts exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120

------- Sweetwood,	vt%*

-	-	-	-	of	the Growth and Produ&ion

of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the West Coaft of Africa, and imported directly from thence refpe6tively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. .... of the Growth and Produ&ion of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—■— Teake Wood, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet	....

U 2

£. s. d. S H 0

£. /. d.

o 1	3

026

0	16 3

10 13 o

1	10 o

292

a 52,

59° GEQ. III.

AJX181&

Wood — Teake Wood, continued.

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Teake Wood, of the Growth and Frodu&ian of any British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Fof-' session in Africa, fit for Naval Pur*, poses, may be admitted to Entry, without Payment of Duty, until the 25th March 1820, See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

■ Timber, viz.

, r . Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square, and not exceeding 10 Inches square,

-	- - in a British built Ship,the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet -

-	- - in a Ship not British built, the

Load containing 50 Cubic

Feet -

A Drawback is allowed on Fir Timber, being 8 Inches square, and not exceeding 10 Inches fauare, of the Grototh of Norway, and imported directly from thence, which shall have been used or employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall,

“	...	having	been imported

in a British built Ship, the Load con-uining 50 Cubic Feet

* • • having been imported in a Ship not British built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet *	•*

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback shall be paid or allowed on such Timber fp used and employed. See J1 Geo, 3. c. 43. 51 Geo.3.

L /• d+

£. e. d*

3 5P

3	8	Q

2 1$ 6

2 16	3

AJ&.1S1&.

593 6feO. lit.	C.	52.	29$

Wood—Fir Timber, continued.

£* s. d.

£. j. </•

c. 93. arid 53 Oeo. 3. c. 105.

-	-	-	Fir	Timber	of the Growth of Nor-

way, and imported direCtly from ♦hence, exceeding 10 Inches rquare, ,

—	- in a Britun built Ship, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet	-	-

-	- - in a Ship not Britiih built, the

Load Containing 50 Cubic Feet	-

-	-	-	not	othefwife	charged with

Duty, 8 Inches Pquafe or / upwards,

-	- imported in a Britiih built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet *	*	Fir	Timber	of	the	Growth	and	Pro-

duction of the Britiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-re&ly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 30 Cubic Feet

3 5 0 380

350

380

o ±6

- •	-	Oak	Timber,	8 Inches square or up-

, wards,

-	- - imported in a Britiih built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the Load containing co Cubic Feet

-	- - of the Growth and Production

of the Britiih Colonies' or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet * * * Timber of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or upwards,

tT 8

3	*	9

3 5 °

056

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood—Timber of all Sorts, &c. continued.

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet —

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - -	-	Timber	of	all	Sorts	not	particularly

enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Produ&ion of the British Colonies or Plantations in .America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reflric-tion 8 under whichT im-ber fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free, See 46 Geo. 3. c. 117. continued by subsequent A 618, and by 55 Geo. 3. c. 86. further continued until the 25th March 1820. rThe Duty on Timber being the Produce of, and imported dire6Uy from the Ifland of Newfoundland, is fuf-pended until the 5th July 1824. See the A6I to which this Table is annexed.

■' — — Ufers, viz.

- - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24

Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a British built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120

d.

Drawback. £. s. d.

1 12

1 14 o

18	2	7

18 9 o

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood—Ufers, continued.

-	- - all Ufers being 5 Inches square or

upwards, are fubieCt and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Timber.

-	- - of all Sorts under 8 Inches square,

of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - Wainfcot Logs, viz.

-	-	- being 8 Inches square or upwards,

-	- - imported in a British built

.	Ship,	the	Load containing

50 Cubic Feet

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- - of the Growth and Production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direCtly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing yo Cubic Feet

-------- Yards, See Mails,

—	■	- Wood unmanufaCtured, of the Growth and

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo/T of the Value -

--------- Wood	unmanufactured,	not particularly enumerated or described, and on which the Duties due on the Importation are payable, according to the Value thereof, being of the Growth and Production of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported direCtly from the said Bay, for every 100/. of the Value

—	Wood unmanufactured,	not particularly enu-

merated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value,

-	- - imported in a British built Ship

-	- - imported in a Ship not British built -

Wooden Clocks, See Clocks.

Wool, viz.

—	 ..Beaver Wool, the lb.	-

----- cut and combed, the lb.

U*

£.

d.

516 9

s 16 9

20

21

--------'■

Drawback.

£ .1. d.

o 16

496

4128

056

Wool—continued.

------Carmenia Wool, Set Goat Hair in Hair.

—;—- Coney Wool, the lb.

—— ' Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, ws.

-	- - the Produce of any British Colony or

Plantation in America, and imported directly from thence, op or before the 5th July 1822, the 100 lbs.	-

-	- - the Produce of any Britiih Colony or

Plantation in America, not being imported directly from thence; ana Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place,

- - - until the 5th January 1820 inclu-five,

-	- - if imported in a Britifh

•buut Ship, the xoolbs.

-	- - if imported in a Ship not

British built, the ioolbs. * - - from and after the 5th January 1820,

-	- - if imported in a Britifh

built Ship, for every

ioo/. of the Value -%■

-	- - if imported in a Ship not

Bntifh built, for every

100/. of the Value The above Duties pn Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, payable according to the Value thereof, shall be charged and payable on all such Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Duties On which shall not have been fully paid on or before the 5th January 1820. See the A& to which this Table is annexed.

■	■■	Goat’s	Wool,	See	Goat Hair in Hair.

— ■- Hare's Wool, the cwt. -

—Lamb’s Wool, Sec Sheep’s Wool.

£. s. d* 006

063

fi. ik d

087 O 17 2

6 0 0 12 O O

1 I IO

Duty.

Wool—continued•

—	Oftrich Wool, the lb.

— Polonia Wool, the lb.	------ Red Wool, the lb.

——- Sheep or Lamb’s Wool, or*.

-	- - the Produce of any Foreign Country

in Europe,

-	- » until the toth O&ober 1819,

inclusive, the lb.

-	- - from and after the 10th O&ober

1819,	the lb.

-	* - the Produce of any other Foreign

Country,

-	- - until the 5th January 1820, in-

elusive, the lb.

-	- - from and after the 5th January

1820,	the lb.

*	-	- the Produce of, and imported dire&ly

from, any British Colony or Territory,

-	- - until the 5th January 1823, in-

elusive, the lb. *	*

-	- - from the 5th January 1823, until

the 5th January 1826, inclusive, the lb.

-	- - from and after the 5th January

1826, the lb.

-....-	Spanifh	Wool,	the	lb.

—Turkey Goat’s Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

------All Articles made of or mixed with Wool,

not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value	-

Woollen Stuffs, See Stuffs.

Yarn, See Yam.

Worm Seed, See Seed.

Worfted Caps, Sue Caps.

'-p' ■■■s ffcockings, See Stockings. '»	■	Tapes,	See	Tapes.

Yarns, See Yarn.

Wreck, See Derelift.

Y.

£. /. d. 006

006

O06

001

006

001

006

o o t

003

006

006

50 o o

Drawback. ] £. /• d.

Yards, See Malts in Wood*

Yarn, w*.

----- Cable Yarn, the cwt.%

----- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

■ Cotton Yarn, the lb.

116 o	1	7

o	1	3

298

C.52.

59° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Y am—continued.	£• j. d.	If. /. - dm
	 Cotton Yarn of the Manufa&ure of the Ifle of  Man, See Man, Ifle of.  -—* Grogram Yarn, the lb.	017	
	Raw Linen Yarn,  - - - - imported in a Britifli built Ship, the cwt. -	010	
- - imported in a Ship not Britifli built, the cwt. / -	1 0 0	
— Wick Yam, the cwt. -	488		
		 Worfled Yam, being of Two or more Threads,  twisted or thrown, the lb.	017	
*	Yam of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0	
Yellow Berries, See Berries.  Z.  ZafFre, for every ioo/. of the Value	20 0 0	
Zedoaria, imported directly from the Place of its 9 Growth, the lb.	0 1 3	O  M  0  O
■ ■ imported not dire6Uy from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -	0 1 10	O I 3
Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being either in part or wholly manufa&ured, and not being enumerated or defcnbed, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor used in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value	0  0  0	
Goods, Wares and Merchandise, not being either in part or wholly manufa&ured, and not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor used in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value	20 O O	—

1

A.D.1819.	59°	GEO.	III.	C.52.	299

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies imported into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great Britain from His Majefly’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

£•	/•	d.	£.	s.	d.

A.

A corns, the lb.	-

Agates, vix.

■	—	polifhcd or otherwise manufactured, for every

ioo/. of the Value -

------ rough or unmanufactured, for every ioo/. of

the Value	....

Alkali, vix.

. ~ ■ any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the molt valuable Part, (fuch Alkali not being other-wife particularly charged with Duty)

. «... if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali than 20 per Centum,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the cwt.

... - imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.

• .... if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 2^ per Centum of fuch

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt.

..... if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceeding 30 per Centum of such Alkali,

o o 10 60 o o

20 O O

Oil 4 O 12 O

o* 15 O 0 15	8

o 0

6

o 5 8 058

076

076

£,* 1. d.	£• t. d.
0 18 4	,092
0 19 0	092
1 3 4	0 11 8
1 4 0	0 11 8
1 10 0	0 15 0
1 10 8	0 15 0
018	—
0 15 10	0 14 0
276	220
0261	! O I 8
009	006
0 17 6	—*
011 8	MM*
0120	
018	Oil
050	
0  t»  0	0 1 4
005	—
010	—
o'4 J	
3* 5 0	—
O  0	—
O H 5	—

Alkali—any Article, &c. continued*

-	- * imported in a British built

. Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt.

•	- - • - if containing more than 30 per

Centum, and not exceeding per Centum of fuch

• - - imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

-	* * imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt.

*	.... if containing more than ao per

Centum of such Alkali,

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt. Alkermes, Confe&ion of, the oz. *

Almonds, viz.

■■ ■■■ — - Bitter, the cwt.	*

....* of any other Sort, the cwt.

Aloes, viz.

---- ■ Socotorina, the lb.

—- of any other Sort, the lb* *

Alum, the cwt. -	-	-	-	-

------ Roch Alum, the cwt.	-

Amber, viz.

-------- Beads	or	other Manufactures of Amber,

the lb.

■ ■ Rough, the lb.

Ambergris, tne oz.

Ammoniac Gum, See Gum Ammoniac.

- Sal, See Sal Ammoniac.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anime Gum, See Gum.

Anifeed, See Seed.

■—	Oil of, See Oil.

Annotto or Rpcou, viz.

........ Flag,	the	lb.	-	*	*

—1 ••• ' "• Rofi or any other Sort, not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, the lb.

Aquafortis, the cwt.	-

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes or Arango Beads, for every icoI. of the Value -	-	-	;	-	-

Arrack, Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb.	-	-

Arfenic, viz.

■-----White, the cwt.	-

Arfenic — continued.

— of any other Sort, the cwt%	■»	*

Afcfoetida, the lb. -	-	»

Attar of Roses, See Otto of Roses,

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment..

B.

Balfam, vis. Artificial or Natural, the lb.

Bamboo Canes, See Canes.

Barilla, See Alkali.

Bark, vis.

----- Anguftura Bark, the lb*	-

----- Clove Bark, the lb.

—	Jefuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark.

----- Peruvian or Jefuits Bark, the lb.

—	Bark not otherwise enumerated or described,

—	- if for Medicinal Ufe, the lb.

-	- - if not for Medicinal Ufe, for every iooI.

of the Value	-

Bdellium, the lb.

Beads, vis.

—	- Amber Beads, See Amber.

-----Arango Beads, See Arangoes.

—	■ Coral Beads, the lb.	-	«•	«■

-----Cryftal Beads, the iooo -	-

—	- Beads, not otherwise enumerated or defqribed,

for every ioo/. of the Value Bees’ Wax, Wax.

Benjamin or Benzoin, the lb,

Bezoar Stones, the oz.	-	-	■»

Bones of Cattle, and other Animals, and of Fiih, except Whale Fins, for every ioo/. of the Value -Books, Printed, or Manufcnpts, vis.

■	■ '"«■ - Half Bound, or in any way Bound,

the cwt.	-

Unbound, the cwt.	-	■*

Borax or Tineal, vis.

—- — refined, the lb.

-----— unrefined, the lb.	-	-

# Drawback on the Exportation of Borax or Tincal refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the lb.	-

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. 2. c. 31.

Bottles, vis.

-—	of Earth or Stone, the Dozen

Bottles of Stone are subject also to a Duty of Excife.

£. s. d,

o 18 8 o o 10

04 6

02a o o 10

020

020

20 o o o 1	8

0	jy 10

1	8 6

50 o o

Q 2 O 0 2 6

I P. P

6 10 o 5 o P

p 1	8

p p 8

£. 1. d, 006

0 1 i

006 o 1	4

014

*008

03a

302

C. 52.

59° GEO. nr.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Bottles—continued.	£. s. d.	£. s. i.
Quarts - ~  —	 of Green or Common Glass, full or empty,  not of less Content than One Pint, and not	120	~
being Phials, the Dozen Quarts Subje& also to a Duty of Excife.  ■ 		of Glass, not otherwise enumerated or ‘de-	080	' I
scribed, for every ioo/. of the Value Note. — Flafks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty.  Brandy, See Spirits.  Bullion and "Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver Duty free.  C.  Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil.  Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Calaminaris Lapi6, See Lapis.	80 0 0	
Calamus Aromaticus, the lb.  Calicoes, viz.  	 			 Plain White Calicoes, for every ioo/. of the	O 0 lo	VO  O  O
Value -# Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Calicoes which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain,	67 10 0	
for every ioo/. of the Value 	 ■ ■ White, flowered or ditched, for every ico/.	- - -	0  0
of the Value - - -Calves Skins, See Skins.  Cambogium, See Gamboge.  Camels’ Hair, See Hair.  Camphor, viz.  --■■■ — — unrefined, the lb.  * Drawback on the Exportation of Camphor refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unre-	37 10 0  026 0 1 3	— 1
fined, the lb. -For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. 2. c. 31.		*013
Candles of Wax, the lb. - -Canes, viz.	026	— 1
	Bamboo, the 1000 -	1 14 0	- _ 1
—- Rattans, (not Ground Rattans,) the 1000	IOO		 1
		 Reed Canes, the 1000 - - -  	Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted,	1 6 6	— 1

TABLE (B.) —INWARDS.

Canes — continued.

inlaid or otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for every ioo/. of the Value —- Wan ghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon’s Blood, and other walking Canes or.Sticks, the 1000	-

Cantharides, the lb.	-

Caoutchoue, or Elaitic Gum, the lb.

Capita Papaverum, the 1000

Caps of Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value

Capiicum or Chillies, See Pepper.

Cardamoms, the lb.	-

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the 02.

Carpets of Perlia, the Yard square •

Cafhew Gum, See Gum.

Caffia Buds, the lb.

----Fiftula, the lb.	-	-

----Lignea, the lb.

----Oil of, See Oil.

Cailor, Oil of, See Oil.

Callor Seed, See Seed.

Calls of Buffs, Statues or Figures, the cwt.

Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Charts, See Maps.

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Duty.

Drawback.

£.	/.	d.	£.	/. d.
5°	O	0		—
4	O	0		
o	3	6	0	2 4
o	0	5		—
o	3	6	0	* 4
67	10	0		—
0	2	0	0	1 4
		•		
0	4	0		—
2	10	0		——
O	2	6		—
O	0	10	0	0 6
O	2	6		
O	2	6		____

Chillies, See Caplicum in Pepper.

China Root, the lb.	-

China Ware or Porcelain, for every ioo/. of the Value Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.	-

---------- Oil of, See Oil.

Citrat of Lime, the lb.	-	-	-

Cloves, the lb. ------- Oil of, See Oil.

Cocculus Indicus, the lb.	-	-

Cochineal, the lb.	-	-	-

----------Dull, the lb.	-	-

Cocoa Nuts, for every ioo/. of the Value

...........—	Oil of. See Oil.

Cocoa Nuts, Duty free.

*	Cocoa	Nuts are subject to a Duty of Excife.

I Coffee, Duty free.

■	Coffee	is subject to a Duty of Excife.

f Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

| Colocynth, See Coloquintida. f Coloquintida or Colocynth, the lb. -	-

Colours for Painters, See Painters’ Colours.

Colombo Root, the lb.	-

0 1 3	O  O  0
75 0 0	—
020	0 14
026	0 2 3
0 16	—
020	O 19
026	—
0 0 10	—
O O 2\	—
20 O O	—

o	i	8

0	2	0

oil

o i 4

TABLE (B.) —INWARDS.

Contrayervae Radix, See Radix.

Copal Gum, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

■	■ Ore* the cwt.	-	-	-•

-»■— - Old, fit only to be re-«manufa6iured, the cwt..

....... Unwrought, viz.

.... Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all cast Copper, the cwt.	-	-

• ^ ., - Copper in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt.

Part wrought, viz. Bars,. Rods or Ingots, hammered or railed, the cwt.

■« ■ Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described, Copper enamelied, and Copper Plates engraved, for every iqoI. of the Value -	«

Coral, viz.

—	- Beads, See Beads.

—— in Fragments, the lb.	-

— whole, polifiled, the lb.	-	-

- unpoliihed, the lb.	-

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cortex Caryophylloides, See Clove Bark in Bark.

....... Peruvianus, or JefuiU Bark, See Peruvian

Bark in Bark.

Coitus* the lb.	■	«•	-	•	«

Cotton, viz.

——- ■ Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every ioo7. of the Value	•	-	-

------- Thread, See Thread.

------- Wool, See Wool.

—	Yarn, See Yarn.

Couhage, the lb.	-	*	-	-

Cowries, for every ioo/. of the Value Cryital Beads, See Beads.

Cubebs, the lb.	-	-	*	-

Cummin Seed, See Seed.

D,

Diagrydium, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Dimity, viz.

------ Plain White Dimity, for every iooI. of the

Value -	-	-	-

* Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation

Duty.

£. /• d.

0 10

cl 9 a

092

0	15 o

1	ii 3

50 o o

o I* o O 12 O 0 5 6

o 1 o

67 10 o

O I 3 3*5°

020

67 10 p

Drawback. £. 1. d.

008

© o 10

Dimity—cmikuui

of such of the said Dimity which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain, tor every ioo/. of the Value •

Dog Skint, See Skint.

Drawings, See Prints.

Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the ieveral Articles in Alphabetical Courfe.

■ not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value	•

£.

£• /. d.

9

*45 ° °

$0 o .o

E.

t

Earthenware, See China Ware.

Ebony, See Wood.

ElafBc Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Elemi Gum, See Gum.

Elephants’ Teeth, vh&.

—	■	■■—-	■ not exceeding the Weight of ailbs.

each Tooth, the cwt.

■ "	■■	■	■	—	exceeding the Weight of 2libs.

each Tooth, the cwt.

Elk Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, Jewels.

Extrad, vi*.

—	■ ■ Solid Vegetable Extrad from Oak Bark, or

other Vegetable Substances, to be used for the purpose of tanning Leather, and for no other Purpofe whatever, the cwt.

2 0 0 4 0 0

030

:

F.

Feathers, vi%.

--------Oftrich Feathers, drefied, the lb.

...... undreffect, the lb.

--------not otherwise enumerated or described,

• • - drefied, for every 100L of the Value -... undreffect, for every 100/. of the Value Fennel, Oil of. See Oil.

Flax, rough or undreffect, the cwt. -Flock Paper, See Paper.

Flofs Silk, See Wafte Silk in Silk.

Foreft Seed, See Seed.

Foffila, Specimens of, See Specimens.

Fra^kincense, See Ohbanum.

Yxutfjee Skins.

£9 Gio.TII.	X

2 15 1 o

50 o

20 O O O

6

Q

o

o

5

TARUE (B.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	/Drawback.
	£. #. d.	£. s. dL
G*		
Galangal, the lb. . . .	o o 6	004
Galbanum, the lb. ....	ai4	0 0 >0
j Galls, the cwt. • • -	o II *	_
Gamboge, the lb. Garden Seed, See Seed. Garnets, vm.	o i B	Oil
—		 Cut, the lb. -	1 ro o	! —
Rough, the Ih.	o IO o	
Gem Sal, See Sal.		
Geneva, See Spirits. Ginger, the cwt. -	130	IOO
•	Preserved, the lb.	032	-
Ginfeng, the lb. - - - -Glass, viz.  *■— Bottfcs, See Bottles.  ■	 Crown, German Sheet, or any Blind of Window	j  016	• 010  I  I
Glass, not being Plate Glass, the cwt.	4 0	•mm .
—■ Flint Glass, the cwt. •  *— - Plate Glass, for every square Foot Aiperfidal	6 3 0	—
Meafure - -	0 6 T	1
	Glafs Manufa&ures not otherwise enumerated	/	
or deferibed, for every ioo/. of the Value. -	0  0	
Glafs is subject also to a Duty of Excife. Goat Hair, See Hair.  Gold Coin, See Bullion.  " ■ ■ Plate, See Plate.  Granilla, the lb. - _	00c	
Gum, viz.	v w J	
-	 Ammoniac, the lb. -	01?	0 0 IO
—-— Anime, the lb. - - _	J  018	Oil
		 Arabic, the cwt. - -	0 12 0	
— - Caftiew, the cwt. - . .	076	0 c 0
1 -—- Copal, the lb. -	Ol8	O* I I
Elemi, the lb. -	0 0 8	0 0- *
		 Guaiacum, the lb.  — - Juniper, See Gum Sandarach. .	0 t IO	j  0 1 a
—~ Kino, or Gum Rubrum Aftringcus, the lb. — Lac, viz.	016	0 1 o
- - - Cake Lac, the lb. - •	0 0 e	0 0 3
• • - Lac Dye, the lb. -	0 06	004
- - - Lac Lake, the lb.	0 0 i	T
- - - Seed Lac, the lb. - . _ ;	006	0 0-4
- - - Shell Lac, the lb. - -	008	T  0 O* C
- - - Stick Lac, the cwt.	i' 0 0	J  0 at a.
—— Opopanax, the lb. - - .	0 3	W T  <0-2 4
1 Rubrum Aftringens, See Gum Kino.	j  *	

AJX181&

B& ©SO. III.

80

€.5&

1 TABLE (B.)—INWAfcUS.	Duly.	Drawback.
1 Ourf — toMtAuuL	£. /. J.	£• e• d.
I 	 Sagapenum, the lb. ...	0 0 10	006
I	 Sandarach, or Juiriper, the cwt.	0 19 0	0 12 8
I	Sarcocolla, the lbj - ...	0 0 10	006
I — Senegal, thd cwt. - - -	0 12 0	
1 Tacrfmahaca, the lb. ...	020	614
I	Tragacanth, the lb.  I	Gun*, not otherwise ertumefrated or described.	0 16	008
j for every iooL of the Value  I H#  I Hair, vn.	0  0  0	
I	Camels Hair, the lb. ...	0 r S	
I	■ Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb.  1 — Human Hair, the lb. -  1 		 Ankles manufactured of Hair, or any Mixture  [ thereof, not particularly enumerated or de-	006  050	—
I fdribed, for every tool, of the Value I Hemp, rough or undreffect, or any other Vegetable Subftance of the Nature and Quality of un-I . dressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame	67 10 0	
I Purposes, the Ton containing 20 cwt.  1 Hides, one*  I — Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in any way	080	
j dreffect, the Hide 1 - - - Tanned, and not otherwise dreffect,	so  0  0	
the lb.  I ■■■ ■ Horse, Mare or Gelding in the Hair, not 1 tanned or in any way dreffect, the	■010	
Hide  - - - Tanned and not otherwise dreffect,	0 0 10	—
the lb. ... j >—■ — Hides or Pieces of Hides, raw or undreffect, 1 not particularly enumerated or described, 1 nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every	0 16	
j 100/. of the Value I ■ ■ Hides or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed or J in any way dreffect, not particularly enu-I merated or described, nor otherwise charged	20 O O	
J with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -I Horns, Horn Tips and Pieces of Horns, not other-	7 $ 0 6	—
I wife charged with Duty, the cwt.	050	—
I Horfes, Mares or Geldings, each - » Human Hairs, See Hair.  | Hulks of Silk, See Knubs in Silk.  L Hufe Skins, See Skins.  1 x s	6 13 0	■ -

i

00?	C.	54.	59’	GEO.	I1L	A.D.1819.

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
I & J.	£• x. </.	£. d.
Japanned Ware, Tor every ioo/. of the Value Jeiuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.  Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious .  Stones (except Diamonds), not otherwise enumerated or described,	6a so o	
ioo/. of the Value* - -I oo/. of the Value -	20 o o	
	50 0 0	—
Indigo, the lb. -Iris Root, See Drrice.  Juniper Gum, See Gum Sandarach.  K.  Kelp, See Alkali.  Kino Gum, See Gum.  Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Bilk.  L.  Lac, See Gum.	005	
Lacquered Ware, for every 100L of the Value Lambs Wool, See Sheeps Wool in Wool. Lapis, viz.	62 10 0	
—— Calaminaris, the cwt.	080	— j
— Lazuli, the lb. -	032	- )
	Tutiae, the lb. -  Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.	008	
Lead, viz. White Lead, the cwt.  > Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather^ the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every	0  0	
ioo/. of the Value Leopard Skins, See Skins. Linleed, Oil of. See Oil. Long Pepper, See Pepper*.  M.	75 0 0	
ft Mace, the lb. * -| — Oil of. See Oil.	036	03a

.1X1819.

sv> geo. in.

£««.•

30^

Madder or Munjeet, vis.

------Mull Madder, the cwt.

■ —- Madder Root, and all unmanufa&ured Madder or Munjcet, the cwt*

■ ■ Madder or Munjeet, in any way manufa&ured, the cwt.	....

Mangoes, the Gallon -Manna, the lb.

Maps and Charts* plain or coloured, each Map or Chart, or Part thereof Martin Skins, See Skins.

Mastick, the lb.	-	-

Medals, vis.

------of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

—	- ■ of anj other Sort, for every ioo/. of the

Melasses, the cwt.	-	-

Minerals, Specimens of. Set Specimens.

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, for every ioo/. of the Value Munjeet, See Madder.

Mow, the oz.	...

/Mullins, vis.

—— Plain, for every ioo/. of the Value

* Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Mullins which shall have been printed, painted, stained ordyed in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value

—	flowered or stitched, for every ioo/. of the

Value

Myrrh, the lb.	-

N.

Nanquin Cloths, for every ioo£ of the Value

• Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Nanquin Cloths which shall have been printed,

Sainted, stained or dyed in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value	-

Natron, See Alkali.

Neroli Oil,. See Oil of Orange Flower.

Nutmegs, the lb.	...

Oil of,. See Oil.

Nux Vomica, the lb*

£. /. tL

o a o

o 5 Q

£• i. d.

o 15

° 5 o 1

O 2“ O OI4

20 O O O IO O

20 O O 0 5 0 37 10 O

O O 10

O O IO

0 3 4

37 10 o o 1 ft

37 10 o-

*lo o- o

o I*

026

026

'20 O O

0 2 3

X 3

$10	C.	62.	OSQ.	Ill,	AJ>.	1819.

TA^E (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback. I
	£, *. 4	£< /• Vi I
Q.  Oaker, See Ochre.  Ochre or Oal$.er, the cwt.	069	_
Oil, viz.  -— of Anifeed, the lb. -	040	
—— of Cajaputa, the oz.	oxo	•vn
	■ .of Caflia, the oz. -	0 | 0	—
— of Caftor, the lb.	0 1 3	■m I
rr— Chemical Ojl, not otherwise enumerated or de-feribed, the lb.	040	T-r
—— of Cinnamon, the oz.	050	_
— of Cloves, the oz. -r	0 a 0	_
		 of Coco^ Nuts, |he cwt.	026		
—; of Fennel, the \\>.	040	1
— of Linfeed, the Tun containing 25) GaUpew s	33 5 »	TIT
— of Mace, the oz. r r r	0 26	ITT* I
——. of Nutipcge, the op. *	026	I
— of Orange Flower pr Neroli, the oz. •	O 2 Q	TTT I
r— of Palm, the c^rt.	0 2 6	w» I
	of Roses, See Otto of Roles.  	r of Rofewood, the P*. t	050	_
— of Sandalwood, the ozr - -j	02 6	— 1
	 of Turpentine, the lh> r t	008	— 1
	 Oil, not otherwise enumerated or defgrib?4f fi>f  every 100/. of the YfclUP	fa a 0	-
Oker, See Ochre. Olibanum, the cwt.	2 7 6	i 11 8 1
Opium, the lb.	090	060
Opopanax Gum, Set Gum-Orange Flower, Oil of. See Oil. 		 Water, the Gallon	032	_
Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt.	0 16 8		 1
Ore, viz.  —— Copper, See Copper.  	— Gold or Silver, See  ■ ■ - Platina, See Platina.  —— Ore, Specimens of, Sfie Specimens. Orpiment, the cwt. *	! 1 8 6	_
Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt. - -	x 8 6		 1
Pftrich feathers. See Feathers.  Otto or Attar of Roses, or Oil of Roses, the oz. -	0  VO  O	-
P.  Painters’ Colours, not otherwise enumerated or de* feribed, for every 109/. of the Value	O  O  O	_ j

Paintings on Glass, for every 100I. of the Value Subjed also to a Duty of Excife.

Paper, vm.

■	> Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage

only, without separating or extrading the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith, the lb.	-

-	* ■ printed,, painted or stained Paper, or Paper

Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard fquare

-------of any other Sort, not particularly cnttnetated

or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.	-

Pearls, for every ioo/. of the Value	-	*

Pepper, Dufy nee.

Pepper is fubied to a Duty of Elctfe.

■	■ ■ ■. Capficum or Chilhes the lb.

— Cayenne, the lb.	*

----» Long Pepper, the lb.	•

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or de-scribed, the Gallon -	-

Pidures, ois.

—	■	■" under 2 Feet square, the Pidure

--------- of 2 Feet square, and under 4 Feet square,

the Pidure

the Pidure • free.

—	- ■ of 4 Feet square or upwards,

Plants, Shrubs, and Titees alive, Duty Plate, vis*

—	Battered, fit only to be remanufadured, Sr*

Bullion.

—	of Gold, the oz* Troy

—	of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy

-	-	-	part gift, the oz. Troy

-	-	-	ungilt, the oz. Troy

Flatina, the oz.

■■■ ■ Ore, for every 100/. of the Value Porcelain, See China Ware*

Precious Stones, See Jewels.

Prints and Drawings, oia.

------Plain, not exceeding a Foot square, each *

- - - exceeding a Foot square, each ■ Coloured, not exceeding a Foot square, each

•	-	• exceeding a Foot, square, each

£. 1. d.

80 o o

to

o

Q

2

5

8

6 16 10 4

J 16 o 6

o o o 5

6

4

1

Q

Quicksilver, the lb*

£. ;. d.

o o to

o 1	7

to 1 7 500

6

6

Q

1	O

2	O

0 2 0 O4O

o I 8

o x

X 4

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.

R.

Radix Contrayerro, the lb.

Raifins of all Sorts, the cwt.

Rattans, See Canes.

Red Wood, See Wood*

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rhubarb, the lb.	-

Rice, viz.

—	the Produce of any of the Britifb Territories in

the East Indies,

-	-	-	not being rough and in the Hulk,

the cwt.

.	. .if rough and in the Hufk, the cwt. r

—	the Produce of any other Country or Place,

-	-	-	not	being	rough	and in the Hulk,

the cwt.

.	.	•	if	rough	and	in	the	Hulk,	the	cwt.	•

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rofe Wood, See Wood.

—	--Oil of, See Oil.

Rubies, Jewels.

Rum, See Spirits.

S..

Safflower, the cwt.

Saffron, the lb.	-	-

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sago, or Sago Powder, the lb.

Sago Powder, See Sago.

Sal, viz.

—	Ammoniac, the lb.

—	Gem, the cwt.

Salep or Salop, the lb.

Salop, See Salep.

Salt Petre, the cwt.

Sandalwood, Oil of, See Oil.

Sandarach Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, the lb.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Safiafm, the cwt.

Saunders, viz.

■■ ■ ■ ■ Red, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■ —— ■ White or Yellow, the lb.

Scammony or Diagridium, the lb.

Sea Cow, Sea Hone or Sea Morfe Teeth, the cwt.

Duty.	Drawback.
£• x. d.	£• x. d»
018	Oil
0 IO 0	090
026	018
050	
026	
O 15 0	—
0 10 0	
089	
076	0  w*  0
008	• —
006	
080	—
0 1 3	0 0 IO
006	—
018	oil
064	—
0 15 0	—
0 0 10	—
064	04 a
3 4 0	—

AJX1819.

59° GEa III,

C.st.

si:

Seal Skint, See Skint.

Seed, eft*

—	Anifeed, the cwt.

—	Caftor Seed, the lb.

—	Coriander Seed, the cwt.

—	Cummin Seed, the cwt.

—- Flax Seed, the Bufhel	»

—	Foreft Seed, for erery tool, of the Value

—	Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or

described, the lb.

—	Unfeed, the Buihel

—	Worm Seed, the lb.

----Seed not particularly enumerated or described,

nor otherwise charged with Duty, for erery loo/, of the Value Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sena, the lb.	-

Senegal Gum, See Gum.

Chaim, manufa&ured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof, for every iooL of the Value •

Sheep* Wool, See Wool.

Shell Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Shrubs, See Planta.

SOk, eit.

—	Knubt or Huike of Silk, the lb.

---- Raw Silk,

-	•	-	the	Produce	of any of the British Ter*

ritories in the East Indies, the lb. •	-	-	the	Produce	of any other Part of the

East Indies, the lb.

• Drawback on the Exportation of SOk thrown in Great Britain, firom a larger Quantity of Silk imported raw,

tofft.

-	- - if from Raw Silk the Produce of

any of the British Territories in the East Indies, the lb.

-	- - if from Raw Silk the Produce of

any other Part of the East Indies, the lb.

For .the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See the A& to wnich this Table is annexed.

■ — Thrown Silk, the lb. '	-

---- Wafte or Flofs Silk, not otherwise enumerated

or described, the lb.

Silver Com, Foreign, See Bullion.

— Plate, See Plate.

£• /• d.

300 oxo o 15 o

IOO

005

15 o o

OIO

005

016

50 o o O i 3

67 10 o

0 3 9

040

056

£. /. d.

oxo

o o 10

016

o 14 8

0 3 9

•040

*056

06a

0x6

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.

Skins, viz*

—	» Calves Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed,

or in any way dreffect, the Dozen Skins -

■..... Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or

m anyway dreffect, the Dozen Skins —— Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreiTed, the Skin

—	17 ■ Goats Skins, undrefTed, the Dozen Skins

—	— Huffe Skins, undreffect, the Skin

—	Leopard Skins, undreffect, the Skin —— Martins Skins, undreffect, the Skin

—	■■■ Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or

in any way dreffect, the Skin —■■ Squirrel Skins, undreffect, the ioo Skins ----- Tyger Skins, undreffect, the Skin

—	- Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs,

raw or undreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value -■«■■■■ Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, or in any way- dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every loo/, of the Value	-

Snuff, Duty free.

Snuff is subject to a Duty of Excife. Socotonna Aloes, See AJoes.

Specimens of such Minerals, Foflils or Ores, which are not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding in Weight i^lbs., the lb.

■ — exceeding in Weight I4lbs. each, for every ioo/. of the Value	-

Spikenard, the lb.	-	-	-

Spirits, viz.

....—■ Arrack, or Spirits not otherwise enumerated

or described, the Gallon

—	-— Brandy, the Gallon	•

-4—- Geneva, the Gallon *

Rum, the Gallon -	-

-------- the Produce of the Settlement of the Gape

of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, imported directly from thence, the Gallon	....

Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excife. Squills, dried, the cwt. -

------- not dried, the cwt.	-

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. /. 1
0  w  o	—
o o IO	—
O 1 0	—
O 2 IO	—
o o 6	—
096	—
0 * s	—
003	—
0 ii 6	—
096	
zo 0 0	—
V?  0  0	
O 9 2	
20 O O	—
029	0 1 10
0 2 1	1 -
O I II	—-
O I 11	—
0 13	
0 13	—
IOO	—
0 J 0	

Stockings of Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value -

Stow or Styrax,

■	— Calamity the lb.

-	■ Liquid*, the lb*

■	- ■ in the Tear or Gum. the lb.

Soccades, the lb. *	-	...

Sugar, the cwt. -

For the Conditions under which certain Portions of the Duty on Sugar may be suspended, according to the Average Price of Mufcovado Sugar, a$ publilhed in the London Gazette, when such Price shall exceed the Sum of 60s. per cwt.; and also for the Conditions under which 1/., 2/,, or 31. of the Duty may be suspended, according to such Average Price of Mufcovado Sugar, when such Price shall be under 49s. per cwt.. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar refined, the cwt. -

Note.—The Duties on Sugar imported are to continue in force until the 25th March 1820. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar Candy, vim.

—Brown, the cwt. -

—	—	> ■ White, the ewt,	•*	•

T.

Talc, the lb* «	-	«.

Tamarinds, the lb* -	?

Tea, Duty free.

Tea is subject to a Duty of Excifr. \

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Terra Japonioa or Catechu, the lb.

Thread, vm. Cotton Thread, for every xooI of the Value ......

Tin, the cwt. •	#	»	t	•*

lineal. See Borax.

Tobacco, Duty free.

Tobacco is subject to a Duty of Excite. Tonnage Duty on Smps or Veffela entering Inwards from Foreign Parts. Set Table E*

Tortoife Shell, vi%.

■ ■	■ , —Manufadura of, for every loot of

the Value Rough, and unmanufadured, the lb.

£• /• d. 67 10 o

020

0 3 4 084 032 200

£. /• d.

o 1 4 022 056

880

12 o

8 o

008

Q o 8

o o 10

67 ID O

5 9 3

Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.

50 e o 040

TABLE (B.) —INWARDS.

Trees, Plants.

Turbith, the lb.

Turmerick, the lb. Turpentine, Oil of. See Oil. Tutus Lapis, See Lapis. Tyger Skins, See Skins.

V.

Duty.

£• /• d, o a 6 o o 8

Drawback.

£• /. d. o i 8 o o 5

Vermicelli, the lb. Vermilion, the lb.

o o 8

0 2 0

o I 4

W.

Walking Canes, 1

■	Sticks, > See Canes^

Wanghee Canes, J

Wafte, viz.

■ ■ ■ ■ Cotton Wafte, See Cotton Wool in Wool.

—	—■ ■ Silk Wafte, See in Silk.

Wax, viz.

■	■■ ■ - Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwtv

..... White or manufa&ured, the cwt. -

—	Candles, See Candles.

Wine, For the Duties and Drawbacks- thereon, See Wine in Table A, Inwards.

Wood, viz.

■	■ Bar Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■■ ---- Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■■■ --- Ebony, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -

■■ ■ — Red Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

.... Rofe Wood, the cwt. -

■	■■ Teake Wood, or other Wood fit for Ship-

building, 8 Inches square or upwards, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Teake or other Wood fit for Ship-building, the Growth or Produce of any Place or Country within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, may be admitted to Entry Duty free. See the 54 Geo. 3. c. 66.

—	"■ ■- Wood fit for Ship-building, See % Teake

Wood.

Wool, viz.

-----Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

3*6

63-6*

o 15 o o 15 o o 15 o o 15 O-100

I 10 o

AJU819.

59* OEO. III.

C.52.

817

I TABLE (B.)-INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wool—continued.  — Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool,  .... until the 5th January 1820 incluGve,	£. i. d.	£• j. d.
the ioolbs. ... .... from and after the 5th January 1820,	087	—
for every 100/. of the Value The above Duty on Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, knpofed according to the Value thereof, shall be charged and payable on all such Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool on which the Duty shall not have been fully paid on or before the 5th January 1820. See the A€t to which this Table it annexed.  		Lambs Wool, See Sheeps W00L  	 Sheep or Lamb’s Wool, the lb.  .... the Produce of, and imported from, any British Colony or Territory,  - - - - until the 5th January 1823,	600	
	006	
incluiive, thedb.  		 from the 5th January 1823,  until the 5th January 1826,	091	
incluftve, the lb.  - - - - from and after the 5th January	003	—
1826, the lb. ...  Worm Seed, See Seed.	0  0  0\	
Y.  Yarn, vis. Cotton Yarn, the lb. -	0 1 3	—
Z.  Zedoaria, the lb. • - -  , Good*, Wares and Merchandise, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or defcribea, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor used in	013	0 0 10
Great Britain, for every 100/. of the Value Goods, Wares and Merchandise, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor used in. Great Britain, for every 100/. of the Value	vn  O  O  0	
	20 0 O	—

C. 52.

69° GEO. m.

A,D, ini,

SIB

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.	f Doty*	Drawback.
Goods, Wares, &c. — continued.  For tie Manner in wtych the Value is to be ascertained of such Goods on which the Duties are charged in this Table according to the Value, See 27 Geo. 3. c. 13., 53 Geo. 3. c. icj., and 34 Geo. 3. c. 36.  For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations* | under which the Doty on fnch of the Articles enumerated or described in this Table, as shall be imported by the East India Company, may be secured by Bond, See 39 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 54 Geo. 3. c. 36. And for the Conditions, Rules and Regulations refpe&ierg the Payment of the Duty on fudr of the find Articles as ihall be imported by Perfons author rifed to trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, See 34 Geo. 3. c. 36.	£. /. d.	1 £• /• d*

TABLE C.

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain.

TABLE (C.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Foreign Good&  Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloths) having been imported into Great Britain, and secured in Warehouses according to Law, without the full Duties of Cufloms having been paid thereon, and exported from any such Warehoufe for Foreign	£. /. d.
Parts, for every 100/. of the true and real Value thereof  Tonnage Duty on Ships or Veflels entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, See Table E.  Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of Grbat  Britain.  1 Cinders, See Coals.  * Coals and Cinders usually fold by Measure, viz.	15 0 0
1 Meafure - - -  	exported to any Britifli Colony or Plantation in America,*  the Chaldrqn Winchester Meafure -	0 t 6
	G » 6

jjxm»

59* geo. m.

C.52V



TABLE (C.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Coal*, &c. — continued.  	exported to my of the Territories of the United States  of America,	£, u d.
... . - in a British built Ship, the Chaldron New* cafllr Measure - -..... in a Ship not British built, the Chaldron Newcastle Meafure ...	0	17 0  1	IO 2
Nete.—Upon the Exportation from any Piet of Great Britain of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, being the Growth, Production or MmifaClure of the United Kingdom, or of any of His Majeftr't Territories ~in Europe, diteffc to any of the Territories ot the United States of America, ht any Ship or Veffel buik in the Countries belonging to the laid States, os any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or VefTels of War belonging to tie Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the fsrid States, havaig Conaniifiao8 or Letters of Marque and Jfceprifal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Veflef being owned by the Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, no higher or other Duties (hail be charged or paid than inch as are charred and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, of the like Denomination or Description, when exported in Britiih built Ships or Veffek navigated and regiltered according to Law-—See 56 Geo. 3. c. 15. which A£k is to oontisoe in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.	
— exported to any other Place,  ..... in a British built Ship, the Chaldron New* castle Meafure ....	12 0
..... in a Ship not British built, the Chaldron NawcafUe Meafure -r Coals exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcaitle and Swanfey to the Iflands of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney,  .1 />i |j u ill w c . *	■ r 15 4  1
the Chaldron Newcastle Meafure .....	0 12 0
For die Conditions, Regulations and Refcri&ions, under which Coals may be so exported. See 6 Geo. 3. c. 40.  Coals and Cinders usually fold by Weight, rix.  —* exported to the I fie of Man, the Ton containing 20 cwt. 	exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America,	010
the Ton containing 20 cwt. ...  —	exported to any of tne Territories of the United States of  America,  - - - in a Britiih built Ship, thw Ton containing 20	0 f 8
cwt. .... - - - in x Ship, not Britiih built, tbs Ton containing	05 9
20 cwt. - - - -;	0 to 0

320

C. 52.

69* GEO. 111.

A.D.1819.

TABLE (C.) —OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Coals, &c. —continued.	
See Note on Coals usually fold by Measure, exported to the United States of America.  	exported to any other Place,  - - - in a British built Ship, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - - *	079
- - - in a Ship not British built, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - -	0120
Coals, via. Any Coals which shall have been screened through a Riddle or Screen, the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch asunder, shall on Exportation from any Part of Great Britain, be fubjeA and	
liable to such and the like Duties, and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts.	
For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, under which such Coals can only be exported on Payment of the Duty on Culm, See 56 Geo. 3. c. 127.  Culm, vis.  -■ exported to the Ifle of Man, the Chaldron Winchester Meafure -	
	006
exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chaldrqn Winchester Meafure	OIO
	exported to any of the Territories of the United States of  America,  - - - in a British built Ship, the Chaldron Newcastle Meafure - ...	046
- - - in a Ship not British built, the Chaldron Newcastle .Meafure ....	*
	080
See Note on Coals usually fold by Measure, exported to the United States of Amerioa.  	exported to any other Place,  - - - in a British built Ship, the Chaldron Newcastle Meafure - -	060
- - - in a Ship not British built, the Chaldron Newcastle Meafure ....	0 xo 0
Tonnage Duty on Ships or VefTels entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, See Table E.  The following Duty is also payable on Goods of tKe Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence, viz.  % Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as hereinafter mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, for every 100/. of the true and real Value thereof	0 10 0

4.D. 181ft.

59° GEO. III.

C,58.

321

TABLE (C.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
For the Conditions and Regulations according to which the Value of British Salt exported is to be ascertained, See 54 Geo. 3. c. 50.  EXCEPT,  Bullion.  Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bifcuit, Bran, Grits, Pearl Bar-kj and Scotch Barley, being the Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain.  Cotton Yam, or other Cotton Manufactures being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.  Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom. MeMes.  Military Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments.  For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Com-miffioners of His Majefly’s Treasury may permit such Articles to be exported and sent to any of His Majefty's Forces serving abroad, Duty free, See 50 Geo. 3. c. 107. Sugar Refined of all Sorts, and Sugar Candy.  Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain to the Ifle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Cuftoms in England or Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are or may be authorised and empowered to grant.  Any Sort of Craft, Food, Vi&uais, Clothing or Implements or Materials necessary for the British Fifheries established in the Ifland of Newfoundland, or in any of His Majefty’s Coionics, Iflands or Plantations in North America, on due Entry thereof, and exported from Great Britain to the said Coionics, Iflands or Plantations.  Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies. Militaiy Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.  Goods, Wares and Merchandise, exported from Great Britain to the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.	£. /. d.

59 Gao. III.

Y

S22

C.5J:

39° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

TABLE (D.) —COASTWISE.

Coals, Culm and Cinders, viz.

- ■ Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into the rort of London, viz.

-	• - in case they are such as are most ufually

fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

-	- - in case they are such as are most ufually

fold by Measure, the Chaldron Win-chefter Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ioHS under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Tons in the whole, may be "brought within One Year, by the Grand Jun&ion and Paddington Canals to London on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. c. 128. viz.

For every Ton of Coals so brought A further Duty of is. 3d. per Ton on Coals so . brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu oY the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals imported into the Port of London.

—- Coals brought down the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge in the County of Middlesex, and on which the

........Coaft Duties shall not have been paid, the

Ton	-	-	-	-

A further Duty of is, *d. per Ton on Coals so brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals imported into the Port of London.

Duty.

£. s. d.

Drawback.

£. x- 1

076

094

040

o 5 10

076

o to o

Coal*, See. — continued.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Coals may be so brought, and such Duties received. See 50 Geo. 3. c. 1 io.

-	-	Coals	laden on board any Ship or VeiTel cleared

Coaftwife at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mafter of such Ship or VeiTel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear the (aid Ship or Vef-fel Coaftwife, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he shall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Coals which it shall appear the VeiTel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of 3/. for every such Chaldron of Coals, Winchef-ter Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the fame Ufes with the respective Duties payable on Coals exported.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which such Duty of Three Shillings the Chaldron may be returned. See 52 Geo. 3. c. p.

•----■ Coals shipped Coaftwife at any Port in Scot-

land, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mafter of the VeiTel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Coals, but in addition thereto for every Chaldron thereof so entered Coaftwife, Winchester Meafure	....

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the said Duty of Three Shillings the Chaldron shall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.

—	■■ Coals (except Charcoal made ofWood) brought

Coaftwife from any Port in Great Britain into any other Port in England or Wales, (except the Port of London, and also except Coals brought or carried Coaftwife within the Principality of Wales, until ift August 1820,) viz.

-	- - m case they are such as are most ufually

fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

-	- - in case they are such as are most v^fually

Y 2

d.

s. A

030

040

\

038

TABLE (D.) —COASTWISE.

Coals, dec.— continued.

fold by Measure, the Chaldron, Win-chefter Meafure -- *— ■ Coals sent Coaftwife from the Port of New-caftle upon Tyne to any other Port in Great Britain, the Chaldron, Newcastle Meafure -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the Duties on Coals brought Coaftwife, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within England, may be secured by Bond, See 27 Geo. 3. c. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried from Ellen-foot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and Bank End aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms, See 8 Geo. I. c. 14.

—— Coals carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfaale in the County of Lancaster into the Ulverftone Canal, across or along the Bay or Eftuary separating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Cuftoms.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried on the Mon-mouthfhire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eaft-ward of the Iflands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eaftward of the laid Istands, without passing to the West ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 37 Geo. 3. c. 100.

And for the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthfhire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram Roads connected therewith, and afterwards carried to the Port of Bridgewater only by a Paffage to the Weft-ward of the Iflands called the Holmes, notwithstanding the Reftri&ions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. c. 115. of the Public Local and Perfonal A&s.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals used for melting Cop«-per and Tin Ores within the Counties ox Cornwall and Devon, See 9 Ann. c. 6.

Duty.

£•

d.

060

Drawback.

£. /. d. 056

Coals, &c. — continued*

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, Sec 14 Geo. 2. 0.41.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties paid on all Coals that shall be used for Fire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead Ores, within the County of Devon, See 51 Geo. 3. c. 83.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties paid on all Coals consumed in Fire or Steam Engines used for the purpose of drawing or raining Ores, or dead Stun or Rubbish, out of the Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, See 53 Geo. 3. c. 18.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback shall be allowed and made of all the Duties that have been paid on any Coals used for Fire Engines in Mines of Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead Ores, within the County ofCornwall, See 56 Geo. 3. c- *34-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the lfle of Angleley, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said lfle, See 26 Geo. 3. c. 104. and the A& to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which all the Duties on Coals used for

£.

/•

d*

£.

/•

d.

any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufa&uring of Tin Plates, and for other Purpofes at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, shall be repaid, provided the Amount thereof shall not exceed 1000L in any One Year, See 35 Geo. a. c. 39.

— ■ — Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought or carried Coaftwife to any Port within the Principality of Wales, until the ifI August 1820, viz*

Y S

Coals, &c.—continued.	£.

- - - in case they are such as are most usually fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-	-	o

- - - in case they are such as are most usually fold by Measure, the Chaldron Win-chefter Meafure	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the above Duties on Coals used for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tm Plates at Penny-gored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, such Drawback not exceeding the Sum of iooo/• in any One Year, See the A€t to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the above Duties on all Coals which shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper or Lead Ore, within the Ifle of Angle-fey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper or Lead within the said Ifle, shall be repaid, See the A€t to which this Table is annexed.

Note.—Coals brought Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, on and after the ift August 1820,‘will be fubje£t and liable to such and the like Duties as now are, or then may be payable on Coals brought Coaftwife into any Port of England, except the Port of London, See the A61 to which this Table is annexed.

— Culm brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chaldron Winchester Meafure -For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftrifscions, under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Tons in the whole, may be brought within One Year by the Grand Jun6tion and Paddington Canals to London on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. c. 128. viz.

For every Ton of Culm so brought A further Duty of ix. 3d. per Ton on Culm so brought is aifo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu 01 the Duty called Oiphan’s Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and l)uties payable to that Corporation upon Culm imported into the Port of London.

o

o

o

/•

J.

£.

X. d.

0	9

1	o

5 °

o 1	5

7 6

Coals, Scc.—continued.	£. /.	d.

—— Culm brought down the River Thames nearer to London than the City’s Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge m the County "of Middlesex, and on which the Coaft Duties shall not have been paid, the Ton -	-	-	-	o	io	a

A further Duty of I#, xd. per Ton, on Culm so brought, is also payable to the proper Officer of the ^Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan’s Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Culm imported into the Port of London.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Culm may be so brought, and such Duties received. See 50 Geo. 3. c. no.

— Culm laden on board any Ship or Veffel cleared Coaftwife at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mafter of such Ship or Veffel (hail not be permitted again to enter or clear the said Ship or Veffel Coaftwife, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he shall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Culm which it shall appear the Veffel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of 3/. for every such Chaldron of Culm, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the fame Ufes with the refpel live Duties payable on Culm ex* ported.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which such Duty of 3/. the Chaldron may be returned. See 52 Geo. 3. c. 9.

■ Culm shipped Coaftwife at any Port in Scotland and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mafter of the Veffel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain, until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of fucn Culm, but in addition thereto, for every Chaldron thereof so entered Coaftwife, Winchester Meafure -	-	030

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions

Y4

£. s. d.

328

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (D.)—COASTWISE.	Duty.	Drawback.
Coals, &c.—continued.  under which the said Duty of 3-r. the Chaldron shall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.  		Culm to be used for the burning of Lime,  carried from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan or Merioneth, the Chaldron Winchester Mea-	£. /. d.	£• i. d.
furfc -	0 1 s	—
For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Culm may be so carried, on Payment of the above Duty, See 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.  ■ ■ — ■ Culm, brought Coaftwife from any Port in Great Britain into any other Port in England or Wales, except the Port of London, and except Culm carried from	• **	
Milford as before mentioned, and also except Culm brought or carried Coaftwife within the Principality of Wales, until the 1 ft August 1820, the Chaldron Winchefter		
Meafure -  		 Culm carried from any Part of the Lancaster  Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfdale in the County of Lancaster into the Ulverftone Canal, across or along the Bay or Eftuary separating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Cuftoms.  —— Culm, brought or carried Coaftwife tp any Port within the Principality of Wales, until the 1 ft August 1820, viz.  - - - in case most usually fold by Weight, the	0 * 3	012
Ton containing 20 cwt.  - — in case most usually fold by Measure, the Chaldron Winchester Meafure -Note. — Culm brought Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, on and after the lit August 1820, will be subject and liable tp such and the like Duties, as now are, or then may be payable on Culm brought Coaftwife into any Port of England, except the Port of London. See the A& to which this Table is annexed.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&kras under which Culm may be carried on the Motimouthihire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the	0 0 1]	
	0 0 3	

TABLE (D.) — COASTWISE.

Duty.

Drawback.

Coals, &c. —continued.

Eaflward of the Iflands called the Holmes to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eaflward of the said Istands, without palling to the West ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 37 Geo. 3. cap. ioo. ’ And for the Condi-tions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthmire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram Roads connected therewith, and afterwards carried to the Port of Bridge-water only by a Paflage to the West ward of the Iflands called the Holmes, notwithstanding the Reftri&ions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. c. 115. of the Public Local and Perfonal Ads.

—	Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coaftwife

from any Port in Great Britain, into any other Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron Winchester Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Tons in the Whole, may be brought within One Year by the Grand Jundion and Paddington Canals to London, on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. c. 12$.

For every Ton of Cinders so brought A further Duty of u. 3d. per Ton on Cinders so brought, is also payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London, in lieu of the Duty called Orphan’s Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Cinders imported into the Port of London.

—	Cinders brought down the River Thames

nearer to London than the City’s Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and oa winch the Coaft Duties ihall not have been paid, the Ton -	-

A further Duty of 1/. 3d. per Ton on Cinders so brought, is also payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London, in lieu of the Duty called Orphan’* Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Cinders imported into the Port of London.

£. x.

d.

£.



d.

o " 6 o

076

o 10 o

I

Coals, &c.—continued.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Cinders may be so brought, and such Diities received, See 50 Geo. 3. c. 110.

— — Cinders laden on board any Ship or Veflel cleared Coaitwife at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mailer of such Ship or Veflel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear the said Ship or Veflel Coailwife, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he shall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Cinders which it shall appear the Veflel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of 3/. for every such Chaldron of Cinders, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the lame Ufes with the respective Duties payable on Cinders exported.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which such Duty of 3;. the Chaldron may be returned, See 52 Geo. 3. c. 9.

■	Cinders shipped Coailwife at any Port in

Scotland, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Mailer of the Veflel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain, until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation pf fuen Cinders, but, in addition thereto, for every Chaldron thereof so entered Coailwife, Winchester Meafure

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the said Duty of 3/. the Chaldron shall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.

■	— - Cinders carried from any Part of the Lan-

cafter Canal or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfdale, in the County of Lan-cafter, into the Ulverftone Canal, across or along the Bay or Eiluary separating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Cuftoms.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals, Culm, Cinders or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, on which the proper Duties shall have been paid or fecured*

d.

£.

030

Coals, &c.—continued1

may be brought or carried Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in England or Wales, without Payment of any further Duty of Cuftoms, See 9 & io Wm. 3. c. 13. and 55 Geo. 3. c. 174.

Slate, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, for every 100/. of the Value	...

Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as hereinafter mentioned), for every 100/. of the Value	....

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which any Marble, Limeftone or Iron-ftone whatever; any Stone cut or manufactured into Mill Stones, Grind Stones or Whet Stones, or either of them; any Stone manufactured or converted into Pofts, and Caps for Corn Stacks or Mowfteads, Troughs, Gate Pofts or other Articles used for the Purpofes of Hufbandry; or Stone used for the pur-pofe of repairing and upholding Sea Banks and Sea Walls in Great Britain; any Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery, or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, may be entered without Payment of Duty, See 34 Geo. 3. c.51. and 39 & 40 Geo. 3. cap. 51.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which the Duty on Stones that have been used in making Barn Floors, may be repaid, See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.

£.

26

26

/.

d.

£.

X.

8

o

26

8

8 o

d

0

A

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of the TONNAGE DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Ship* or Veffel* entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

TABLE (E.)—TONNAGE.	Duty.
Tonnage Duty on Ships and Veflels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, viz.  For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veffel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to the Iflanda of Guernsey, Jerley, Sark or Alderney, the Greenland Seas, the Southern Whale Filhery, the Iflands of Newfoundland, Cape Breton, St. John or Prince	£. x. d.
Edward’s Istand, or the Coaft of Labrador  For the Sufpenfion of this Duty, as far as it relates to Ships and Veflels entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port of Great Britain from or to the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.	0 0 6
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veffel entering Inwards or Outwards (except m Ballaft) from or to the Cape of Good Hope ...  For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to  _ TIC*	ft Y ^ * 		 — a*L _ V'i . _ £ T T - .	026
the .halt Indies, except the Cape 01 Good Hope -For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Verfel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to any Port or Place not otnerwife enumerated or described.	030
except the Ifle of Man - -N For every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Paffage Veffel belonging to the Subjefts of His Moft Christian Majesty, which shall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or take in or fet on Shore any Paffengers, in any Port, Creek, Harbour or Road of Great Britain, except any Ship or Veffel used only for the Purpofea of Plealure, and which shall not cany any Goods, Wares or	OlO
Merchandise, or any Paffengers, for Hire or Reward Note.—His Majesty is empowered by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, or by His Majefty’s Order or Orders in Council to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to direct such Duty or Duties as shall be therein Specified, to be levied, collected and paid in the Ports of Great Britain, on the entering or clearing out of the Packets or Paffage Veflels of such Foreign Countries as shall be named in the said Proclamations or Orders in Couneil, and from time to time, by any such Proclamations or Orders in Council issued or published as af6resaid, to reyoke, diminish or increase such Duties to the fame Amount as similar Duties may be respectively revoked,	036

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 52.

S3S

TABLE (E.)—TONNAGE.	Duty.
Tonnage Duty, See.—continued.  diminished or increased on British Packets or Paffage Veffels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of such Foreign Countries. But no such Proclamations or Orders in Council shall extend to any Ship or Veffel used only for the Purpofes of Pleasure, and which shall not carry any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or any Paffengers, for Hire or Reward. See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 9.  Note.—The Tonnage Duty is not payable on Ships or Veffels employed in the Fifheries on the Coaft of Great Britain, and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts % or on any Ships or Veffels bringing Oyfters from Jersey or Guernsey; or on any Britiih or lrilh built Ship or Veflel owned by Britiih Subie&s, which is not required to be registered. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.	£. /. 4.

TABLE (F.)

LISTS of ARTICLES which may be Lodged in 'Warehouses, or otherwise secured, at approved Ports in Great Britain, under the Rules, Regulations and Securities required by Law, without Payment, at the time of the First Entry, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof.-

TABLE (F.) —WAREHOUSED GOODS.

LIST (A.)

A Lift of Articles which when imported into the Port of London may be lodged and secured in Warehouses within the Premifes situated at the I lie of Dogs, belonging to the West India Dock Company.

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Caifia Fiftula Annotto or Rocou Anguftura Bark Cotton Wool



Not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Ginjger I Indigo Mahogany Melafles

Imported from the West Indies, and also ► all other Articles so imported which are enumerated in Lift E.

Pimento

Rum

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany

Melafles

Being the Growth or Produce of, and imported directly from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal.

Pimento

Rum

LIST (B.)

A Lift of Articles which when imported into the Port of London may be lodged and secured in Warehoufes within the Premifes belonging to the London Dock Company.

Brandy

Geneva and other Spirits

Rice

Tobacco

Wine

Not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the _ Charter granted to the United Company ► of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (Spirits and Wine excepted), or not being imported from the West Indies.

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool Ginger Indigo Mahogany

Being the Growth or Produce of, and imported directly from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal.

Melalles

Pimento

Rum

Spirits

Wine

4

Being the Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the

-	United Company of Merchants of Eng-

-	' land trading to the East Indies, and

imported otherwise than by the said United Company.

LIST (C.)

A Lift of Articles which ( not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from * the West Indies) may be lodged and secured in Places approved by the Commissioners of the Cuftoms.

Brimftone.

Cork.

Hemp undressed.

Iron in Bars.

Iron flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than 1 of an Inch square.

Kelp.

Mahogany.

Marble Blocks.

Oil of Turpentine.

Pitch.

Rape Seed. Rofin.

Staves.

Tallow.

Tar.

Timber.

Tow.

Turpentine.

Wood.

Zaffre or Cobalt. Linfeed.

A.D.181A

69° GEO. lit

c. si.

838

LIST (D.)

A Lift of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported into the Port of London from the West Indies) may be lodged and secured in Warehoufes or Places approved by the Connxriffioners of the Cuftoms.

Hides.

Oil of British Fifhing, viz.

---- Spermaceti or Head Matter.

----Train Oil, and all other Filh Oil. _

Blubber of British Fifhing.

Whale Fins of British Fifhing.

Skins and Furs, viz.

----Indian Deer Skins, half dressed or shaved.

— Skins and Furs of all Sorts, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed.

LIST (E.)

A Lift of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported into the Port of London from the West Indies) may be lodged and secured at such Ports, and in such Warehouses, or other Places, as now are or may be approved and directed by the Lords Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Treasury.

Alkermes.

Almonds.

Anchovies. Anguftnra Bark. Amfeed.

Annotto or Rocou. Arrow Root.

Aihes.

Balfam of all Sorts. Barilla.

Beads, viz.

-----Amber Beads.

-----Coral Beads.

Bees Wax.

Briftles undressed. Bock Wheat. Cantharides.

Catlini

or Luteftrincrs.

Chip Hats. Citrat of Lime.

Clover Seed.

Cochineal.

Cochineal Duft.

Cocoa Nuts.

Coffee.

Cotton Wool.

Cotton Yarn.

Currants.

Elephants Teeth.

Effence of Bergamot.

-------of Lemon.

— — of Spruce, the Produce of the British Colonies in America, and imported from thence. Euphorbium.

Feathers for Beds.

Figs.

Flax.

Ginger.

Ginleng.

Granilla.

Gum Arabic.

Gum Copal.

—	Senegal.

—	Guaiacum.

Hams.

Harp firings.

Hones.

Jalap.

Jefuita Bark.

Jet.

India Rubbers.

Indigo.

Ifinglafs.

Juice of Lemons.

----of Limes.

Juice of Oranges.

Juniper Berries.

Lamp BJack.

Linen, plain, of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth.)

Linfeed Cakes.

Liquorice Powder.

Lift (E.) — continued.

hogany.

Manna.

Mercury.

Mohair Yarn.

Molafles.

Oil of Almonds.

—	of Amber.

—	of Anifeed.

----of Bay.

----of Cajaputa.

----of Caraway.

----of Caflia.

----of Caftor.

----Chemical, not otherwise enumerated.

----of Cinnamon.

----of Cloves.

—	of Jeffamine.

—	of Juniper.

—	of Lavender.

—- of Linfeed.

—	of Mace.

—	of Maijoram.

—- of Nutmegs.

----of Olives.

—	of Oranges.

----of Palm.

----Perfumed, not

merated.

—	of Pine.

otherwise enu-

Oil, Rock.

----of Rofemary.

—	of Rofewood.

----Salad.

----of Saftafras.

—- of Spike.

—- of Thyme.

-— of Turpentine. •

----of Walnut.

Opium.

Orange Flower Water.

-------------	■	Ointment.

Pearl Barley.

Pi&urea.

Pimento.

Pitch, Burgundy.

Pot8, Mehing.

Prunes.

Quickfilver.

Radix Serpen tarise.

Rags.

Raifins of. all Soru.

Rape Cakes.

Rhinehurft.

Rhubarb.

Rum.

Saccharum Saturni.

Saffron.

Sal Ammoniacus.

—- Gem.

----Limonum or Acetofella.

----Prunella.

—	Succini.

Saphora.

Sarfaparilla.

Sena.

Silk, Raw, Thrown, or Wafte. Smalts.

Straw Hats.

Succus Liquoritix, or Liquorice Juice.

Sugar.

Tapioca.

Tar, Barbadocs.

Tornfal.

Toys.

Verdigris.

Vermilion.

Vinelloes.

And all other Goods unmanufactured, except Salt.

ft 1819.

59* GEO. IIL

SS7

C. 52,53.

For the Conditions, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Securities under which Goods enumerated in tne preceding Lifts may be lodged and secured in appro vedPlaces, See43 Geo. 3.cap. 132. — 45 6eo. 3. cap. 87. — 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. — 47 Geo. 3. cap. 48. — 48 Oeo. 3. cap. 126.— 49 Geo. 3. cap. 106. — 50 Geo. 3. cap. 64. — 52 Geo. 3. cap. 142.

LIST (F.)

A Lift of Articles which may be lodged and secured in approved Places, under the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions directed by particular Statutes.

Tobacco and Snuff. See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 59. — 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. — and 54 Geo. 3. cap. 36.

Corn, Meal, and Flour. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

CAP. Lni.

An Ad for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excife on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff,

Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the fame with the former Duties thereona, and for amending certain Laws of Excife relating thereto.	[2d	July	18190

4	Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	1T7E, Your Majefty's most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Com-4 W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

4 in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies necessary to 4 defray the Expences of Your Majefty’s Government, have freely 4 and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the 4 several Rates and Duties of Excife herein respectively mentioned ;

*	and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

*	be enacted And be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That there shall be raised, levied, col- The Duties lofted and paid, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and specified in the Succeffors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandise and Com- snnexed Scha-modities mentioned and deferibed in the Schedules A. and B. refpec-lively hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of SpCClfie^ Excife as they are respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the in Schedule C. said Schedules, over and above all Duties that have been continued paid and a)-or paid, or that shall have been or may be granted, laid or imposed low«A* thereon, or in respect thereof, by any A& or A&s of the present Seflion of Parliament; and that there shall be allowed and paid to the several Perfons entitled to the fame, the several Drawbacks of Excife 59 Geo. III.	Z	refpe&ively

C. 88.

39* GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Commencement of

Duties and Drawbacks.

Duties on Ac Articles herein mentioned to

new Duties

except Arrears,

fcc.

Proviso for Duties on Malt, Tobacco aodSnu ff, of c. 3. ante, and on Excise

Duties and Drawbacks proportionate to the actual Quantity.

paid into Exchequer and earned to Con-aolidated Fund.

respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the Schedule C. here* unto annexed ; and that the said several Duties and Drawbacks refpec-tively, and the several Provifions of this Ad, shall respectively commence and take effect on and from the respective Days hereinafter in that behalf mentioned, in every Cafe in which a particular Day is hereinafter specified; and in all Cafes where no other particular Day is specified, from the Fifth Day of July m the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Days respectively on which the Duties hereby hnpofed shall xefpeftively commence and take effect, all and singular the Duties on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, and on Pepper (not being Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper), and on Malt respectively, and on Beer imported or brought from Ireland into Great Britain, and on Wort or Wafh brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England for Home Coafumprion, and on Spirits extracted m England tor Home Confumption, or extracted in England and imported or brought into Scotland, or extracted in Scotland and imported or brought into England, or extracted. in Ireland and imported or brought directly into England or Scotland respectively, or into England through Scotland, and the Drawbacks payable in Great Britain on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Chocolate, Malt and Beer exported, shall cease and determine, and he no longer paid or payable ; save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrear thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftrvdy, which shall have been incurred at any time before , or on the fad Days respectively ; and save and except the Duties of Cnftoxms payable an Tobacco ana Snuff, which shall not cease or determine util die Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in anywise alter the Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Aft made in the pre-lent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Alt for continuing id Bis Majesty certain Dudes on Matt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England, for the Service of the Tear One thousand eigth hundred and nineteen ; and the Duties payable on Excife Licences.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Aft on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities, the fame shall in every Cafe be understood and deemed and taken' to apply m the fame Proportion, and after the fame Rate, to any greater or left Quantity than fucli specific Quantity.

IV.	And be it mrtner enacted, That such of the Duties by* this Aft imposed as shall arise in that Part’of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enacted. That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), ihall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wdtmnffer, and maR

7

be

A.ftisil.

5*GBO. III.

C. 53.

$39

W eartied to and made Part of the Confolidatcd Fuad of the United Kingdom of Gteat Britain and Inland.

4 VI. And Wheread an A ft was patted in the Idl SefTion of Par- 58 G.3. c.

4 foment, intituled	/or raising the Sum of Three Millions by the

* Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other An-4 modes, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum ; and 4 for granting Annuities to dsfcharge certain Exchequer Bills: And 4 Wtareas no Protifion hat been made by Parliament for the Payment 4 of the Charges occasioned by the said Aft Be it therefore enacted,

Hat from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred The yearly Sum and nineteen, out of the Monies so to be paid into the laid Receipt ,**«.^>3**b of His Majefty’s Eachaauer as aforesaid, there shall be fet apart the	of

vcarly Sum of One muuon one hundred and three thousand three Duty on Malt Bandied and twenty feren Pounds, being the aggregate Amount of hereby repealed tfe Duties of Excife on Malt hereby repealed, upon an Average set apart in of Two Yeart ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand quarterly Pay-eight hundred and nineteen ; and which yearly Sum shall be fet apart Renudndw a£ v	1	^	~	on the Fifth Day of January, piied as here.n

by Four equal Portions _	#	^	______

the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July9 and the Tenth Day directed* of OBober in every Year; and after setting apart the said Sum of One million one hundred and three thousand three hundred and twenty feren Pounds, the Remainder of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid fall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the purpose of defraying the focreafed annual Charge occasioned by the Loan made, "or Stock treated, by virtue of the said Aft of the lad: Seffion of Parliament.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That orft of the Monies so to be Tbeyeariy Sum

a into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer as aforesaid, there 7>4 40,074b be fet apart the yearly Sum of Seven millions four hundred and ^ttooTlSiL0 forty thousand and seventy four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, being the cise cm Tec, &c. aggregate Amount of the Duties of Excife on Tea, Tobacco and hereby repealed. Scuff, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts and Pepper, on Beer imported from Ireland, ■** •P«rt so Sad on Wort or Wafh made for extrafting Spirits in England for Home Confumption, and on Spirits extracted in England for Home Reminder ^ Confumption, or imported into Scotland, or extracted in Scotland plied as directed, and imported into England, or extracted in Ireland and imported into England or Scotland, or into England through Scotland, hereby repealed, upon an Average of Two Years ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and which yearly Sum shall be fet apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on foe Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April', the Fifth Day of Jufy, and the Tenth Day of OBober, in every Year; and after setting apart the said Sum of Seven millions four hundred and forty thousand and seventy four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, the Remainder of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as last aforesaid (except the Sum of Sixty fix thousand six hundred and ninety nine' Exception u to Fqowds, being a Moiety of the estimated annual Amount of the 66,699b Half iomeafod Duty on Tea hereby granted), shall be deemed an Addition	Amomit of

made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the purpose of	*7 on

defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by the Loan made, or Stock created# by any Aft faffed or to be passed in the present,

Seffion of Parliament.

VIII.	And he it further enacted. That the Sum of Sixty fix thott- How the said fond six hundred and nfcstr nine Pounds, being the other Moiety of 66,699!. o> b*

Z 2	the	W»W-

C.53.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

560.3* c. 17-

Duties and Drawbacks under this Act to be levied and allowed as former Dudes and Drawbacks of Excise;

and the Goods liable to the Regulations of former Acts.

the estimated annual Amount of the increased Duty on Tea hereby granted, shall be fet apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on tile Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, and shall be issued and applied in such and the like Manner, and to and for the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the Monies ari(ing by an A61 made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, are or shall be from time to time by any A& or A&s of Parliament directed to be issued and applied.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the (aid several Sums of Money respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the said respective Schedules A. and B. hereunto annexed, as the Duties and Countervailing Duties of Excife hereby imposed, and the Drawbacks fet forth in the said Schedule C., upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities respectively mentioned therein, shall and may be respectively railed, levied, collo&ed, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, (except so far as the lame are hereby altered,) by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excife respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be railed, levied, colk&ed, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and that the Duties respectively hereby imposed upon Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee and Cocoa, and upon Pepper respectively, shall be paid by and levied and recovered from the lame Perfon and Perfons by whom such Goods respectively shall have been or shall be taken out of the Warehouse, on Payment of the former Duties thereon, on or after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that the Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities so by this A& respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excile, or entitled to Drawbacks of Excife, as respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the said Schedules respectively hereunto annexed, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures not hereby altered, to which any Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any A& or A&s of Parliament in force immediately before the pamng of this A&, respecting the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for every Offence whatever, committed againtt or in breach of any A& or A&s of Parliament m force immediately before the palling of this A&, made for securing the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Dire&ions therein contained (not hereby altered), shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to aud shall be respectively applied,

fra&ifed and put in execution for and in respect of the several )uties and Drawbacks of Excife hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the said A&s, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Dire&ions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and ye-ena&ed in the Body of this A&.

X. And

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.53.

311-

X. And be it further enabled, That all Maltfters or Makers of Malt, Sellers and Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Diftiliers, Innkeepers, Viduallers and Vinegar Makers, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, who in trust for them, or any or either of them, or for the Ufe, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, or in his, her or their Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Granaries, or in any other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Parcel or Quantity of Malt whatsoever, ground or unground, shall on that Day, or within Ten Days next ensuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing at the Office of Excife within the Limits of which he, (he or they shall then respectively inhabit; and that every Maltfter and Maker of Malt shall in like manner give such Account of the Difpofal of all the Malt which he, (he or they shall have made, or had in his, her or their Poffeffion within One Calendar Month preceding the Fifth D?y of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, specifying the Quantity of Malt, and the Date of each and every' Delivery thereof, and the Name and Refidence of the Perfon to whom the fame reflectively was fold or delivered, and the Place at which the lame respectively was delivered, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Buffiel of such Malt, at the Eledion of the Attorney General, or the Perfon who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, for every Negled therein; and the Mak of which no such Account as aforesaid, or of which a false Account shall be given, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feed by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Duties by this Ad imposed on Malt Stock in hand shall be payable and paid in manner following; (that is to fay), Three pence, Part thereof, for every Buffiel of such Malt, on the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; Three pence, other Part thereof, for every Buffiel of such Malt, on the Tenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; Four pence, other Part thereof, for every Buffiel of such Malt, on the Tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and Four pence, the Remainder thereof, for every Buffiel of such Malt thereof, on the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty ; and afi such Maltfters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Diftiliers, Innkeepers, Viduallers and Vinegar Makers, who shall refiife to make such Payments, or any or either of them, for his, her or their Stock of Malt, at such time or times respectively, shall forfeit double the Amount of all the Duties charged or chargeable for or in respect of such Stock of Malt, or One hundred Pounds, at the Eledion of His Majetty* 8 Attorney General, or the Perfon who shall sue or prosecute tor the fame.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excife respectively to take a true and particular Account and Admeafurement of all such Malt as any Msdtfter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, or any Perfon or Perfons in trust, or for the Ufe, Benefit or Account of them, or for any or either of them, shall, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have or be possessed of or interested in, and for that Purpofe to enter into any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Barn,

Z 3	Granary

Maltsters, &c. to give an Account to Officer of Malt in Possession on July S, 1819; Maltsters to give a like Account of Malt in Possession within One Month previous to that Day, stating certain Particulars of Sale.

Penalty.

Duties payable on Malt Stock

In

Penalty.

Officers of Excise may enter Premises of Maltsters, &c-to take an Account of Malt, in Stock on 5th July 18x9.

312

C, 53.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 181f.

Not suffering

Officers to take Stock, or molesting them ia Execution of Duty;

Penalty.

Clandestinely removing Malt before Duties charged, or cob* coaling, &*.;

Penalty.

Malt forfeited.

Persons haring such Malt in Possession, &c.

Penalty.

Allowance to be deducted from the Amount taken of Malt Stock in tan4» for the Increase.

Granary or other Place whatsoever belonging to every or any such Maltfter or Mater of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, DiHiller, Innkeeper, Yi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, and each of them j and every such Perfon i« hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, on the (aid Firth Day of July One thouiand eight hundred and nineteen, or afterwards, at any time before the Duty upon such Malt shall be paid, at his or their Request, to enter and take such Account and Admeafurement thereof as aforesaid, and for that Purpofe tq call such Malt into a regular Form for the hotter ascertaining the Quantity thereof; and if they, or any or either of them, shall refuse to permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife so to do, or if any Perfon or Perfona shall obftru&, oppose, molest or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of such Powers hereby given, or shall use, or permit or suffer to be ufod, any Means, Art or Contrivance, by which any Officer or Officers may be deceived, hindered or obitru&ed in ascertaining or taking a true Account of the actual Quantity of all such Malt, he, (he or they /hall respectively forfeit One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bufhel of such Malt, at the Ele&ion of His Majefty's Attorney General, or the Perfon who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, for every such Offence ; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, DiftiUer, Innkeeper, Vi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, or any other Perfon or Perfons having in his, her or their Cuftody or PofTeffion any Quantity of Malt chargeable by this A£t with the said Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, for Stock in hand as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or oaufe or suffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon shall be charged, or dull fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause dr suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the Infpe&ion of the Officer of Excife or Gaugers such Malt, and every Part thereof, that then and in every such Cafe, every person so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sun of Doe hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bufhel of fiacli Malt, at the Ele&ion of His Majefty's Attorney General, or the Perfon who shall sue or prosecute for the fame ; and the Malt which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently oaa* cealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and (hail and may be feixed by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Perfon or Perfons in whole Cuftody or PofTeffion such Malt shall be found, who shall not before the Ducovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office of Excife of the Quantity of Malt so in his, her or their Cuftody or Po&ffioo, shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shift > lings for every Bufhel of such Malt, at the Election of His Ms. jefty’8 Attorney General, or the Perfon who shall sue or profoautc for the fame.	v

XII. And be it further enacted, That on all Malt which frail on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be in the PofTeffion of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Difkiiler, Innkeeper, Vi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, or any Perfon or Perfons in trust, cm for the Ufe, Rswfft ar Account of him, her or them, or any of them, and which dull bo account of by any Officer of Excife, and charged with the Duly mm Malt Stock in hand hereby impeded, then shall be allowed mmd. dedu&od from such Account, previous to such Charge of Duty,

Twelve

A.D.18J&

59® GEO. III.

C. S3.

349

Twelve per Cmetnm on all Brown or Porter unground Malt, and Five per Centum on all other un ground Malt, for the Swell or Increafe thereof, over the Quantity of such Malt charged with Duty when made.

4 XIII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been • made for the Sale or Delivery of some of the Articles or Commo-9 dities on which the said additional Duties of Excife are by this 9 Ad granted, which Contra&s or Agreements may have been made 4 with no Reference to such additional Duties, and thereby the several 9 Coatraftors may be materially affected For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That all und every Perfon or Perlons who Audi or may have made or entered into any such Contrad or Agreement dull, and he and they are hereby reipeftively authorised and empowered, in the Cafe of any such Contrad or Agreement, to add to much Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duty hereby granted on any such Article or Commodity respectively to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Aft to be paid for the fame accordingly.

4 XIV. And Whereas Spirits extracted in Scotland before the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for Exportation to England, are by this Aft made chargeable, on the Importation thereof into England, with the Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny per Galion, and Spirits ex> traded in Scotland, for Exportation to England, after die Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, are made chargeable on the Importation thereof into England, with the Duty of Ten Shillings ana Sixpence per Galion: And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of Excife in Scotland should certify, on every such Shipment of Spirits for Exportation to England, whether the fame was extracted before the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the whole of the Stock of every such Diftdler extracted before that Day shall be wholly exported and brought into England;* Be k therefore enacted, That froiMnd after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred aad nineteen, every such DiftiUer as aforesaid shall, in his or their Requeft Note for a Permit to accompany the Removal of any fuch* Spirits as aforesaid, specify and declare therein whether such Spirits were extracted before the said Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that in every such Permit the proper Officer and Officers of Excife in Scotland shall specify whether the Spirits therein mentioned are Part of the Stock of such DiftiUer extracted before that Day, until the whole of the Stock of Spirits of each and every such DiftiUer in Scotland extracted before that Day, ftsU be exported and brought into England; and in default thereof, any Quantity of such Spirits so imported, without such Specification as aforesaid, shall be deemed So be Spirits extracted after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and shall he charged with and pay the Duty of Ten Shillings aid Sixpence for every Gallon thereof.

XV. And be k further enacted. That on every Shipment of Beer for Exportation on Drawback made after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Shipper or Exporter thereof, together with the Brewer thereof, or his Foreman or Manager, shall make oath (which Oath the Officers of Excife are hereby em-

Z 4	powered

Siller may add additional Du-' ties to the Price of Article* contracted for.

Pram June 9, 1819, Distillers in Scotland So state ha Request Note for Permit for Removal of Spirits for Exportation so England, whether such Spirit*

Day, Ac.

On Oupmsot of Beer for Drawback, Exporter and Brewer to make Oath to certain Particulars.

C.53.

59“ GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

On Shipment of Tobacco for Drawback, certain Affidavit to be made by Manufacturer.

False Statements, Penalty aool. and Forfeiture of Articles.

Regulations contained in Acts in force relating to Tea, &c. heretofore executed by Officers of Customs, shall in future be executed by Officers of Excise; and all Penalties, &c. imposed by such Acts extended to this Act.

powered to adminifter), according to the bed of his and their Knowledge and Belief, that the fame has been brewed wholly from Malt which has been charged with and paid the Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Bufliel thereof; and in his and their Affidavit thereof specify the time when, and the Place where, and the Brewer by whom such Beer was brewed, and that the Quantity of Mah employed in the brewing of such Beer was in the Proportion of not lets than Two Bufhels for every Barrel thereof; and that every Manufacturer of Tobacco who shall after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, ship for Exportation on Drawback any manufadured Shag or Roll Tobacco, shall, in his Affidavit of the Duties thereon having been duly paid, specify that the Duty of Four Shillings fer Pound has been paid upon the whole of such Tobacco, and the time when, and the Place where such Doty was paid, and that if any Perfon or Perfons shall ship any Beer or any manufactured Tobacco for Exportation on the Drawback hereby granted on Beer and manufactured Shag or Roll Tobacco respectively, or shall claim any such Drawback thereon refpeCtively, without making such Affidavit refpeCtively as aforesaid, no such Drawback shall be payable or paid ; and if such Duties refpeCtively shall be so fwom to have been paid, and shall not have been paid, or if any such shall be in any other respect false and untrue, every such Perfon shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Beer and Tobacco refpeCtively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

‘ XVI. And Whereas the refpeCtive Duties payable in Great

*	Britain, for and upon Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco 4 and Snuff, and upon Pepper, not being Cayenne, Long Pepper

*	or Guinea Pepper, are by this ACt made wholly Excife Duties ;* Be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Powers and Authorities, Rules and Regulations, contained in any ACt or ACts of Parliament in anywise relating to Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, or such Pepper refpeCtively, or to the Importation, entering, landing, warehouiing, weighing, garbling. Removal, Delivery, Exportation or bonding thereof, contained in any Ad or ACts of Parliament in force at or immediately before the passing of this ACt, and granted to and heretbfore exercifedby the Commissioners and Officers of Cuftoms, shall be, from and after the passing of this ACt, executed, exercised and put in force by the Commissioners and Officers of Excife, for securing and collecting the Duties on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, and such Pepper refpeCtively, hereby imposed ; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any such ACt or ACts of Parliament, for any ACt or Ads which may happen to be done, or refused or neglected to be done, by any Perfon or Perfons in anywise relating to Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, or such Pepper refpeCtively, or to the Importation, entering, landing, warehousing, weighing, garbling. Removal, Delivery, Exportation or bonding thereof, without the Warrant, Order, Approbation or Permiffion of the Commissioners or Officers of Cuftoms refpeCtively, shall be incurred, loft and forfeited, upon the like Ad or Ads being done or refused or neglected to be done, without the Warrant, Order, Approbation or Permiffion of the Commissioners or Officers of Excue, in like

manner.

59° GEO. III.

C. 53.

345

manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated and applied, as if all and singular such Powers and Authorities had been originally given and granted to such Commiflioners and Officers of Excife respectively, and such Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures were so inserted and contained in this present Ad; any thing in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by any Writing under their Hands, to make and issue such Orders, Directions and Regulations, as they from time to time shall deem necessary or expedient for facilitating the official Bufi-nefs to be transacted in respect to the Importation, warehoufing or Exportation of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco, Snuff and rep-per respectively ; and for more effectually and conveniently transferring, in pursuance of this Ad, the Colledion of the whole of the Duties on such Goods* and Merchandise respectively from the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms to the Commiflioners of Excife; any thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithHanding.

4 XVIII. And Whereas the Duties upon Tea are by Law to be 4 computed on the Price at which the fame shall be fold: And 4 Whereas Tea has been unlawfully landed, and has been taken out 4 of the Warehoufe or Storehoufe in which the fame has been put, 4 and fraudulently carried into Confumption, without being publicly 4 fold, and without Payment of Duty, and by reason of such ^Tea 4 not being publicly fold, no Rate or Amount of Duty thereon 4 could be fixed or computedBe it therefore enacted, That whenever any Tea imported into Great Britain shall be unlawfully landed, or shall be fraudulently taken or carried away out of any Ship or Veffel, or any Warehouse, Storehoufe or Place in which the lame has beep lodged or put without Payment of Duty, or shall be allowed or ordered to be fold as salved, or as forfeited and condemned Goods, the Amount of Duty which attached on the Importation thereof shall be computed, and where such Duty is by Law payable, shall be paid at the fame Rate or Price at which Tea of the be(l Quality of the like Kind was fold at the lad preceding Sale of Tea by the Eaji India Company.

4 XIX. And Whereas by an A61 made in the Thirteenth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, it was, amongst other Things 4 enacted, that Dedudion or Allowance of One Seventh Part shall 4 be made from and upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of all 4 Coffee in the Hulk, of the Growth and Produce of the Ifland of 4 Dominica, or of any other British Colony or Plantation in America, 4 imported into Great Britain, for which Quantity so deduded as 4 aforesaid no Cuftoms or Dutv of Excife shall be paid by the Im-4 porter or Proprietbr thereof: And Whereas an Allowance is by 4 another Ad, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, granted to the Importers, Proprietors or Con-4 fignees of any Come or Cocoa Nuts, at and after the Rate of Two 4 Pounds for every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Coffee or 4 Cocoa Nuts, as a full Compenfation for all Lofs, Wafte or Da-4 mage whatever, whether occasioned by garbling or otherwise; but

4 Doubts

Treasury may issue such Orders as they think expedient for facilitating the Transfer of the Duties from Commissioners of Customs to Commissioners of Excise.

Tea unlawfully landed or fraudulently taken from Warehouse, Ac. to be charged with Duty at the Rate of the preceding Sale of Tea by the East India Company.

»3 G. 3 e. 73. §3-

S46

0* 53,

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1919.

repealed.

From July .f» 1819, Persons licensed to deal In Coffee may deal in Pepper.

Unduly dealing Penalty jcL

Pepper, except Cayenne, &c. subject to suck Regulations as East India Coffee, except Sise or Weight of Package.

Regulations for securing the Itety on Coffhe extended to

Pepper.

Making or selling Commodities in Imitation of Pepper,

100L and Forfeiture.

*	Doubts have arisen whether the Allowance direftcd by the faid

*	former Aft of the Thirteenth Year aforesaid, was thereby repealed,

*	and it is expedient to remove such Doubts, and to expressly repeal

*	the said Allowance first abovementionedBe it therefore enacted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, so much of the said Aft of the Thirteenth Year aforesaid as is hereinbefore recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XX.	And be it furtner enacted. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Perfon and Perfons duly licensed to deal in, retail and fell Coffee, shall be thereby licensed and authorised to deal in, retail and feD Pepper; and that if any Perfon or Perfons shall have or receive for Sale, or deal in, retail or fell Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, without being duly licensed to deal in, retail and fell Tea and Coffee, he, (he ana they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, fhaD be and the fame is hereby made subject in all things in respect of the Importation, warehousing, Removal, Sale or Exportation thereof, to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Ruses, Reftriftions and Forfeitures to which Eafl India Coffee is generally or specially subject or liable by this or by any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to Ms Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, not hereby altered, in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, save and except in the Size or Weight of the Package in which the fame shall or may be imported or exported ; and that all and every Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of such Pepper, shall be and is hereby made subject, with respect to such Pepper, and the Receipt, Cuftody, Sale, Delivery and Removal thereof, to all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, imposed on Dealers in, Retailers or Sellers of Coffee by this or by any such Aft or Afts of Parliament not hereby altered, made for securing the Revenue of Excife on Coffee, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and 'Direftions therein contained, with respect to Coffee, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of such Pepper, and of the Duty hereby hnpofed thereon, save and except as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Afts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pams, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted m the Body of this Aft as to such Pepper, and to all Dealers in, Retailers or Sellers thereof.

4 XXII. And Whereas Commodities made in imitation of Pepper ‘ have of late been fold and found in the Cuftody and Pofleffion of

*	various Dealers in Pepper, and other Perfons in Great Britan;* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, if any Commodity or Commodities, Subftance or Substances, shall be prepared or mann-faftured by any Perfon or Perfons in imitation of Pepper, shall be mixed with Pepper, or fold or delivered as and for, or as a Subftitote for Pepper, or if any such Commodity or Commodities, Subftance

AJXiaia.

59° GEO. Ill

C. 59.

947

or Sobftanaes, alone or mired as aforesaid, (Ml be kept for Sale, fold or delivered, or shall be offered or exposed to Sale, or shall be m the Cuftody or Ppffeffion of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Pepper, the fame, together with all Pepper with which the Came shall be mixed, shall be forfeited, together with the Package or Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be feixed by any Officer or Officers of Excife j and the Perfon or Perfons preparing, nwfaftnring, mixing as aforesaid, felling, exposing to Sale or de-Usering the fame, or having the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or Paffenion as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lode the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth From Oct ief

Day of Qltoier One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Dif- I*1?? D«*tiU*w tiller for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively shall, in EDgEmdTor ” each and every Year ending the Tenth Day of 03obery produce and Scotland re-flmfl duly export to and land and pay Duty for, in England or Scot- spectively shall land respectively, as the case may be. Nineteen Gallons at the least of yearly land and Spirits at the Strength of Seven pea Centum above Hydrometer Proof,	f(°Z.

foe every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh which shall be Joints #

ban wed or made by such Diftitter in such Year, except so much of strength of ftwh Spirits as shall be loft by Shipwreck % and if any such Diftiller Seven per Cent, shall in any such Year fail, negleffc or refuse to produce, and duly •bo*« Hydro-export to and land, or pay Duty for, in England or Scotland refpec- ?***

Only, as the case may be. Nineteen Gaftons at the least of such fepi- GaUonZof*

vita, at the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort brewed.

Wort or Wafh which shall be brewed or made in fueh Year by fuch

Distiller, and shall not, within One Month after the Expiration of

such Year, pay Duty in England or Scotland, as the ease may be, at

and after the Rate of Duty chargeable by Law for and in respect of

fueh Spirits so imported, tor every Gallon of such Spirits below or

fhort of such Proportion as aforesaid, which any such Diftiller (hall

fail to land and pay Duty for as aforesaid, every fueh Diftiller shall,

for every such Refufal as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the Sum of Penalty.

Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits not landed and paid

Duty for, except as aforesaid, in such Year.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any entered or lieenfed Distillers re-

Dift flier or Diftillers in Great Britain shall at any time after the paff- moving Wish ing of this Ad conceal, remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to or. °“ he concealed, removed or carried away, any wash brewed or made for	^

extracting Spirits, or any Spirits extracted in Great Britain, for or beeupsid, upon which the Duty payable by Law has not been duly charged, or

which shall not have been duly taken account of by the proper Officer

mi Excife, every such Diftiller shall for every fueh Offence forfeit and

lofe Five hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Penalty.

such Walk or Spirits so concealed, removed or earned away, at the

Clediou of the Attorney General, or the Perfon who shall sue or

pvofecute for the fame \ and the Licence of every such Diftiller who Second Offence,

fiuU be Twice convicted of the Offence aforesaid, shall, upon such Forfeiture of

Second Convi&ieo, be deemed void to act Intents and Purposes, and Licence, &e-

fech Diftiller shall not be entitled to any further or renewed Licence

as a Diftiller for the Period of Three Years from the Date of fueh

Second Conviction.

‘ XXV. Ajtd Whereas, by an Aft made in the Forty second Year 41G. 3. c.38.

* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Alt for granting 17*

• to

C. S3.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

343

Beer or Ale above i8a. the Barrel, exclusive of Duty, deemed Strong, and at 18s. or under, Table Beer.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty aocl.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Powers of 12 C. 2. c. 24. or any Law now in force relating to Excise, extended to this Act.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

*	to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported 4 into Great Britain, on Malt made in Great Britain, on Hops grown m 4 or imported into Great Britain, and on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and 4 imported into Great Britain; for repeating certain Allowances to 4 Brewers of Beer and Ale> and for preventing Frauds and Abufes in 4 the Revenue of Excife on Beer9 Ale and Malt; it was amongst other

*	things enacted, that all Beer or Ale above the Price of Sixteen ‘ Shillings the Barrel (exclufive of the Duties), should be denoxni-< nated and deemed to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the 4 Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under (exdufive of the

*	Duty), should be denominated and deemed to be Table Beer, within 4 the Meaning of the said Ad, and all other Ads relating to Beer

*	or Ale: And Whereas it is expedient, during the Continuance of 4 the Duties now imposed upon Malt, to permit Brewers of Table 4 Beer to increase the Price thereof, as hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enacted, That all Beer and Ale above the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel (exclufive of the Duties), shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale; and all Beer of the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel or underY exclusive of Duties), shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table Beer, within the Meaning of this Ad, and of all other Ads of Parliament in force relating to Beer or Ale.

XXV I. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of. the Powers and Authorities by this Ad granted, or any or either of them, except in such Cafes for which other Penalties are by this Ad provided, every Perfon so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or referred to by this Ad, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That all and every the Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for fettting a Revenue upon Hu Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, are provided and established, shall be practised, used and put in execution in and for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this present Ad.

XXIX.	And be it enacted, That this Ad, or any of the Provi-fions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be passed in this Seffion of Parliament.

SCHE-

59° GEO. III.

C.5S.

349

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers. A.

DUTIES.

COFFEE AND COCOA NUTS.

Duties.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Coffee of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, or the Well Indies, or Africa, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and of all Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce afore-said, which shall, on or after the 10th Day of O&ober 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or shall then be in the Warehoufe where the fame was deposited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Coffee, for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame were deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Coffee which shall on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought -into Great Britain, and of all Cocoa, Nuts which shall, on or after the 10th Day of O&ober 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company or by Perfons authorised so to trade, or which Cocoa Nuts mall on the said 10th Day of O&ober be in the Warehoufe in which the fame was deposited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every round Weight Avoirdupois of all such Coffee for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame were deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all other Cocoa Nuts which shall, on or after the 10th Day of O&ober 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or shall then be in the Warehoufe where the fame was deposited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Coffee for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame were deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of	-	-	-

£. /•

o 1

O I

o

2

d.

6

SCHEDULE A.

Duties.

MALT.

For and upon every Bufhel of all Mak which) from and after the cth Day of July 1819, shall be made in Great Britain from Barley) or any other Corn or Grain* or shall be brought from Scot-land into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the full Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence on every Bufhel thereof hereby imposed, an Exeife Duty of And for and Upon every Bufhel of Malt, whether ground or un-ground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or drain, belonging to any Malt Iter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, DifliHer, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, which shall be either in hi* Cuftody or Pofsession, or in the Cuf-tody or Pofleffiod of any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, in trust for him, her or them, or for hie, her or their Ufe, Benefit or Account, in Great Britain, on the 5th Day of July 1819, an Excife Duty of	-	-	-	j

PEPPER.

£.

J.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, which (tall* on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and (of and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of a& such Pepper, for or in respect whereof tho Duties by Low then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of Jane *$1$ or which on that Day was or remained in tho Wacfehottfe in which the faftie was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excite Duty of

SPIRITS—BRITISH.

For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wafh brewed or made on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, from any Malt, Com* Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith* for extracting therefrom Spirit* in England for Home Confumption, an Excife Duty of	-	-	-	-

For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wafh brewed Or made on and after the 9th Day of June 1819, from MolafTes or Sugar* or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Confumption* an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wafh brewed or made on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, from Foreign refused Wines, or other Foreign Material or Materials, (except Molaffes or Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Confumption, an Excite Duty of -For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, for Home Confumption* from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from any Malt* Corn* Grain* Tilts or any Mixture therewith, over and above the Pro-

oao

026

036

SCHEDULE A.

Spirits—Britifh, continued* portion of Nineteen Gallons of such Spirits, the whole being computed at Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wafh so diililled into Spirits, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England for Home Confumption on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, by any Diftiller or Diflillers in England, from any Wort or Warn for or in respect whereof the Duty of Two Shillings for every Gallon thereof hereby imposed shall not have been charged and paid, computed at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, for Home Confumption, from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from MolaHes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, over and above the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons of such Spirits, the whole being computed at Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wafh so diililled into Spirits, an Excife Duty of	-	*	-	-

rFor and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of all Spirits extracted in England, and which shall be imported or brought from thence into Scotland, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and Co in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of all Spirits extracted in Scotland before the 9th Day of June 1810, and which shall be imported or brought from thence into England of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of all Spirits extracted in Scotland after the 9th Day of June 1819, and which shall be imported or brought from thence into England, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and Co in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of -

f At to the above Duty of 4^ 9^/. fee c• 105. § I.

Duties.

£. /. J.

©10 6

® * 3

O II O

9 4

0 9 Si

o 10 6

TEA.

For and upon all Tea fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, on or after the ift Day of June 18ip, and for or in refpefl whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not before the 9th Day

A.D. 1819.

SCHEDULE A.	Duties.
Tea—continued.  of June 1819 fully paid, and for and upon all Tea which ftiall be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Duty of Ninety fix Pounds per Centum on Tea fold at such Sales at or under Two Shillings per Pound Weight, and One hundred Pounds per Centum on all Teas fold at such Sales above Two Shillings per Pound Weight, to be computed upon the Grofs Prices at which such Tea was or shall be fold.  The said Duty on all Tea fold by the East India Company to be paid by the Purchafers thereof respectively to the said Company, and by the said Company to the Com-jniffioners of Excife.  TOBACCO AND SNUFF.  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majefty’s Coionics, Plantations, I Hands or Territories in America, or the West Indies, or of the United States of America, or of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Ruflia, or of the Ottoman or Turkifti Empire, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all Tobacco which fh'all, on or after that Day, be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by rerfons authorised so to trade; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Tobacco, for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of -  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Tobacco of the Growth, Produ&ion or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Tobacco, for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of - - - -  For and upon eveiy Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Snuff (not being Irifh Snuff) which shall on or after the 9th Day of June 4819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and for and upon every Pound Weight1 Avoirdupois of all Snuff for or in re-fpeCfc whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of -	£. s. d. 030  |  1  \  OJO  OJO

B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES.

BEER.

For and upon every Barrel consisting of Thirty fix Gallons Englifh Beer Measure, of Iri(h Strong Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain directly from Ireland, an Excife Countervailing Duty of - -

Countervailing Duties.

d.

O l6 3

. MALT.

For and upon every Bufhel of Malt made in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Great Britain unground, an Excife Countervailing Duty of	...

036

SPIRITS.

For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of Spirits, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland and imported or brougnt from thence into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excite Countervailing Duty of	-

For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of Spirits, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excife CountervailingDuty of For and upon every Gallon Engliih Wine Meafure of Spirits, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland, and imported or brougnt from thence into Scotland, and from Scotland into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Countervailing Duty of -

'At to the above Countervailing Duty of 5/. 3\d. fee c. 105. § pofi."]

O II o

O 5 3i

046

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and of all Iri(h manufactured Tobacco, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of 1 June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of	-

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifh manufactured Rappee Snuff, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of

59 Geo. III.	A	a

354

C. 53,

59° GEO. III.



SCHEDULE B.	Countervailing  Duties.
Tobacco and SnufF—continued.  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifli manufactured Brown Scotch SnufF, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of ...  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifh manufactured Scotch SnufF, and of all other Irifh manufactured Snuff not before particularly mentioned, which fhail, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great > Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of -	O O P  SO ^

c.

DRAWBACKS.

BEER.	DnvUdi
For and upon every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings per Barrel, exdufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Artide of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandise, and which fhail be proved to have been brewed after the 5th Day of July 1819, from Malt for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, a Drawback of	£. /•  0 16 1
SPIRITS —BRITISH.	
For and upon every Gallon of Spirits extracted in Great Britain and exported to Ireland after the 5th Day of July 1819, at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback in respect of the Malt used and consumed in the Extraction of such Spirits - -	006
TOBACCO.	
For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Shag, Roll or Carrott Tobacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may be lawfully imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties hereby imposed ip respect thereof shall have been paid, and .which (haU be exported as Merchandife by the Manufacturer thereof from such Ports to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of -	036

CAP.

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.5*.

355

CAP. LIV.

An Aft to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal.

[ad July 1319.]

*	TT THE REAS a Convention of Commerce and Navigation was

*	VV concluded between His Majesty and the United States of

*	America, bearing date the Third Day of July One thousand eight 4 hundred and fisteen, for Four Years from the said Date: And

*	Whereas an A 61 was pa fled in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of ■4 His present Majesty, intituled An AS to carry into effeQ a Con-

*	vent ion of Commerce concluded between His Majejty and the United 4 States of America s And Whereas another Aft was passed in the

*	fame Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An AS to 4 amend an AS passed in the present SeJJion of Parliament, intituled * An 4 AS to carry into efftS a Convention of Commerce concluded between 4 Hit Majesty and the United States of America :* And Whereas 4 another Aft was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His said Ma-4 jefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to allow British Goods to be exported 4 direS from this Country to the United States of America, upon the 4 fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country : And Whereas

*	a further Convention of Commerce and Navigation has been con-4 eluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, 4 dated the Twentieth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred 4 and eighteen, whereby in the Fourth Article all the Provifions of

*	the aforesaid Convention, concluded on the TTiird Day of July 4 One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, except as therein excepted, 4 are extended and continued in force for the Term of Ten Years 4 from the Date of the Signature of the said further Convention : 4 And Whereas it is expedient to give effect to such Parts of the 4 said Convention as require the Sanction of Parliament, and to make 4 further Provifions than are contained in the said recited Afts paffed

* in the Fifty sixth and Fifty seventh Years of His said Majefty’s

* Reign ;* Be it therefore enafteef by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament aftcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Afts passed in the Fifty sixth and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into any Part of the United Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, being the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture, of any of the Territories of the United States of America, imported direct From the fai<J Territories in any Ship or Veffel built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships ot Veffels of War belonging to the Government or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, Saving Commiflions or Letters of Marque ?md Reprifal, from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Veffel being owned by the Subjefts of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Mafter and Three fourths of the Mariners are also Sub-iefts of the said States, no higher or other Duties ftiall be charged '	A	a	2	or

Convention, dated 3d July, 1815.

S6	O.3. e.is.

S6 G. 3. c,sk.

510.3. c.jg.

Convention, dated icth Oct.

Recited Acts repealed.

Goods of the Produce of tho United States imported in American built Vessels, to pay the like Duties as Goods imported in British Vessels. ..

C. 54.

59° GEO. 111.

A. D. 1819.

49 ^ 3* c* 9$*

Goods so imported in American built Vessels may be sold by Auction free of that Duty.

Exceptions.

The flame Duties on Exportation of Goods in British built Vessels to America as to Europe.

Same Bounties allowed on Exportation of Goods in American bulk Vessels as in British built.

Vessels of American built allowed to dear out for certain British Settlements in die

or paid, than such aft are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, of the like Denomination or Description, being the Growth, Produ&ion or Manufacture, of any of the Territories of the United States of America* and being imported in British built Ships or VefTels navigated and registered according to Law ; any thing contained in an Ad patted in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Adt for repeating the feverat Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Iiev thereof or any other Ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandife and EfFeds imported in any Ship or Veffel built in the said United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may be fold by Audion free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and EfFeds fold by Audion: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorise the Sale of any such Goods or EfFeds free of the said Duty, unless on the First Sale of such Goods or Effects by or for the Account of the original Importer thereof, by whom the fame were entered at the Cuftom House at the Port of Importation, nor unless such Sale shall be made within Twelve Months next after the time when such Goods or Effeds shall have been so imported.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the fame Duties shall be paid or payable on the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Great Britain* exported direct from thence to any Port or Place within the Territories of the United States of America in British built Ships owned, registered and narigated according to Law, or in Ships built in the United States of America* or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, as are or shall be payable on the Exportation of the like Articles to Europe.

V.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the United States of America of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the (aid United Kingdom or any of His Majefty’s Territories in Eu» rope, in any Ship or vessel built in the said United States of America* or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, the fame Bounty or Allowance (half be paid as at the time of such Exportation may De allowed upon the Exportation thereof to the said States in any British built Ship or vessel navigated and registered according to Law.

* VI. And Whereas it is expedient that Vefiels built in the Coun-

<	tries belonging to the United States of America* or any of them,

*	or condemned as Prize there, and bring owned and navigated as ‘ hereinbefore mentioned, fltould be allowed to clear out from any ‘ Part of the United Kingdom for the principal Settlements of the

*	Britifh Dominions in the East Indies* videlicet* Calcutta* Madras,

‘ Bombay and Prince of Wales's IJland* with any Articles which may

*	legally be exported from the United Kingdom to the said Settle*

<	ments m Brittfb built ShipsBe it therefore further enacted. That all Vefiels built in the said United States of America* or any of them, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be allowed to clear out from any Port of the United Kingdom for {he following principal Settlements

of

AD. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 54.

357

of the British Dominions in the £4? Indies, videlicet, Calcutta, Ma- East Indict, Ires, Bombay and Prince of Wales's IJland, with any Goods, Wares *“bject to the or Merchandife which may be legally exported from the United ■fme Kingdom to the said Settlements in British built VefTels, subject to ynn ”in the like Rules and Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and For* feitures as are now by Law imposed upon the Exportation of such Goods to the said Settlements in British built Ships, any Law, Cuf-tom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft con- Proviso for tamed ihall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any- Package, Ac. wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citi-	other*

sens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City Corporation, for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other Special Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law in respect of Goods imported and exported, but the fame ihall be continued as heretofore.

‘ VIII. And Whereas by the aforesaid Convention it is provided,

4 that no higher or other Duties or Charges ihall be imposed in any 4 of the Ports io any of His Majefty’s Territories in Europe, on the 4 VefTels of the United States of America, than shall be payable in the 4 fame Ports on British VefTels: And Whereas a finular Provifion 4 was made in a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, con*

* eluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highnefs The Prince 4 Regent of Portugal, dated the Nineteenth Day of February One 4 thousand eight hundred and ten: And Whereas certain Rates and 4 Dudes, under the Denomination of Light Duties, Pilotage, Balkft,

4 Buoyage and Beaconage Rates, Harbour Duties and other Dues,

4 are now payable by Law, Charter, special Privilege or Grant, to 4 the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, to the Truf-4 tees of Ramfgate Harbour, to other Bodies Politic and Corporate,

4 and to sundry Perfons in whom such Rates and Duties may be 4 veiled respectively on Foreign Ships and VefTels, over and above _ . . . ,

4 the Rates and Dudes payable on British Ships: And-Whereas it 0n\merican*

4 is expedient that the Objeft of the said Treaties should be effec- and Portuguese 4 tually carried into execution;’ Be it therefore enacted. That no Vessels enter-^ higher or other Rates or Dudes shall be levied on. Ships or VefTels of hig.tha Ports of the United States of America, or on Portuguefe Ships, or VefTels enter-ing or touching at any of the Ports of the United Kingdom, or- of M thos/payable IBs Maiefty’s Territories in Europe, than are now or which may on British become hereafter payable on Briti/b Ships.	■	Vessels.

4 IX. And Whereas it is expedient that the said Corporation,

4 Trustees of Ramfgate Harbour, other Bodies Politic and. Corpo-4 rate, and sundry other Perfons, in whom such Rates and Duties are 4 vested respectively, should be indemnified for the Lofs sustained by 4 means of this AftBe it further enacted. That the Difference in Certain Cor-fuch Cafes between the Rates and Dudes due and payable on Briti/b P0”1*" Ships, and those payable on Foreign Ships, shall be paid out of the ^nceeQf Confolidated Dudes of Cufloms;: and tor the more effectual Secu- Duties on Bri-rity of the Public Revenue in respect of any Claims which in virtue tishand Foreign of this Aft may be made, all and every such Claim or Claims shall be Vowels out of transmitted by the aforesaid Trustees, Bodies Polidc or Corporate, or Perfons interested, or their Agent or Agents, to the Corpora*’™ dat8d ut,e*

A a 3

558

Doties of Package, Ac* payable to Corporation of London on account of American or Portuguese Subjects, payable in like manner out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

Continuance

of At*.

C. 54.

69° GEO. III.

A.t). 1814.

Trinity House of Deptford Strand, who are hereby required to examine the fame, and being satisfied as to the Correftnefs thereof, are to certify the fame accordingly, under the Hand of their Secretary or other proper Officer, together with such Claim as the said Corporation may have, to the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in London Quarterly, for their Order for the Payment thereof; fend the said Commissioners are hereby required to direct Payment of such Claims out of the Confolidated Duties of Cuftoms to tne said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand; and the said Corporation are hereby required, after retaining what may be due as their Right, to pay over to the Trustees of Ramfgate Harbour, to other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and to the sundry Perfons in whom such Rates and Duties may be vested kefpeftively, the Amount of their refpeftivfc Claims, subject only to such incidental or other Charges as have heretofore been made in the Colleftion of such Rates andDuties.

X.	And in order that the Objefts of the said Treaties may be more fully efiested, be it farther enacted, That so much of the fad Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as have been heretofore jftrid lor Or on account of American or POr-tuguefe Ships, or American or Portuguefe Subjects respectively, fhall', after the passing of this Aft, be paid out of the Coniolidated Duties of Cuftoms to the Colleftor appointed to receive such Duties; and the said Colleftor for the time being is hereby required to transmit td the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, Quarterly, an v ccount or Certificate of such Duties payable on Foreign Ships, and by American or Portugnefe Subjests, for or on account of Merchamhfe imported or exported by them; the Amount of which Quarterly Accounts or Certificates, after due Examination, and befog satisfied as to the Coireftnefs thereof, the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms are hereby required from time to time to order to be paid to the said Colleftor for the time being out of the Confolidated Duties of Cuftoms accordingly.

XI.	And be it. further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, ■mended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be passed m this Seffion of Parliament.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue in force so long as the aforesaid further Convention between His Ma-iefty and the United States of America, and the aforesaid Treaty between His Majesty and His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent of Portugal, and so long as any Treaty to be made with any Foreign Power with the similar Provifion hereinbefore recited, shall refpec-tively continue in force*

CAP.

AD.J8IA

*0* GEO. III.

C. 5fi, 5&

359.

CAP. LV.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of Three Afts of the Fifty second, Fifty third, and Fifty seventh Tears of His present Majesty, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Vefleis, and to permit:

Articles, the Produce of America,, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles*

[ad JAy 1819.]

•'XTTHEREAS an Aft was pafied in the Fifty second Year of 5* G.3.C. 79*^

4 W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled Am A8 to allow Bri-4 tifh Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda. in British 1 Shi*, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America **i» Foreign Ships or Vcjfels ; and to permit Articles, the Production of 4 the feud United States, to be. imported into the said IJland in Foreign Ships ^tr Vejjelt t And Whereas an Aft was pafied in the Fifty third Year 53 G*3* & 5°»

4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for further allowing 4 the Importation and Exportation ef certain Articles of the IJland of 4 Bermuda And Whereas an Aft. was pafied in the Fifty feventn 57 G*3*	-

4 Year of His present Majefty*a Reign, intituled An A8 to extend the 4 Powers of Two A8s, for allowing Bntifh Plantation Sugar and Coffee, .

4 nod other. Articles imported into Bermuda m Bntifh Shipsj to he ex~

4 sorted /^-America in Foreign. Veffelst and to permit Articles, the Pro-does of America, to he imported into the said IJland m Foreign Shist, ..

4 to certain other Articles i. And Whereas it is expedient that the said v Afts Arnold be extended, so far as regards the Articles to be allowed 4 to be imported and exported Be it therefore enacted by The King’s More Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Earliantent afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in addi- American don to the Articles enumerated in the said Afts, it shall be lawful to	**	*

import from the United States into the Ports mentioned in the said imported*

Aat above recited, in Veflels of the Defcription therein dated, and under the like Authority, Reftriftions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Afts, the Article of Rofin, being the Produce or Manufacture of the said States ; and Articles, Proin addition to the Articles permitted to be exported by the said above duoe °f ®€r" recited Afts, to export from the said Ifland of Bermuda to the said United States, in such Veflels and under such Regulations as afore- uSredfltntrn hid, all Articles, the Produce or Manufafture of the said Istand, and all Articles whatever which shall have been legally imported into the Cane m any British Ship or Veflels

CAP. LVI.

An Aft to make further Regulations^ as to the Payment of Navy Prize Orders.	\2AJuly	1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft pafied in the Fifty fourth Year of His 54 G. 3. c.93.

4 VV present Majesty, intituled An AS for regulating the Payment 4 if Navy Prime Money, and the TranJmijRon of Accounts and Payment 4 if Balances to Greenwich Hojpbtaf: And Whereas another Aft

A a 4?	4	pafied

Cl 56,

S9* GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

*8 G. j. c. 64.

Certain Provisions of recited Acts repealed.

None but Per-* sons duly licensed can receive Wages, Prise Money, Ac. under Orders.

Proviso for Orders to Wives or Relations to receive.

Persons falsely representing themselves as Relations, &c. in order to receive such Wages or Prise Money, or receiving not being duly licensed, Misdemeanor.

* palled in the Fifty eighth Year of Hit present Majesty, intituled 4 An Ad to make further Regulations refpeSing the Payment of Navy 4 Prize Money, and to autborife the Governors of Greenwich Hoffstal 4 to bay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to 4 Hu Excellency the Ruffian Amhajddor: And Whereas it is expedient 4 that other Regulations should be made with respect to the Receipt 4 and Payment of Navy Prize Money Be it enacted by The King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That such of the Provifions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the licensing of Agents by the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy, as are altered by this Aft, and such of the Provifions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Aft of the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to Orders made or to be made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commilfioned Officers of Marines and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawftil for any Perfon within the United Kingdom to receive any Wages, Pay, Price Money or Bounty Money, or Money in the nature of Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commif-fioned Officer of Marines or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, for or on account of his Services respectively on board any of His Majefty’g Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortrefs upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandife or Treasure, on any conjunft Expedition of Sea and Land Foroes, under any Orders made or hereafter to be made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commilfioned Officer of Marines or Private Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, other than Perfons who shall be duly licensed in the maimer hereinafter mentioned for that Purpose: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any such Petty Officers, Non Commilfioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, from giving such Oiders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, to their Wives, or to the rerfons in the several Degrees of Relationlhip following; that is to fay, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of such Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IIL And be it furtner enacted. That if any Perfon who shall falsely represent himself or herself to be within any of the Degrees of Relationlhip in Blood as before described, in order to enable himself or herself to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money’, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Non Commif-fioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, under any such Order as aforesaid; or who, not being within any such Degree of Relationlhip, and not being licensed as aforesaid, shall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money for the Ufe of any such Petty Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy ; or if any Agent or Perfon, whose Licence shall have been revoked as hereinafter mentioned, shall offer himself to receive or shall receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance

of

A.DJ&19.

59° GEO. III.

C.56.

$61

of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relation ship afore-said, and be thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and pumfhed accordingly.

IV. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this Ad, every Perfon not being a Prize Agent, and having given Security as such in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds according to the lWifionsof the said Ad passed in the. Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall, before he can lawfully ad as an Agent for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of -Money, of any such Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, .take out a Licence for that Purpofe from the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy for the time being, who it hereby aathorifed and empowered to grant the fame to such Perfon as the laid Treasurer shall m his Difcretion consider fit and proper to be licensed for that Purpofe $ and the Perfon so approved by the laid Treasurer to be licensed shall, previously to his receiving his Licence to ad as such Agent, enter into a Bond with Two fufncient Sureties, to be jointly ana feveraUy bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, that such Perfon so taking out such Licence shall demean himself properly, and duly account to all Perfbns for whom or for whose Ufe any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, shall have come to his Hands, which said Bond shall be in the Form fet out in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (A.) : Provided nevertheless, that this Ad shall .not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent such Agents as have already taken out Licences from the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy, in conformity to the said Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, from acting as such licensed Agents during their respective existing Licences.

V.	And be it further enacted. That + every Licence granted in pursuance of this Ad the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more, over and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, shall be paid by the Perfon taking out the fame, to the Piymafter of Incidents in the said Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards the incidental Expences therein incurred, which Licence shall be in force for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof (unlefs previously revoked by the Treasurer of the Navy), and no longer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after the taking out of any Licence granted in conformity with this Ad, it shall appear to the Treasurer of His Mroefty’s navy for the time being, that any such licensed Agent hath abused the Truft reposed in bun, by not duly accounting to any Perfon or Perfbns by whom he AaO have been empowered to receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, far the Sum or Sums of Money received by him in that behalf, or by practising any Fraud or Impofition on any such Perfon or Perfons, then and in that Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to such licensed Agent, or left at his last or most usual Place of Abode, or Place w£tt$ his Bufinefs of Agency shall be carried on, to revoke the Licence so to be granted or taken put as aforesaid ; which 'Revo* cation, if such Agent’s Place of tranfading Agency Bufinefs shall be m London, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall be publi(hed in the

London

Persons, before acting as Agents for receiving Wages, &c. to takeout a licence from the Treasurer of the Navy, and enter into a Bond in Penalty ofjocL

Form of Bond.

Fee for Licence, beside Stamp Duty; f sic.

to be in force Three Years.

Licence rosy be revoked for Misconduct

Notice ofYU-vocation pub* lished in Lon-

0.56*

59° GEO. Ill



don Gazette, &c. and thereupon Power of Agent to cease.

Njmms, Set. of Agents to be bung up in the Navy Pay Office.

Notice to be given by Agents of Removal.

Penalty 50I.

In case of Bankruptcy of Agents, Orders only available for Sums advanced thereon.

London Gazette / and if in the Country, or out of the said Bib of Mortality, also in some public Newfpaper in circulation at or Dear td the Place where such Agent shall transact his Bufinefa of Agency, for the Information of all rerfona interested in Wages or Prize Money, and thenceforth the Power and Authority of such Agent to demand: and receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money, due .or to grow due on account of the Service* of any such Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, shall absolutely ccafe and determine*.

VII.	And be ft further enacted, That the Names and Places of Abode, and of transacting Agency Bufinefs of every such licensed Agent, shall be inserted in a Lift, and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somer/et Place, and in some confpicuaus Place in each of the Navv Pay Offices at the several Out Ports of the United*. Kingdom, for the Infpeftion of all Perfons who shall resort thither on Bufmefs ; and which Lolls shall be renewed from time to time as occasion may require*

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That' as often as any fuch* licensed Agent shall remove or change his Office or Place of con* dufting the Bufmefs of Agency, he shall, within Fourteen Days after every such Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majefty*s Navy, and to the Clerk crT the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital for the time being, on pain oF forfeiting for every Negleft thereof the Sum of Fifty rounds*

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any licensed Agent shall become bankrupt, all Orders made under or by virtue of former Afts of Parliament which shall be in his Pofieffion, or to which he maw be entitled at the time of his Bankruptcy, shall be available again, the said Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich for so muck' Money only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital to have been advanced upon such Orders by the Agent in whose Favour the foie1 Order* are made.

Form of Orders	X. And be it enacted, That from andafter the puffing of this Aft*

for Payment. all Orders made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Comnriffieaed Officers of Marines and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, and others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance* of Money in the nature thereof, shall be in the Form or to the Effieft let forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B.), and shall contain in the Body of such Orders the Value in Money and Good* advanced by the Perfon in whose Favour such Order is made to the Perfpn making the fame ; and a Certificate shall be printed on the Back of the Paper containing such Order, according to the Form or to the Effeft fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked Form of Certi- (C.), which Certificate shall particularly date whether the Period ficmfte os to tha making the Order is known to the Perfon signing fuch> Certificate, or Right of the	by whom he is represented to be the Perfon entitled to make fuch

them>nS gmD® Order, and the said Certificate shall be signed as directed at the Foot of the said Schedule ; and the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital shall pay upon every such Order, out of the Money belonging to the Penbn making the fame, so muoh ar shall appear to be due to the Payee named therein* with fegal Iotereft thereon (if the Amount of the Share of the Period making such Order will admit of such Intereft befog paid), and no more $ aad at

the

A.D, 181*.

5* GEO. III.

C. 56c

S63

the feet of such Certificate shall be fet out and Scheduled an Form of Inven-Inveotory of any Goods furni filed by the Payee to the Perfon making ?ry.of 9oods Inch Order, together with the Prices charged for the respective ™rnlshed* Articles in such Schedule contained, Which Schedule shall be witneiTed bt the fame Perfon or Perfons as shall sign the Certificate of the due Execution of the Order, after examining the Party making such Order to the Corrednefs of the said Particulars,’ and which said Schedule or Inventory shall be in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule to this Aft a&nefeed, marked (D.)	*

XI.	And be it further etiacted, That from and after the passing of Orders declared this Ad, all Orders m^de in purfuanCe thereof, or in punuance of irrerocable.

the said A A of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, by Petty Officers and Seaihen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines or Prime Marines, or others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grant bt other Allowances of Money m the nature thereof, and also nil Orders made under or by virtue of any former Ad or Ads which shall not hare been revoked before the passing of this Ad, shall be and the Came arc hereby declared to be irrevocable.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Falsifying shall knowingly iufert, or cause to be ittferted in any Order for the Dates of Or-Payment of Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants or other Allow- ders, Misde-inces of Money payable by the Commissioners and Governors of the m*toar’

Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, or by their Treasurer, any

other Date than the Day on which the said Order shall be executed, or shall knowingly present or utter any Order bearing any false Date as aforesaid, such Perfon or Perfons shall for every such Offence be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and puliilhed accordingly.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Payment of of this Ad, the Payment of Prize Money upon Orders, except such i>r“e Orders as shall be certified by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said sS'iis Royal Hofpital, in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be confined axecertisted, to the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital; confined to and that no A gent'or Agents appointed for the Diftribution of any Treasurer, Ac. Navy, Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of ^Greenwich Money, whether arising from or given in consequence of conjunct °8*11 * Expeditions or Services by the Navy only, shall pay any Shame or

Shares of the Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, or Supernumeraries or Boys entitled thereto, upon any Order or Letter of Attorney or other written Power or Authority whatsoever, except certified as hereinafter mentioned, but shall pay the fame to the laid Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen, Marines and Supernumeraries or Boy8 upon their respective Applications only, upon pin of forfeiting for every Payment made otherwise than as directed in this Ad, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and in Penalty, the Name of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agents to trans-Perfons licensed as Agents by the Treasurer of the Navy as afore- “J*

Cud, and for the Relations of Perfons entitled as aforesaid, and they	ftw

are hereby required and directed, after the Advertisement notifying Examination, that the Account of Sales of any Prize or Prizes is about to be who, at the brought into the Regiftry of the High Court of Admiralty Expiraiiooetf pnrfuant to the Provifions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Ad of 3° ■JF Parliament of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent	**

Majeffy, or immediately after the Execution of such Orders, to

tranfmit

364

C. 56.

59® GEO. Ill

A.D.1819.

Certified Order* only to be paid.

Orders made previous to 5 8 G.3. c.6*

If Money due on any such Order be not wholly paid, Clerk of the

Cheque to again Prise Agent

Prize Agents not to commence Distribution till 30 Days after Notification in the Gasette; and before giving such Notification to deliver a List of Prises to the Cleric of the Cheque.

transmit or deliver to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital all or any Orders which such licensed Agents may have received in conformity with the Provifions of this or any former A&, from Perfons entitled to Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money; which Orders, so delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall remain for Examination with. the said Clerk of the Cheque at the said Royal Hofpital for the Space of Thirty Days, at the Expiration of which time the said Clerk of the Cheque shall certify upon the said Orders respectively, whether he is fatisned that the fame are respectively executed in compliance with the Provifions of the feyeral Laws in force respecting such Orders; and the Agent for the Diftribution of the respective Prizes named in the said Orders shall only pay to the licensed Agent, or such Relations as aforesaid, during the time of Diftribution, and upon such Orders only as are certified for Payment by the said Clerk of the Cheque ; and that in case any Order made previously to the palling of the laid A& of the Fifty eighth Year of His present Majesty, shall be unpaid at the Deceafe of the Party making the fame, then so much only as shall have been actually advanced upon the said Order, to be proved to the Satisfa&ion of the Clerk of the Cheque, and certified by him, shall be paid thereon.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Money due to the licensed Agent upon any Order made and certified as aforesaid, shall not have been fully paid or satisfied at the time of the fame being returned to the said Royal Hofpital by the Agent appointed for Diftnoution of any Prize or Prizes, then it shall be lawful for the said Clerk of the Cheque of the Royal Hofpital, and he is hereby directed upon any other Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money to which the said Order relates, coming into Diftribution, or upon any Second or further Payment being made thereon, to transmit or deliver to the Agent employed in fuck Diftribution or further Payment, the said Order certified as aforesaid, or a Certificate of the Money still remaining due thereon, in order to enable the licensed Agent named in the said Order to receive full Satisfa&ion for the Sum remaining due and unpaid thereon; and the Agent to whom the said Order or Certificate shall be delivered as aforesaid shall pfiy the Refidue of the Money payable and unsatisfied upon the said Order ; and the said Order or Certificate being returned to the said Clerk of the Cheque upon the delivering of the Accounts of the said Diftribution shall be a good and fuffident Voucher for the Money paid thereon.

XVI.	And be it enacted, in. order to enable the said Clerk of the Cheque to examine and certify such Orders as hereinbefore directed. That no Agent or Agents appointed for the Sale and Diftribution of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, shall commence Diftribution until the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Insertion in the Gaxette of the said Notification, that the Account of Sales is about to be brought into the High Court of Admiralty; and every Agent appointed for the Purpofea aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required, on or before the Infertion of the said Notification in the Lomdam Gasutte% to deliver to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, a true and perfect Copy of the Diftribution Lift of the respective Prizes to which the said Notification refers; which Lift,

or

AJ).l 819-

590 GEO. IIL

C. 56.

365

Persons ea-

titled tp Prise Honey endea-▼ouring to obtain Payment by false Certificates, Ac. Misdemeanor.

or a Copy thereof, shall be returned by the Clerk of the Cheque to the Agent mraHhing the fame, at the Expiration of the time allowed by Law for Diftribution by the said Prize Agent; and every Prize Agent who shall refuse or neglect to furnish such Lift as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; all which Orders, so Penalty ioqI. certified and paid upon as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Treasurer of the laid Royal Hofpital as Vouchers at the time directed by Law for rendering Accounts, and paying over the Balances of the respective Diftribubons of any Prize or Prizes.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons really entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money on account of Services on board of any Ship or Veffel, shall, by the Produ&ion of any false Certificate, or by making any false Representation, obtain or endeavour to obtain from the (aid Royal Hofpital, or from any licensed Agent, the said Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, or other Allowance of Money so doe to him as aforesaid, such Perfon or Perfons shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and shall forfeit all Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money due to him on account of his said Services.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall willingly or knowingly personate, or falsely assume, or cause, procure, aid or assist any Perfon to personate or falsely assume, the Name or Chara&er of any Commiiiioned Officer, Warrant or Petty Officer, or + Seamen, dr any Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or any other Perfon entitled or supposed to be entitled to any WageB, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money, for or in respect of Services performed or supposed to have been performed on Board of any Ship or Veflel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefiors; or shall personate or falsely aifume the Name or Chara&er, or shall assist in penonating or falsely assuming the Name or Chara&er of the Wife, Widow, Executor or Adminiftrator,

Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Seaman or other Perfon, is order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money,

Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman,

Marine or other Perfon as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veflel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors; of flull falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly a& or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket,

Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Afiignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive or to enable any other Perfon to receive any Wages,' Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Perfon as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any Ship or Veflel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefiors, with intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever ; or shall utter or publish as true, or (hill aid or aifill in uttering or publiihing as true, any false, forged,

counterfeited

Falsely i ing Name and Character of others entitled to Prim Money, Ac. forging, Ac. Letters of Attorney, Ac. to receive Wages, Ac., taking false Oath to obtain Probate, Ac.

+ $fc.

966

C. 56.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Desth.

Prise Agents to iransmif Copy of verified Accounts*) Treasurer of the Nary.

Penalty.

I

counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Order, pill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Affignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, knowing tne fame to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Pnze Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or otherv Perfon, as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, with intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive or to enable any other Perfon to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Perfon as aforesaid,

Srformed or supposed to have been performed on board of any of is Majefty’a Ships or Vefleis, His Heirs or Succeffors, or fhali demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfiori Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veflels upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of such Will, or such Letters of Administration, as last aforesaid, to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath* as aforesaid, with intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, then every such Perfon or Perfons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to due Courfe of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Agent or other Perfon authorised and empowered to receive any Prize or Bounty Money or other Monies as aroresaid, shall, within Ten Days after he shall nave rendered to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital or his Deputy, and verified his Statement and Account of the Proceeds and Diftribution of any such Prize or other Monies, deliver or transmit to the Treasurer or Paymafter of His Majefty's Navy a Copy of such Statement and Account (the Charge for copying tne fame being allowed to the {aid Agent), under the like Penalty for Negleft as is by this Aft imposed for neglecting to render such Statement and Account to the Treasurer of tne said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A*)

*	ITNOW all Men by these Presents, That we

*	*	of	and	'	of

*	are	jointly	and	feverally	held and firmly hound to

*	our Sovereign Lord the King, and to the Treasurer of Greenwich 4 Hofpital for the time being, in the Sum of Five thousand Pbunds

* of

AJ),181*.

W GEO, III.

C. 56.

4 of lawful Monfy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, current in England, to be paid to oor said Sovereign Lord 4 the King, and to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpkal for the

*	time being, or either of them, or their certain Attorney, Succeffors 4 or Afsigns, for which Payment to be well and truly made we bind 4 ourselves and each of us, our and each of our Heirs, Executors

*	and Admkufbratojrs, firmly by the($ Prefenta. Sealed with our

4 Seals, dated the	'	Day of	in	the

4	Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George

*	the	by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of

4 Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the 4 Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

THE CONDITION of this above written Obligation is such, that if the above bounden	(hall duly execute his Truft

in all Matters of Prise Agency that shall be committed to his Care, and if the above bounden	his	Executors	or

Adminiftrators, do and shall in all things conform to the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of the feveralA&s now in force with refpcft to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowance of Money, as far as the said Adis relate to licensed Agents, then this Obligation to be void, or e}fe to remain in full force and virtue.

SCHEDULE (B.)

ORDER for the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances in the nature thereof.

Not revocable•

This Order is signed at	in the County of

on the	Day of	18

4 AT *^even DaP’ Sight pay to	or	his

4 Order, the Sum of	out	of	the	Amount

4 of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance 4 of Money in the nature thereof, for the Capture of 4 while I was serving on board His Majefty’s Ship or VefTel 4 the	for	Value advanced to me by the

4 faid

To the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital and Clerk of the Cheque there.

SCHEDULE (C.) CERTIFICATE.

TTHIS iy to certify, That the within Order was signed in my [or our 3 Pretence by the faid	who is known to

me [or represented to me by	of	]

to be the Perfon who was serving in auality of on board His Majefty’s Ship or Veffei the	at	the

Captures in the said Order mentioned.

Witnefs my [0* our] Hand at	in	the

County of	this	Day	of

18 .

. \ Captain, or Minifter and Churchwardens* of J the said Parifh of

368

C.56, 57.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

i

Note.—This Certificate to be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and One other Signing Officer of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If discharged from the Service, and resident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hofpital, to be signed by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hofpital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his Firlt Clerk.

If st any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office or his Affiftant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters where there is no Deputy to the Hofpital, to be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Perfon at Sick Quarters, to be signed by the Surgeon and One of his Affiftants $ but where there a Deputy, to be signed by such Deputy.

If at any other Place in England, to be signed by the Minifter and One of the Churchwardens $ and if in Scotland, by the Minifter and One of the Elders.

SCHEDULE (D.)

The following are the Particulars acknowledged by the faid

. to have been received by him, and to be the Coft-fideration for the within Order.

[HereJlate Particulars.]

.	Witnefs

CAP. LVII.

3$ G. 3. c. 89.

§53-

An A£k to alter and amend certain Laws of Excife in respect to Salt and Rock Salt.	[ad	July 1819.3

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend certain Laws of Excife, with respect to Salt and Rock Salt: And ‘ Whereas by an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of * His present Majesty, intituled An AS for transferring the Management * of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excife; and for repealing 4 the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid 9 thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and 9 Bounties thereon; it is amongst other things enacted, that in all * Cafes where any Officer or Officers of Excife is or are authorised, 9 empowered or required to afeertain the Quantity of Salt or Rock 9 Sait by Weight, no less Quantity of such Salt or Rock Salt * shall be weighed at one Draught than Two Bufhels, save and 4 except in any Cafe where the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt 9 to be delivered at any one time fhau be lelia than Two Bufhels ; 4 and every such Officer or Officers, on weighing any Salt or Rock 4 Salt, shall give the Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown, and ‘ in lieu thereof shall make an Allowance at and after the Rate of * Half a Pound Weight in every Two Bufhels of such Salt or Rock 4 Salt: And Whereas it is expedient to make such Alteration in the 9 said Law as hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, Ipy and with the Advice and

Confent

A.D. 1819.

59o GEO. III.

C. 57-

369

Confent of the Lords Spiritual* and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight No Salt or

hundred and nineteen, no Salt or Rock Salt shall be weighed by Sait **

any Officer or Officers with such Turn of the Scale as aforesaid, nor

/hall any Allowance as aforesaid be made on the weighing of any

Salt or Rock Salt; fare and except when and at the time that any

Salt or Rock Salt is delivered from the Salt Work, Pit. or Mine,

where the fame has been made or raised, or any Warehoufe belonging

thereto, and in which such Salt or Rock Salt has been depolited

without Payment of Duty; and that in every Permit which mall be Net Quantity

granted, and in every Bond which shall be given or entered into for specified in

the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt, the Net Quantity only of the

Salt or Rock Salt to be removed shall be specified; and that anv Bond’

Officer or Officers who shall at any time thereafter reweigh any fucn Salt or Rock Salt, shall weigh and take his or their Account thereof in net Bufhels and Pounds only, and without giving any such Turn of the Scale, or making any such Allowance as aforesaid; any thing in the said A&, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 II. And Whereas all Salt and Rock Salt found removed or ‘ removing without a true and lawful Permit accompanying the fame,

* or under .a false Description, are by Law forfeited and liable to be .

‘ seized ;* Be it therefore enacted, That no Salt or Rock Salt which Salt or Rock shall have been delivered free of Duty, shall be forfeited or liable to Salt delivered Seizure for or on account of any Excefs in the Weight or Quantity thereof, over and above the Weight and Quantity specified in the Excess above^ Permit granted for the Removal of and accompanying the fame, which Weight and shall or may be found by any Officer or Officers of Excife on his or Quantity spe-their reweighing or taking an account thereof, when such Excefs cified in Permit, shall appear to have been occasioned by Accident and without Fraud ; unle*B *rau * . and such Excefs shall be thereupon continued with the Bulk* of such Salt or Rock Salt, and such Excefs shall be indorsed upon the Back of the Permit accompanying such Salt, or if necefiary a new Permit shall be granted for the Removal of the whole: Provided always Eiceos of more nevertheless, that whenever any such Excefs shall be found to exceed than 5 lb. per the Quantity specified in the Permit granted for the Removal of and ^wt. c\StOVei accompanying such Salt or Rock Salt, in a greater Proportion than per Cwu at and after the Rate or Proportion of Five Pounds Weight for every fn all ojber Salt One hundred Pounds Weight of such Salt, if Stove dried Salt, or and Rock Salt, Two Pounds Weight for every One hundred Pounds Weight of all conclusive Evi-otber Salt or Rock Salt respectively mentioned in such Permit, such dence of Fraud, greater Excefs shall be deemed and taken to be express Proof and conclusive Evidence of Fraud; and all the Salt or Rock Salt itfpe&ively so found removed or removing shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

< III. And Whereas by an A & made in the Fifty seventh Year 57 G. 3. c. 49. * of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for altering 1 and amending the Laws of Excife with rcfpeft to Salt and Rock Salt,

1 it is amongst other things enacted, that if there shall be delivered 5 x9*

' * out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other VefTel used or i employed for carrying or removing Salt or Rock Salt delivered 69 Gso. III.	B	b	•	Duty

S70

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Vessels carrying Salt or Rock. Salt for Fishery, &c. Coastwise on Bond, not detained though delivering less than their Cargoes, Ac.

Officers to report Seizures.

Bond cancelled .where Deficiency does not exceed life per Cwt

57 G. 3. c. 49* §65.

C. 67.

‘ Duty free, on her Arrival at the Place of her Deilination, a lefs

* Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt than was respectively loaded on

* board thereof for any such Removal as aforeiaid, the Mailer or 4 other Perfon commanding such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other

*	Veflel shall forthwith pay to the nearefi Colleftor of Excife, the 4 full Amount of the Duty of Fifteen Shillings for eveiy Bufhel of

*	the Salt or Rock Salt respectively so deficient, and so in propor-

*	tion foe any less Quantity; and such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or

*	other Veflel shall and may be seized and detained by any Officer 4 of Ciiftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, until the fame shall be paid, and also all Expences attending

*	or occasioned by such Seizure and Detention; except in certain

*	Cafes in the said Adt in that behalf mentioned; And Whereas

*	it is expedient to make a further Exception in this respect ;* Be it therefore enacted, That no such Duty shall be demanded or paid, or any such Detention as lad aforesaid be made, for or in respect of any Salt or crushed Rock Salt so found deficient in any Quantity of Salt or crushed Rock Salt respectively, which shall have been shipped without Payment of Dnty and on Bond, to be removed and earned Coadwife tor the purpole of curing and preserving Fifh, or for making Oxymuriate Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, unless the Quantity so found deficient as aforesaid shall exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Pound Weight in or upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Salt or crushed Rock Salt respectively so shipped and removed as lad aforesaid, and for and upon such Excefs only, unless upon Proof to the Satisfa&ion of the Commissioners of Excife, that such Deficiency was occasioned by Fraud, in which Cafe such Duty as aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and such Detention shall be made for and in respect of the Whole thereof; and every Officer and Officers of Excife seizing or detaining any Salt or Rocx Salt, or any Ship or other Veffel, tor any Caufe of Forfeiture or Detention mentioned in this or any other Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to Salt or Rock Salt, shall and they are hereby required forthwith to report such Seizure or Detention, with all the Circum-flances attending the fame, to the Commissioners of Excife.

IV. And be it further enabled, That in all such Cafes as last aforesaid, in which such Deficiency shall not exceed the Rate or Proportion lad aforesaid, the Commissioners of Excife in England or Scotland respectively shall, unless they shall be satisfied that such Deficiency was occasioned by Fraud, forbear to put in suit any Bond given or entered into for the Removal of any such Sak or Crufhed Rock Salt as lad aforesaid, and order the fame to be cancelled and discharged; any thing in the said Adi made in the Fifty seventh Year aforeiaid to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

4 V. And Whereas it i9 by the said Adi, made in the Fifty seventh 4 Year aforesaid, enacted, that in case any Salt or Rock Salt removing 4 from One Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to any other Part 4 thereof^ or shipped for Exportation to Ireland, shall be loft or 4 dedroyed by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably sprung 4 by any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, during such Carnage or 4 Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and fatisfadlorily shewn to 4 the Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Difcharge, before or 4 at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, 4 it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner,' Proprietor or

«.Shipper

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.67.

371

*	Shipper of such 'Salt or Rock Salt, or Captain, Configure or

*	Agent, to make such Application, and for fucn Proceedings to be 4 had thereon, and for the Commiflioners of Excife to grant such 4 Relief, as are authorised, directed or required by the said Aft, ‘ upon and under the Terms, Conditions and Reftriftions therein

* mentioned: And Whereas it may happen that such Salt or Rock 4 Salt may be loft or destroyed by Water accidentally and unavoid. 4 ably, and by the Perils of the Sea, being received and taken

*	into the Hold of such Ship or other Veffel, during such Voyage 4 as aforesaid, without the Mafter or Commander being able to fhew

*	to such Officer as aforesaid the Leak or Leaks by which such 4 Water so entered, but the Faft of such Entrance of Water, and 4 the consequent Lofs and Deftruftion of the Salt or Rock Salt* 4 may be (hewn to such “Officer as aforesaid at the time of the 4 Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt, by the State and Condition 4 of the Salt or Rock Salt remaining in the Hold of such Ship or 4 other Veffel, and may thereby with other Evidence be satisfactorily 4 proved: And Whereas it is expedient that such Relief as is pro-4 .vided and given as aforesaid by the said Aft ftiall be granted and 4 extended to every such CafeBe it therefore further enacted. That whenever by the Perils of the Sea, and not from the Want of Seaworthinefs of the Ship or other Veffel at the time of the Loading thereof, or of reasonable or proper Care, any Salt or Rock Sak shall or may be loft or destroyed during any such Voyage as aforesaid, by Water accidentally and unavoidably, and by the Perils aforesaid, taken or received fnto the Hold of any such Ship or other Veffel; and the Mafter or Mate of such Ship or other Veffel shall at the time enter a faithful, true and regular Account in the Log Book of such Ship or other Veffel, of such Event, or of his or their Reafons for believing or apprehending the fame to have taken place ; and such Mafter or Commander and Mate, if both are living, or if both are not living, if the Survivor and One other Seaman, or if neither Mafter or Mate are living, if Two of the Seamen of and belonging to such Ship or other Veffel, shall, within Twenty four Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or other Veffel at her Port or Place of Dif-charge, and before any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt on board thereof shall be unloaded or discharged, produce such Log Book, with such Entry as aforesaid, unaltered or defaced, together with a true Copy thereof, to the Collector, Supervisor, or other proper Officer of Excife at the said Port or Place, and verify the fame and such Entry as aforesaid by and upon their Corporal Oaths iwhich Oath the Collector, Supervifor and Officers of Excife respectively, are hereby authorised to adminifter), and shall then leave such Copy as aforesaid with such Collector, Supervifor or Officer of Excife as aforesaid, and such Lofs or Deftruftion shall afterwards, from the State and Condition of such Salt or Rock Salt, on the Delivery thereof from on board such Ship or Veffel, and by other fatis-faftory Evidence, be proved to have taken place from such Caufe as albresaid, then and in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or

. Rock Suit, or Captain, Confignce or Agent as aforesaid, to make filch Application, and for such Proceedings to be had thereon, and for such Commissioners, if satisfied with such Proofs as aforesaid, to grant the like Relief, as are mentioned, authorised, directed or

Bb 2	required

Relief for Salt or Rock Salt lost by Leak of any Vessel extended to Loess* by any acd* dental Entrance of Water.

How such accident to be verified to Commissioners,

C. 57.

59® GEO. 111.

A.D. 1819

57 O. 3. c. 49-$ 66. repealed.

Refusal of Commissioners to grant Relief upon Certifl* cate to be stated in Writing, with their Reasons for such Refusal; and Party may appesd to Quarter Sessions against such Refusal.

Decision of Commissioners communicated to Party in Writing.

Party may make further Proof.

required in and by the said Aft, as if such Salt or Rock Salt had been loft; or destroyed by a Leak or Leaks satisfactorily (hewn to the Officer of Excife in the manner mentioned and required by the said Aft.

4 VI. And Whereas by the said Aft, made in the Fifty feventh

*	Year aforesaid, if the Commissioners of Excife shall be diflatisfied

*	with any such Examination or Certificate as are in the said Aft 4 mentioned, touching or relating to any Lofs of Salt or Rock Salt 4 as therein mentioned, they are hereby authorised and required,' 4 within Fourteen Days, to signify the fame to the Party or Parties 4 making the Application on which such Examination has been taken,' 4 and give to such Party or Parties a Notice of Appeal to the 4 Justices of the said County, or of the County from which such Salt 4 or Rock Salt shall have been shipped, at the Quarter Seffions of 4 the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County next 4 after such Certificate shall have been received by them as afore-4 said: And Whereas such Appeal is unnecessary, inconvenient 4 and expenfiveBe it therefore cnafted. That so much of the said Aft as authorises or requires such Appeal by the said Commissioners, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that if such Commissioners respectively shall, on the Receipt of any such Certificate as aforesaid, refuse to grant such Relief as is provided by the' said Aft, by allowing to the Maker or Proprietor of the Salt or Rock Salt therein mentioned, out of the Duties on Salt which shall next become due and payable from such Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for such Salt or Rock Salt as shall, in the Examinations thereby certified, be mentioned to have been loft or destroyed, or by cancelling or vacating the Bond given for the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt, as the case may happen to be, then and in every such Cafe refpec-tively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties who shall have made such Application, or for the Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt, within Fourteen Days next after such Refufal shall have been communicated in Writing to him or them, together with Grounds and Reafons for such Refufal, to give notice of Appeal, and to appeal against such Refufal, to the Justices at the next Quarter Seffions after the Expiration of such Fourteen Days, to be holden in and for the County nearest to which the Lofs shall have happened, or to the Place where such Salt or Rock Salt shall have been shipped, or shall have been respectively difehirged, at the Option of such Party or Parties, Proprietor or Shipper as aforesaid ; and for such Proceedings to be had thereon, and in like manner, as if such Certificate had been that the Fafts required by the Aft to be proved upon Oath had not been proved; and also, that every Decifion by the said Commissioners upon any such Certificate shall be communicated to the Party or Parties making the Application in Writing, and with all due Diligence and Di(patch after the Receipt by such Commissioners of such Certificate, and that the Grounds and Reafons of their Refufal to grant Relief thereon as aforesaid shall be dated and communicated in Writing therewith ; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties making such Application as aforesaid to make, in like manner as is mentioned in the laid Aft, further Proof in support thereof, in answer to or Satisfaftion t>f the Objeftions made by such Commissioners to

the

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. Ill*

C. 57.

373

the granting of such Relief as aforesaid: Provided always, that no

further Proof shall be made as aforesaid, or received by such Com-

miflioners respectively, after the Expiration of Twenty eight Days	•

horn the time of such Refufal of the said Commissioners refpedively

being communicated as aforefaid*

VII- And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes mentioned in Officers of the said Alt or in this Ad, where Salt or Rock Salt exported from Customs in Great Britain to and delivered at any Port or Place in Ireland, Ireland sub* shall be taken account of at such Port or Place by the Officer of Cuftoms there, and not by any Officer of Excife, the Oath and cise in respect*" Oaths directed by this Ad, or by any other Ad of Parliament, to to Salt or Rock be made touching or relating to the Conveyance, Lofs or Delivery, Salt exported of Salt or Rock Salt, shall be made before such Officer or Officers from Great of the Cuftoms (which Oath and Oaths respectively he and they are. hereby respectively authorised to adminifter); and such Officer and Are Officers of the Cuftoms respectively in Ireland shall weigh and take account of such Salt and Rock Salt, and shall and are hereby required to exercise and perform all the Powers, Authorities and Duties touching or relating to the Conveyance, Lofs or Delivery, of such Salt or Rock Salt, as are directed, imposed, given or granted by the said Ads or this Ad to any Officer or Officers of Excife in Great Britain in respect of Salt or Rock Salt removed Coaftwife.

4 VIII. And Whereas all Fi(h Curers, before they are allowed or 38 G.3. c.89.

4 permitted to receive into their Cuftody or PofTeffion any Salt or § 94.

4 Rock Salt Duty free, for the purpose of curing or preserving Fi(h,

4 are bound by Law to give Bond or Security, to be approved of by 4 the Commissioners of Excife, or the Perfbn or Perfona appointed by 4 them for the due Application of and accounting for all such Salt:

4 And Whereas it is usual for Fi(h Curers to enter into such Bonds 4 as aforesaid, together with Two other Perfons as their Sureties;

4 and it is deemed expedient to make other Regulations in the* Cafe 4 of Fi(h Curers receiving small Quantities only of such Salt or 4 Rock Salt ;* Be it therdore enacted, That every Fi(h Curer who Fish Curers shall give notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife of the giving Notice Diviiion or Diftrid in which the Warehoufe dr Storehoufe by him Officer of or her intended to be made use of for the keeping of Duty free Salt or Rock Salt shall be lituate, of his or her Intention to receive in any t|lan pokir One Year, ending on the First Day of May, no more than Four Bufhels Bushels of ’ of Salt or Rock Salt Duty free, for the purpose of curing and Salt or Rock preserving Fi(h, shall be allowed and permitted, upon giving Bond Sa,t» aN°we<I with Condition as by Law is in that behalf required, but without Sureties, and in the Penalty of only Ten Pounds, to receive into his or her Cuftody and Pofleffion, Duty free, for the purpose of curing aod preserving Fifh, any Quantity or Quantities of Salt or Rock Salt not exceeding Four Buihels in the whole in any One Year, ending on the First Day of Mayf under and subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Keftridions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any other Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers is or are by Law subject or liable: Provided always, that if any Fifh Such Fish Curer who shall have given such Notice of his or her Intention to Curers may receive in any One Year as aforesaid, no more than Four Bufhels of Salt or Rock Salt as last aforesaid,. and such Bond as aforesaid, gajt shall afterwards be desirous of receiving iii the fame Year any further ginng the

Bb 3	Quantity	usual Bond.

to receive it Duty-rtee*

974

C. 57.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

.18 G. 3. c. 89. §105,

Sureties of Fish Curers shall not be liable under their Bonds to more than the Amount of Duties and Costs, unless privy to tho Fraud by which the Bond is forfeited.

Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, he or (he shall be allowed, and at liberty so to do, on first duly accounting with the proper Officer for so much of such Four Buffiels of Salt or Rock Salt as he or (he shall have already received as aforesaid, and upon giving Bond as by Law is required in that behalf from other Filh Curers who have not given any such Notice as aforesaid.

* IX. And Whereas,if on weighing, taking account of and balanc-1 ing the Stock of Salt in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any entered

*	Filh Curer or Filh Curers in the Month of May, there shall appear € to be any Salt deficient in Quantity, which such Fifh Curer or ‘ Fifh Curers shall have received or had in his, her or their Cuftody 4 or Poffeffion free of Duty in the Year last preceding, making an ‘ Allowance for the whole Quantity of Salt which such ri(h Curer or ‘ Filh Curers shall have legally and truly delivered into the Cuftody 4 or Poffeffion of any other Filh Curers in the Courfe of such laft

*	preceding Year, and also making an Allowance at and after the ‘ Rates and Proportions by Law granted for the Salt employed 4 and con fumed by such Filh Curer and Filh Curers, in such last 4 preceding Year, in curing and preserving the Filh cured, preserved 4 and produced within such Year to the proper Officer, then and in 4 such Cafe all the Salt so deficient is deemed and taken to be Salt 4 illegally disposed of, or misapplied by such Fifh Curer or Filh 1 Curers ; and such Fi(h Curer and Fifh Curers, for every Bulhel of

*	Salt so found deficient as aforesaid, forfeits and loses the Sum of 4 Seventeen Shillings: And Whereas the Penalty of the Bond

*	entered into and given by every Fifh Curer, before he, (he or 4 they shall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her or their 4 Cullody and Pofsession, any Salt or Rock Salt free of Duty, for 4 the purpose of curing and preserving Fi(h, may become forfeited 4 by the Sale or Mifapplication of any Part of such Salt or Rock 4 Salt, or by any other Breach of the Condition of the said Bond, to 4 the great Prejudice of the Sureties of such Filh Curer or Filh 4 Curers, who will thereupon become liable to a Penalty exceeding

*	the immediate Injury which His Majesty may have luftained by

*	fuch OffenceBe it therefore cna&ed. That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Perfon or Perfons being the Surety or Sureties of or in the Bond given by any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforesaid, shall pay, under the Penalty of any such Bond so forfeited as aforesaid, any greater Sum than what would have been the Amount of the Duties upon the Salt or Rock Salt so found deficient, or fold, delivered or misapplied as aforesaid, if such Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt had been legally taken out of any Warehoufe for Home Confumption upon Payment of Dutyi together with the Cods and Expcnces incurred or paid by His Majesty for and in the Rccovenr thereof, and that upon Payment thereof, all Proceedings on any such Bond againlt any such Surety or Sureties as aforesaid (nail ceale : Provided always, that if it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excife, that any such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid shall have been a Party or Privy, Parties or Privies to any such Deficiency, Sale, Delivery or Mifapplication of any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid, he, (he and they shall be subject and liable to pay the whole Penalty of any such Bond so forfeited as aforesaid ; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of His Majefty’a

Attorney

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

C 57-

S75

Attorney General, to Cue for and recover the fame to and for His Maiefty’s Ufe.

A. And be it further ena&edy That from and after the said Fifth Bond on Re-Day of July, no Bond given or entered into for the Exportation or for the Removal of Salt or Rock Salt, shall be put in suit or pro- Put“,urt-fecuted for any Forfeiture of the Penalty thereof, unless Notice (nail, Notice, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, be given by the Commillioners or some Officer of Excife to the Obligors or some Obligor of and in such Bond, of the Default in the Performance of the Conditions thereof.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no Bond given or entered So as to Bond into by any Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers shall be put in suit or pro- entered into by fecuted for any Forfeiture of the Penalty thereof, unless Notice Curer*. shall, within Twelve Months from the Expiration of the time for performing the Condition thereof, be given by the Commissioners or

fome Officer of Excife to such Fiffi Curer or Fifh Curers, of his, her or their Default in the Performance thereof.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in all Bonds given, entered Bond limited into or required under any Law or Laws of Excife, for securing to Penalties* the Duties upon Salt or Rock Salt for the Exportation or Removed herein men-of Salt or Rock Salt, or the due Delivery, Employment or Appli- t*on*k cation thereof, the Penalty of every such Bond shall be a Sum not

lefs than One hundred Pounds added to the Amount of the. Duties now payable upon Salt made in England and taken out for Home Confumption, calculated on the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in the Condition of such Bond, if such Duties do not ex* ceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, nor more than Double the Amount of such Duties on such Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, where such Duties exceed One hundred rounds, and are less than One thousand Pounds; and that in all Cafes where such Duties so calculated are One thousand Pounds or upwards, the Penalty of such Bond shall be a Sum equal to the Amount of such Duties calculated as aforesaid, and of One thousand Pounds, together with Twenty five Pounds per Centum on such Duties ; any thing in this or any other A€t br A&s of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. ^

* XIII. And Whereas it was provided by the said Att, made in j

*	the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, that no crushed Rock Salt, or 4 crufiied, fused or solid Salt, or coloured or dyed Salt, delivered

•	Duty free for the Ufe of the Filheries, {hould, after the Month of 4 April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be removed in 4 any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veflel, or in any Waggon, Cart or 4 otner Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Defcnption, or un-4 crushed Roclt Salt, should be put or laid; and that no crushed 4 Rock Salt, crushed, fused or solid Salt, or coloured or dyed Salt,

4 should be delivered to any Filh Curer after the Month of April 4 One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, who should not make 4 Entry to use coloured or dyed Salt, and crushed, fused or solid 4 Salt, and crushed Rock Salt only, for curing and prefervingFifh,

4 or should after the time last aforesaid have any Duty free White 4 Salt in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion for that Purpose;

4 and that no Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who should at any time after 4 the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

4 receive, have or take into his, her or their Cuftody or PofTeffion 4 any White Salt delivered D ' r * for curing or prelerying Fifh, or

any

37 6

C.67.

59° GEO. III.	A.D.18I

Extended to April 1821.

Proviso as to Fish Curers accounting for dyed, &c. Salt received in the preceding Year.

38 G. 3. c, 89. 5 9» «>•

39 G. 3. c. 65. $9-

4 any other £erfon or Perfons, not making Entry and giving Bond

*	as thereinbefore mentioned, or not being a Fifh Curer or Fifh 4 Carers, and making Entry and giving Bond as thereinafter men-

*	doned for any such Warehoufe thereinbefore mentioned; or not 4 being a Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and making Entry and giving^

*	Bond as thereinafter mentioned, for the Receipt and Ufe oT 4 coloured or dyed Salt, or crushed, fused or solid Salt, or crushed 4 Rock Salt, for curing and preferring Fifh 5 or not being a Glafs 4 Maker, or Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate 4 of Lime, should have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuflody 4 or PofTeilion any British coloured or dyed Salt, or any crushed,

4 fused or solid Salt, or any crushed Rock Salt (not being delivered 4 and shipped for and in the Courfe of Exportation) under the 4 Penalty and Forfeiture therein mentioned: And Whereas for the 4 purpole of affording an Opportunity of making further Trial of 4 the Ufe of crushed Rock Salt in the Cure of Fifh, it is expedient 4 to extend the respective Dates and Times aforesaid, at which the 4 respective Provifions hereinbefore recited shall commence and take 4 effect, from the Month of April aforesaid, to the Month of April 4 One thousand eight hundred and twenty one Be it therefore enacted, That the several Provifions hereinbefore recited, shall not nor shall any of them commence or take efsect, until from and after the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, any thing in the said Adi to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that in the Months of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and One thousand eight hundred and twenty one respectively, all and every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, who shall have in the Year and before the Month of April preceding, received or used both coloured or dyed, or crushed, fused or Rock Salt, and also White Salt, shall account for all dyed or coloured Salt, and all crushed, fused or Rock Salt, received in the preceding Year, under the fame Rules, Reflridlions, Regulations and Allowances as arc provided by Law with respect to White Salt delivered Duty free for the Fifheries.

4 XIV. And Whereas by an Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majessy, for transferring the Manage-4 ment of the Salt Duties to the Commiflioners of Excife, if any 4 Foreign Salt or other Salt imported into Great Britain, shall not 4 be entered and landed, and the Duty payable thereon be fully 4 paid within Twenty Days after such Report, as is therein directed, 4 has or ought to have been made, all such Salt shall be forfeited; 4 provided that any such Foreign Salt duly imported may, upon due 4 Entry thereof, be forthwith, and before Payment of the Duty, 4 landed, weighed and put into such Warehouse, Storehoufe or 4 Celiar, and under such Bond or Security for Payment of the 4 Duties as is and are in that behalf therein directed : And Whereas 4 by an Adi made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majessy, for, amongst other things, amending the said A61 4 made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, any Perfon within Twelve 4 Months after the Importation and landing of any such Foreign 4 Salt, may take free of Duty, for the purpose of immediately 4 exporting the fame in any Ship or Veflel, not of less Burthen than 4 Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fifh, Ling or Hake, 4 to be there caught, any Quantity' exceeding Fifty Bufhels at a time,

4 of

A. D. 1819,

59* GEO. IIL

S77

C. 57.

* of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Store-4 house or Celiar, at either of the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, FaU 4 mouth or Glafgowy into which the fame has been put, according to 4 the Regulations of the said A A made ig the Thirty eighth Year 4 afore said, upon such Perfon or Perfons first giving such Bond or 4 Security as by the said A A made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid 4 is in that behalf directed; and by another Aft made in the Fiftieth 50 G. 3. c. 6c.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the like Permiflion is § *•

4 granted in respect to Foreign Salt lodged in any Import Warehouse,

4 Storehoufe or Celiar, at the Port of Brtjtol 5 and by the said Aft 4 made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, the like Permiflion is 57 G. 3. c. 49.

4 granted in respect to Foreign Salt lodged in any Import Ware-

4 house, Storehoufe or Celiar, at Plymouth: And Whereas it would

4 be convenient to permit any Cargo of such Foreign Salt as may be

4 duly brought or imported as aforesaid into any of the aforefaid

4 Ports, to be within such Twenty Days as aforesaid tranfhipped in

4 any of such Ports from the Ship or Veflel in which the fame may

4 be so imported, into any other iuch Ship or Veflel as aforesaid, as

4 may then be lying in such Port, ready and about to fail and depart

4 for Newfoundland, for the purpose of curing Cod Fifh, Ling or

4 Hake, to be there caught, without the fame being first landed and

4 warehoused in such Port ;* Be it therefore enacted. That from and foreign Salt

after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, by and mentioned, may

with the Confent and Approbation of the Commiflioners of Excife, be there tran-

and in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, to weigh, deliver shipped for

and tranfhip within such Twenty Days as aforesaid, in any of the Newfoundland

aforesaid Ports, any Cargo of Foreign Salt, from and out of the Ship

or Veflel in which the fame shall or may have been duly imported into warehoused.

such Port, into any other Ship or Ships, or Veflel or Vefiels, not

being of less Burthen than Forty Tons, then lying in such Port ready

and about to fail <	‘	thence	for Newfoundland, for the

purpole of curing	or	Hake,	to be there caught, on

such Perfon or Perfons first giving such Bond or Security as is in that behalf directed by the said Aft, made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, and without such Salt being first landed and warehoused in such Port 5 any thing in the said recited Afts or any of them to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: Provided always, that if Time of sailing any Ship or Veflel into which any Salt shall be so tranfhipped as limited, aforesaid, shall not proceed upon her Voyage within Twenty Days after such Tranftiipment, Wind and Weather permitting, all such Salt ihall be un(hipped and warehoused under the Provifions of the aforesaid Aft of tne Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, and on default thereof shall be forfeited, and shall and%may be (eized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

4 XV. And Whereas by the said Aft made in the Fifty seventh 57 G. 3. c. 49.

4 Year aforesaid, it was amongst other things enacted, that it shall S *2'

4 and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners 4 of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt under such Licence and Permiflion 4 as is therein mentioned, to provide or erect One or more Export 4 Warehoufe or Warehoufe^ at or within the Port of London, or 4 Hull, Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, for the purpose of laying,

4 (taring or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free, and intended'

4 for Exportation under the Regulations and upon the Conditions

4 therein

G. 57.

59° GEO, III.

A.D. 1819*



Warehouses to be provided at Dartmouth for storing Salt for Exportation.

Proceedings thereon as in respect of Warehouses at London, Hull, &c.

How Salt shall be carried Coastwise to such Export Warehouse.

Permits to be delivered to Officer.

Salt mentioned in such Permits to be duly entered as Part of Stock.

< therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to extend such ‘ Provifion to the Port of Dartmouth ;* Be^it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this A61 it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, having the Licence and Permiflion in that behalf of the Commiilioners of Excife or the major Part of them for the time being, to prbvide or erect One or more Export WarehQufe or Warehouses at or within the Port of Dartmouth for the purpose of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free and intended for Exportation, such Perfon and Perfbns giving the like Security, and being subject to all and fmgular the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Rleftri&ions, Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties by the said A& prescribed, directed, contained or imposed with refjpe& to such Warehoufe or Warehoufes at London, or Hull> Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, or to the Perfon or Perfons providing, erecting or using the lame.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That when any Salt or Rock Salt delivered Duty free for the purpose of being carried Coaftwife to and stored or kept in any of such Export Warehoufes provided at Dartmouth as aforesaid, for the purpose of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free for Exportation, shall be so carried or conveyed in or on board of any Ship or Veflel from any Port or Place in Great Britain to Dartmouth aforesaid, for the purpose of being so warehoused, and shall arrive within the Port of Dartmouth aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Perfon or Perfons to tranfhip the fame therein for the fame Purposes, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures provided and imposed by this A&, for or in respect of the Tranfhipment of Foreign Salt directly from the said Ship or Veflel in which the fame shall have been so removed without first landing or warehoufing the fame : Provided always, that the Permit or Permits accompanying the whole of such Salt of Rock Salt shall be first duly deliveredvto the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf; and that the Mafter or Commander of the said Ship or Veflel shall first make oath, as by Law is required, on the Removal Coaftwife of Duty free Salt} and that all such Salt or Rock Salt shall be first duly weighed on board the said Ship or Veflel, and delivered into the Ship or Veflel, Ships or Vefleis, into which the fame is or shall be so transhipped, by and in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in that behalf: And provided also, that the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt mentioned and expressed in such Permit or Permits, and so removed Coaftwife in such Ship or Veflel, shall be duly entered as Part of the ' Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be so permitted into his or their Cuftody and PofTeffion, and shall be accounted for and accompanied with such Permit or Certificate, Permits or Certificates, as is or are required by Law on the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt from any such Export Warehoufe ; and that such Entries shall be made in respect thereof by such Perfon or Perfons as are by Law directed and required to be made in case the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt expressed and mentioned in the Permit or Permits, Certificate or Certificates, accompanying the fame had been actually landed and received into the entered Warehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was first sent, consigned and permitted, and the Salt or Rock Salt tranfhipped

A.D.J819.

59• GEO. III.

C. 57.

379

ai aforesaid had been afterwards received into and as Part of his or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt in such Export Warehoufe as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Salt or Rock Salt shall be delivered Duty free, for the purpose of curing and preferring Fiih, and shall be carried or conveyed in or on board of any Ship or Veffel, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to another, and shall arrive at the Port or Place where the entered Prevnifea of the Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers to whom the fame shall be Cent and permitted, shall be situated, it shall and may be lawful for the said Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers to fend, transfer and deliver any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt, to any other known and entered Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers direAly from the said Ship or Veffel, without first landing or warehouting the fame : Provided always, that the Permit accompanying the whole of the said Salt or Rock Salt be first duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf, and that the Mailer of the Veffel do first make oath as by Law is in that behalf required, and that all such Salt or Rock Salt (as well such Part thereof as shall be intended to be taken into the entered Premifes of the said Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom he shall be so permitted, as such Part as shall be intended to be sent, transferred or delivered to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid), shall be first duly weighed on board the said Ship or Veffel, by and to the Satisfa&ion of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in that behalf; and provided also, that the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt shall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers to whom the fame shall be so permitted, into his, her or their Cuftody and Pofsession, and that all such Salt or Rock Salt as shall be so sent, transferred or delivered as aforesaid, to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, shall be accounted for and shall be accompanied with such Certificate and Certificates, and that such refpe^five Entries shall be made in respect thereof (as well by the said Fim Curer or Fifh Curers to whom such Salt or Rock Salt shall be permitted, as by the Fifh Curer or FHh Curers to whom the fame shall be so sent and delivered), as are by Law dire6led and required to be made, in case the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively had been actually landed and received into the entered Warehouse, Cellar or Storehoufe of the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom it was first sent and permitted, and received from him, her or them, and from his, her or their Stock of Duty free Salt, by the said other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom the fame shall be so transferred or delivered.

XVIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fifh Curer or Fi(h Curers to ship from his, her or their entered Cellar or Storehouse, any Quantity of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt delivered l)uty free, for curing or preferring Fifh, and to fend the fame to Sea, to be employed in and on board of any Ship, Boat or other Veffel for that Purpose, provided that he, (he or they shall give previous Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife j and that such Salt so shipped for the Purpofe aforesaid, be accompanied with a Certificate from such Fifh Curer or Fiflt Curers, and countersigned by the proper Officer of Exdfe, containing and certifying therein that such Salt or Rock Salt has been taken from his, her or their entered Cellar or Storehoufe for that Purpose, and the Fifhcry where the fame is intended to be ufed

Fish Curers allowed to send Salt or Rock Salt to other entered Fish Curers.

Permit delivered.

Oath by Master.

Such Salt, && entered as Part of Stock, and deemed to have been received into Stock of Fish Curer to whom first permitted, and to be certified and kept account of as such.

Fish Caters to beat liberty to ship Part of their Stock of Salt for the Cure of Fish at Sea, under certain Condition*.

C. 57.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Fish cured at Sea from Part of a Fish Curer’s Stock of Duty free Salt, may be brought into another Port for Sale, and Fish Curer shall have Credit for it in Stock, under certain Regulations.

Fish Curer to produce and leave Certificate with Officer.

Endorsement to agree with Certificate.

as aforesaid ; and provided that no such {hipping or Employment as aforesaid shall in any respect alter, lessen or affea the Account to be rendered by every such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, in the Month of May in every Year, according to the Terms and Conditions of his, her or their Bond, and as required by Law, before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any thing in this or any other A & or A6U of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XlA. And be it further enacted, That if any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall bring or cause to be brought any Fifh cured as aforesaid at Sea, into any Port or Place for Sale, not being the Port or Place at which he, she or they is or are an entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, the proper Officer of Excife at the Port or Place to which such cured Fifh shall be so brought as aforesaid shall, upon receiving Twenty four Hours’ Notice thereof in Writing from such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, Confignee or Confignees, attend and take an account of such Fifh on board of the Ship or VefTel in which the fame shall arrive ; and if satisfied that the fame are well and perfectly cured, shall then and there brand the Calks in which they are cured and paeked, or mark such Fifh in the fame manner as is required by Law with respect to such Fifh when cured, upon the entered Premifes of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and shall examine the Certificate aforesaid for the Salt or Rock Salt shipped on board such VefTel for the Purpofe aforesaid, and indorse thereon the Date of such his branding, and the Quantity and Kind of Fifh so by him found cured, and so then branded or marked .as aforesaid, and the estimated Quantity of such Salt or Rock Salt then remaining on board of such Ship or VefTel, and shall thereupon transmit a Certificate thereof to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers entered Premifes and Stock of Duty free Fifhery Salt shall then be, and such Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers shall be entitled to Credit in his Account for such cured Fifh, in the fame manner as if such Fifh had been cured in and upon his and their entered Premises, and had been there produced to and branded or marked by the proper Officer surveying such Premises, as by Law is required in that behalf: Provided always, that no such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall be entitled to any Credit in his, her or their Account for any such Fifh as aforesaid, unless he or they shall first produce to and leave with such Surveying Officer the Certificate aforesaid granted, when the Salt or Rock Salt employed in the Cure of such Fifh was shipped for that Purpofe as aforesaid, and endorsed as aforesaid, or unless such Endorfement, when so produced and left, shall agree in Date, Quantity and Quality of Fifh with the Certificate of the Account thereof taken, and the branding or marking thereof transmitted by the Officer at the Port or Place where such Fifh were so branded or marked, to the Surveying Officer aforesaid, nor unless such Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers shall have entered the Sale of such Fifh in his Account of Sales, and specified therein the Dates and Particulars of such Sales, in the fame manner as if such Fifh had been fold and delivered from his, her or their entered Premifes.

*	‘ XX. And Whereas, if any Fifh entered or shipped for Export-

*	ation, for the Purpofe or to the Intent to obtain any Bounty by 1 Law granted, shall be unshipped, unloaded or laid on Land, or

*	put into any other Ship or VefTel ii* Great Britain; all the Fiflv

2	*	*	which

A.D. 1819*

59° GEO. III.'

C. 57*

sai

*	w^ch /hall be so unshipped, unladen or laid on Land, or put into

*	any other Ship or Veflel in Great Britain, or the Value thereof, 4 /hall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, ‘ and also the Ship or Veflel from or out of which, and the Ship or 1 Veflel into which such Fifh shall be takten or put, and the Ume 4 respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms 1 or Excife : And Whereas the Exporters of such Fifh are by Law

*	required to give Bond and Security, that all and every Part of such 1 Fifh shall be duly exported to pass beyond the Seas, and shall not be 4 unshipped or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or 4 Veflel in Great Britain : And Whereas it is expedient to relax the 4 above Regulations in certain Cases, where Herrings or other Fifh 4 duly paeked, exported and sent for Sale to any particular Port or 4 Place beyond the Seas, shall be returned and brought back from 4 thence for want of Purchafers at that Port or Place Be it therefore enacted. That neither shall the said Forfeiture extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Herrings or other Fifh which shall have been duly exported and sent for Sale to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, and shall be returned or brought back direct from that Port or Place to Great Britain, for want of Purchafers at that Port or Place, nor to the Ship or Veflel in which the fame shall be so reimported and brought back; nor shall any such Bond or Secu* rity, as hereinbefore in that behalf mentioned, becofne forfeited by or by ieafon of any such Reimportation of the said Herrings or other Fifh, or such landing of the fame ; nor shall the Curer of such Herrings or other Fifh thereupon lose Credit for the Salt or Rock Salt employed and allowed for the repacking of such Herrings or other Fifh for Exportation to such Port or Place aforesaid ; provided the Mailer or Perfon having the Command of the said lau mentioned Ship or Veflel, on the Arrival of the said lask mentioned Ship or Veflel, and before the unihipping or relanding of any of the said returned Herrings or other Fim, give a Notice in Writing signed by him, to the Chief Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Great Britain at which the said lafl mentioned Ship or Veflel shall arrive, specifying the exact and true Quantity of such returned Herrings or other Fim, the Name of the Veflel in which returned and reimported, sod of the Place from whence the fame have been so Returned and reimported, die Christian and Surnames of the Perfon or Perfons by whom the fame were entered for Exportation, the Name of the Ship or Veflel in which they were exported, the Month and Year when exported, and the Port from whence, and the Place to which the fame were exported : Provided also, that all such returned Herrings or other Fifh shall, before the fame or any Part thereof shall be delivered or put out of the Ship or Veflel in which the fame shall be returned and reimported as aforesaid, or be relanded in Great Britain, be duly taken an account of, and examined by the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf; and that the Barrels or Calks containing the fame shall be first duly branded and marked by such Officer with the Letter R, to denote that the fame have been returned from Exportation ; and provided also, that the fame are re-exported to some other Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, without any further Bounty being claimed, paid or allowed thereon, 4and shall .not be fold, delivered, unpacked or opened for Home Confumption.

« XXI. And

Herrings returned from any Place for want _ of Sale, may bd reimported and landed for Reexportation, ou' certain Conditions.

Master to give Notice to Officer of Quantity of returned Herrings, &c.

C. 57.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

*7 G. j. e. 4j.

5 4 9-

$53-

Selling, for Home Consumption, Herrings or Pilchards branded for Exportation, and repacking Fish shipped for Exportation to a different Place than that for which they are branded.

Penalty.

On Failure of Market, Herrings or Pilchards repacked and branded for Exportation to One Place* may be rebranded and exported to another.

* XXI. And Whereat by the laid A&, made in the Fifty feventh

*	Year aforesaid, the proper Officer of Excife is required to brand

*	on all Calks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards* declared 4 by the Fifti Curer or Filh Curers to be repacked for Exportation

*	to the East or JVefl Indies, South America, Madeira or the Mediter-

*	ranean, the Letter W; and on all Calks or Barrels of White ‘ Herrings or Pilchards so declared to be repacked for Exportation

*	as aforesaid to the Baltic the Letter B ; and the Fifti Curer or Fifti 4 Curers producing the fame, is and are required forthwith to remove

*	all and every such Barrels or Calks, or Barrel or Caik, and at all

*	times keep /the fame wholly separate and apart from all other Fi(h 4 not so branded ; and the Calks under each particular Mark, separate 4 and apart from all Calks branded with a different Mark, under the 4 Penalty of Fifty Pounds and the Forfeiture of all such Fisti; 4 and the like Penalty and Forfeiture thereby imposed for any

*	Calks or Barrels marked or branded with the Letter W, being 4 found in the. Cuftody or Po Hellion of any Perfon or Perfons open 4 for Home Confumption: And Whereas every Calk of Salmon 4 cured and packed or repacked for Exportation, is by the said Ad 4 required to be branded with the Letters R S ;* Be it further enacted, That if any Fifti Curer or Fifti Curers, or other Perfou or Perfons, shall fell or deliver any Calk or Barrel of White Herrings, or Pilchards branded with the Letter W, or with the Letter fi, respectively, or any Calk of Salmon branded with the Letters R S, for Home Confumption, or without communicating or making known to the Purchafer thereof respectively, that every such Calk or Baird of White Herrings, or Pilchards, or Salmon respectively, has been packed or repacked for Exportation only according to the branding thereof as aforesaid ; or if any such Caik or Barrel of White Herrings or Pilchards, or Salmon, so respectively branded, shall be found in tne Cuftody or Pofieflion of any Perfon or Perfons open for the Sale or . Delivery of any Herrings 6r Pilchards, or Salmon, which are or were packed or contained therein for Home Confumption, or shall be ftiipped for Exportation to any other Place than according to the branding thereof as aforesaid, every such Calk or Barrel, together with the Herrings, Pilchards or Salmon therein, or which had been therein packed or contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Fifti Curer and Fifti Curers repacking such Herrings, Pilchards or Salmon, shall, over and above the Lofs of all Credit for the Salt or Rock Salt used or employed in the repacking thereof, and Perfon and Perfons so offending as aforesaid, or in whose Pofleffion such Fiih is or shall be found as aforesaid, shall refpe&ivcly forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fifti Curer who shall have repacked any White Herrings or Pilchards for Exportation to any such Place or Places as aforesaid, the Calks whereof-are branded respectively a aforesaid, but which cannot be exported to the Places refpe&ivdy for which such Herrings or Pilchards were repacked and branded respectively as aforesaid, by reason of a Failure of the Market lor fuen Herrings or Pilchards at such Place or • Places, after such Herrings or Pilchards were fo^repacked and branded respectively as

aforefaid

C. 57.

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

583

aforesaid to be exported thereto (due Proof of such Herrings and Pilchards having been £6 repacked and branded with the exprefB and a&oal Intention of such Fi(h Curer at the time such Herrings or Pilchards were so repaeked,) to export the fame to such Place or Places, and of his or her being unexpectedly and unavoidably prevented from making such intended Exportation by reason of such Failure of Market as aforesaid, being made upon the Oath of such Fifh Curer, which Oath the CoUe&or and Officers of Excife are hereby empowered to administer, or otherwise, to the Satisfa&ion of the Commissioners of Excife of England or Scotland respectively, (as the case may be,) to give the proper Officer Notice thereof in Writing, and with the rermiffion of such Commissioners of Excife respectively as aforesaid, to produce such Caiks to the proper Officer of Excife, to efface and obliterate the former Brand Mark of W or B respectively, and to rebrand such Calks respectively with the Letter R, and to export such Calks of Herrings or Pilchards respectively to any other Place beyond the Seas, without incurring any Penalty for not exporting the fame to the Place or Places for which such Calks were originally branded, and without loling the Credit to which he or (he was entitled for the Salt employed in repacking such Herrings or Pilchards respectively for Exportation, to the Place or Places for which they were repacked and so first branded as aforesaid.

.4 XXIII. And Whereas by an A& made in the Forty first Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, amongst. other things, 4 allowing until the Fifteenth Day of OBober One thousand eight 4 hundred and one, the Ufe of Salt Duty free, in the preserving of 4 Fifh in Bulk or in Barrels; and which A& was by another A&,

4 made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 revived and continued until the Fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and twenty one, any Perfon or Perfons whatever who 4 shall catch or take, or purchase, cure or preserve any Herrings, 4 Pilchards, Mackarel or any Kind or Species of wholesome Filh, ‘ or who shall fit out any Veffel for such Purpose, is authorised to 4 take and Ihip on board his or their Veffel, from his or their own 4 Stock of Salt, or from the Stock of Salt of any other Filh Curer

*	of whom such Perfon or Perfons shall purchase, or with whom 4 he or they shall contract for Salt, any Quantity of Salt Duty 4 free, that shall be deemed necessary for curing or preserving 4 the Filh which may be expected to be taken or purchased in the 4 Trip or Voyage in or upon which he or they shall intend to 4 immediately dilpatch or employ his or their Veffel, provided that na 4 Perfon shall be allowed to Ihip or have on board any Veffel at any 4 time, any greater Quantity of Salt than in the Proportion of Ten 4 Bufhels for* every Ton Burthen by Admeafurement of the Veffel, 4 in or on board of which such Salt shall be taken or Ihipped: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to make the said 'A& perpetual, except 4 so far as the fame is altered by Provifions and Regulations in 4 respect thereofBe it therefore enacted, That the said A& of the Forty first Year aforesaid shall be, and . the fame is hereby made perpetual, except so far as the fame is hereby altered ; and it shall not be lawful for any such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, to Ihip any Salt Duty free, to be employed for the Purpofes mentioned in the laid A& made in the Forty first Year aforesaid, until he, lhe or 'they shall have made such Enpry in Writing, as by the said A & is required

Oath by Fish Curer.

Casks re* branded.

$r<

4* G.j. Sess. r. c. 21. perpetual.

Before Salt is shipped Duty free, Entry to be made, and Bond entered into to perform

C. 57.

S9° GEO. IIL

A.D.18I9. .



Conditions in that behalf,- or until such Perfon or Perfons shall also have given * j herein specified. gon(j or Security, to be approved by the Commiflipners of Excife, or the Perfon or Perfons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in the Sum. of Five hundred Pounds, that he, (he or they will duly account with the proper Officer or Officers of Excifc, according to the Directions and Regulations of the said ACt of Parliament and of this A6t, for all the Salt which he, (he or they (hah at any time take, ship, receive or have on board his, her or their Veflel or Vefleis, or have or receive in any Warehoufe or Warehoufes duly entered for that Purpofe during the Continuance of such Entry; and that every such Bond shall, during such time as la(t aforesaid, continue and (land as a Security for the due Application and Account of all such Salt as aforesaid, unless the fame is required by the Commif- *' fioners of Excife to be renewed by reason of the Death or Infolvency of any of the Obligors therein or thereof, or of the Penalty thereof becoming forfeited by the Mifapplication of any such Salt, or by such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid not duly accounting for the fame as aforesaid, or any qther Breach of the Condition of such Bond, and for the Perfon or Perfons giving such Bond, duly and truly observing, performing and keeping all the Regulations and Directions of the said ACt and of this ACt, touching or relating, to such Perfon or Perfons so trading as aforesaid, and to such Veflel or Veflels as aforesaid ; and if any such Perfon or Perfons shall receive or ship any Salt as aforesaid, without firfk making such Entry as aforesaid, and giving, or, upon Requeit by the proper Officer under the Directions of the Commiflioners of Excife, renewing such Bond on any such Occafion Penalty aocL as aforesaid, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Masters of	XXIV.	And be fi further enacted, That whenever any such Veflel %

Vessels catch- shall be about to fail and depart upon any such Trip or Voyage as Rsl^ma1^^ a^ore^a^> the proper Officer of Excife who shall nave taken such a Certificate oF Bond as aforesaid, and with whom the fame shall be deposited, shall. Bond without on the Requeit of any such Perfon or Perfons so entered as aforesaid,'

Fee; and every deliver, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate of such Bond having Quantity of been given as aforesaid by the Perfon or Perfons employing the fame, r	m	an<* of such Bond being then in force, and specifying therein the

Trip tobe en- Name and Tonnage of such Veflel, and to what Port such Veflel dorsed on such belongs, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, or Em-Oertificate. ployer or Employers thereof, who have given such Bond as aforesaid, and shall endorfe upon such Certificate the Quantity of Salt then on board thereof, Duty free, for such Purpofes as aforesaid, for , such Trip or Voyage, and the Date of such Endorfement; and that before any Mafter, Owner or Employer of any such Veflel shall ship or receive any further Quantity of Salt on board thereof, (or such Purpofes as aforesaid, upon or for such Trip or Vovage, from the Stock of any other Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers, he shall first produce and (hew to the proper Officer who surveys the Stock of such Fi(h Curer or Filh Curers, or from whose Stock the fame is to be -removed, such Certificate of Bond as aforesaid; and such Officer shall thereupon endorfe the Quantity of Salt then intended to be removed and shipped from the Stock of such Fi(h Curer or Fifli Curers on board oi such Veflel, together with the Date of such Shipment; and shall forthwith, at the Expence of such Mafter or Owner, tnnfinit by Poft a Copy of such Certificate with such Endorfement, and all

other

5fr> GEO. IIL

C. 57.

885

A.D.1810.

Other Endorfements thereon, to the Officer taking such Bond, and giving such Certificate as aforesaid; and the MaAer of every such Veflin fhaH, at the time of making, on the Completion of such Trip or Voyage, such Entry in Writing with the Officer of Excife of his cured Fifh as is required by the said Aft, deliver to such Officer such Certificate, with every, such Endorsement thereon, made as .aforesaid, for every separate Quantity of Salt had or received oh fcoazti of any such Veffd for or upon every such Trip or Voyage, And /hall account for the whole of such Salt, and for all the Fifh, cured therewith, or upon or during such Trip or Voyage as directed by the said Ad or by this Ad, and shall, on such Officer taking an . Account thereof as aforesaid, land and deposit all the Salt remaining on board of such Ship or Veifel, unused in the Warehouse or Ware-hotxfes entered for that Pufpose, of such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, or shall at the Option of such Perfon or Perfons keep and take the fame on board of such Veffel for curing or preferring Fifh on the next succeeding Trip or Voyage thereof, as directed by the said Ad : Provided always, that the Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, fromwhofe Stock any fuen Salt shall be so shipped as aforesaid, shall be wholly discharged from all further Account or Refponfibility for • such Salt, and Credit shall be given to him, her of them by the. proper Officer for the fame,' as for Salt transferred to another Fifh Curer; and if any such MaAer, Owner or Employer of any such Veflel shall depart or fail upon any such Trip or Voyage as aforesaid, without such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall receive or ship any Salt on board thereof, from his, her or their own Stock, or from the Stock of any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, without first producing such Certificate as aforesaid, and without such Certificate •being so endorsed as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

4 XXV. And Whereas the-Credit or Allowance granted by the 1 said Aft, made in the Forty firA Year aforesaid, for Salt nfed in ( the fairing, curing or preferring Fifh, under the Directions or * Authority of the said Aft, other than Herrings,- Pilchards or 4 Mackarel, is Twenty two Pounds Weight of Salt; And Whereas 1 it is expedient to increase the said Allowance ;* Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be allowed for every One hundred Weight of all good and wholesome Fifh, salted,, cured, preferred and produced, as required by the said Aft, other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackarel, a Credit or Allowance not exceeding Thirty Pounds of Salt, for every One hundred Weight of such other Fifh so cured, preferred and produced as aforesaid: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained, shall extend, or be deemed or conArued to extend to Cod Fifh, dry salted in Bulk, or to anthorife the making or giving of any Credit or Allowance for Salt used in the fairing, curing or preferring any such other Fifh, beyond the Quantity or Salt actually and hond fide employed and spent in the curing and preferring thereof as aforesaid ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithAandmg.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That ail aaf every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, to whom any White 8&lt fhaffi, under the Rules, Regulations, ReAriftions and Prorifions of the (aid Afts of the Tterty eighth and Fifty seventh Years of Hisprefcnt Majefty’s Reign, 59 Gso. III.	C	c	be

Master of Ship at Conclusion of Voyage, to deliver to Officer Certificate, &c.

Departing with-out Certificate, &c. Penalty acct.

41 O..V

C. 21. § IX

Allowance of 22 tba. per Cwt, for certain cured Fish under 4t G. 3. c. 21. extended to 30 lbs. Proviso as to Cod Fish dry salted in Bulk, Ac.

Allowance of Duty free ffirit for eertam wet salted Bream, Conger and

59* GEO. III.

A4>.

Polock, as under former Acts.

Officers seising Salt or Fish to state the Cause of Forfeiture, on request of the real Owner of the Salt or Fish, and forthwith report Seisure to the Commissioners.

Such Statement not to affect the Legality of Mauve.

55 G. y c. 66.

5 r-

Ute time mentioned in such

C.57.

be delivered Duty free, for the puipofe of ejumg and tpst^ervaif Fife, ftiaU.be allowed A Credit sot -exceeding Fifty fix Pouoda Weight of such Sah for every Barrel of Thirty .two Gallons of Fijk coifed Bream, Conger pr Polock, wet failed and perfectly cured, audio fe proportion for any greater or less Quantity > such Credit to be allowed under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Paovtfippfe Fjm* Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the said Afob or bf any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in Force at the time <of paffiog this A3t are contained, provided, .fettled pr <eftab)li(Ued, for pr ip ijefped of allowing Salt Duty free, far the. purpose of curing and preferring j*ilh therein mentioned, or for pr in respect of allQwpPg Fiih Curtp .Credit for Salt delivered to them , for .that Purppie.

XXVII. And be it further enpded. That when any Officer or Officers of Exrife ftiaU seize any Salt or Rock Salt* pr any Fife, m forfeited or liable to be seized Under or by virtue -cff thk.Ad or apy Other Ad or Ads of Parliament ip fotce.m that behalf, feoh .Officer or Officers respectively .shall, upon request in Writing being first made by the real Owner or Owners of such Spit, Rock Salt pr jFith respectively, or his or their Foreman or Manager, and figppd by,bi» or them, deliver to such Owner or Qwiwvt, Foreman rftr Manage requeuing the fame .as aforefeid, or at his or their ‘p&ud .Place of Refidence ; or -if he, (he or they bp a Trader or Trader imd** the Survey of the Officers -of Exmle, at his, her or their onsesod Pre-mifes within Twenty four Hours after such Requeft -made, a Statement in Writing of the Caufe pr Caufes for which Fuch Officer or Officers shall conceive such Salt, Rock Salt or Fi(h respectively to be forfeited and liable to be seized; ontbevery such Officer and Offices shall forthwith report such Seizure, with the Ctrcumftances attending .the fame, to the Commiffipnpm .of Excife: Provided always, that no written Statement, by any such Officer or Officers as. last afore-hid, shall in any way prejudice or affect, or be deemed or taken to prejudice or affect, the Legality of such Seisure, or to .prejudice or affect any Bill, Plaint or Information which shall or,may be profit-cutecb filed or exhibited, either for the Condemnation of any such Salt or Rock Salt or Fi(h, or for any Penalties incurred in respect of or with regard to the feme, or any or either.of them, or to prejudice or affect any A-dion which may or shall be commenced against the Officer or Officers who shall have seized such Salt or Rock Salt or Fifh, or for or with respect to any such Seizure.

‘ XXVIII, And Whereas the Bond or Security given-by Makers 4 of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxyfnpriate of Lime, for or 4 on the Receipt of Salt or Rock Salt Duty free for that Burpose,

4 is by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reigp of His 4 present Majesty, for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatfe Add 4 to take Salt Duty free for making such Acid pr Oxymuriate 4 of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton required tp be made, 4 with Condition that aH such Salt or Rock Salt shall, within Six 4 Months next ensuing the Date of such Bond, be really and truly 4 emploved, spent and consumed by such Maker or Makers, at his 4 or their Work or Works therein specified, in the making of Qxy-4 genated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate pf Liip*: And'Where**

4 such Period of Six Months is found too fhoet .fee fuph ;Purpofts 4 as aforesaid ;* k therefore euacted, That m.Kauiof Months, every such Bond (hail he^mide with Condition that the.Salt or Rock.

io*	Salt

k

a$. im.

C. 57.

387

fiaJt meotfoied ,'m j^yAich Bond, ihdl,,within Twelve Month? next Bonds extended eofuiqg the Dpt£ qf juch (Bond, he really and truly emploved, to TweW©

(pent and confuted by such Maker or Makers an aforesaid, .givii^g Mpnths* or entering intpfodb Bqnd, at his pr their Work or Works therein fpeetfiod, >is the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxy-jnuriate of Lime* for the fqle Purpofe of bleaching the fev^r^I Goods fdpefoedyfqr jvhjqh the.jame pre now,by Law Slowed-4 XXIX. And Whereas by the said Aft, made in the Fifty fifth 55-®~3*

4 Year darefciid, k is epasted, that.no Maker or ^lakers of Oxy- 5 *• repealed.

4 gtnated Muriatic .Acid or Oxymunate of Lime, shall obtain,

4 receive pr have any Salt Duty free /for that Purpose, in any less 4 Quantity (than Fifty Buihelq, or be at liberty to mix with Vitriolic 4 Acid, Manganefe and W^tqr, pr any or either of them, any 4 one time, any loss Quantity than Two Bufhels of Salt: And 4 Whereas it is inconvenient to many such Makers as aforesaid, to 4 .receive for the Purpofes aforesaid, so large a Quantity of Salt at 4 one'time as Fifty Bufhels of Salt, or to mix, as aforesaid, so large 4 a Quantity as Two Bulhels at one time Be it therefore enacted.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Makers of hundred and nineteen, so much of the Lid Aft as is hereinbefore Oxygenated recited, shall be, apd the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from orJS!muriate thenceforth it shall and may be lawful for any such Maker or Makers cf Lime, to be as aforesaid, to obtain, receive and have Salt or Rock Salt Duty at liberty to mix foe for the Purpofep aforefaid*- in any Quantity not being less than any Quantity Twenty Bufhels at one time, under the several Regulations npw "ot	*°

by Law eftabliihed, and to mix .with Vitriolic Acid and	OI.UR^°Salt at

cr with Vitriolic Acid, Manganefe and Water, under the several Re- one filiations juid Reftriftiops contained in the said Aft, at any one time, any Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt specified in- his, her or their Notice to be thereof given, as required by the said Aft, so as such . Quantity is notiefs than Twenty eight Poundsof Salt or Rock Salt respectively; flod that itbe proper.Officer shall thereupon grant his Certificate of such.mixing,in the manner required by the said Aft.

4 XXX. And Whereas Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or 4 Qxymuriate of Lime, from Salt or Rock Sajt, are by Law allowed 4 .to receive Salt and Rpck Salt Duty free for {hat Purpose: (n) And -4 Whereas after such Salt or Rock $alt has been so made use of, the 4 Refiduum has, byfuqh Makers as aforesaid, been employed in making,

4 or fold and difpqfed of to be employed in making Mineral Alkali 4 called Soda, which .Praftice is injurious to .the Produftion of and 4 Trade in Kelp, and the Duties granted and imposed by Law on 4 Barilla;* Beit therefore enacted. That from and after the Fifth Day Makers of of Jdy One thousand eight .hundred aqd qineteen, no fuch-Maker or Oxygenated JdakezB as aforesaid, or any Perfpn pr perfoqs whatsoever, shall fell, Muriat^ Acid transfer or .deliver jover, pr cause, permit cur suffer to be.fold, transferred or .dobwed over, any, of the Refiduum, Refpfe or .Remains of Salt employing it in or Rook Salt, or other Material or Materials, which have been ufedor making Mineral employed in making or. extrafting Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxy- Alkali, to make muriate of Lime, upon pain of forfeiting for apy such Offence the Entry, anti pay hum of One hundred Pounds ; or shall use or employ any such Re- p^aJty xoo. fidqum, Refpfe or Remains as aforesaid in the making or manufacture of -Mineral Alkali or Sp4a i/or hfe, her «r their own Ufe, unlefs

Set5J-C. &.C.66,	§i. 56 <J. 3. f.. 94. £ i.

C e 2	'	he.

C. 57.

59° GEO. lit

A.D. 1819

P&nacftle, &C. mar be mixed and used with Manure* with-

he, (he or they shall have first made a proper and legal Entry at the proper Office of Excife as a Mineral Alkali Maker, and shall psre to the proper Colle&or of Excife and be duly licensed, the Duty which is granted and imposed upon and in refoe& of Mineral Alkali called Soda, for and upon all iuch Mineral Alkali or Soda as shall be by him, her or them made therefrom, for his, her or their own Ufe, Beneltv xoei. uP°n pain of forfeiting for each and every Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Salt Maker or Salt Makers, from time to time, upon giving Twenty four Hours’ Notice in Writing to the proper Officer Joann wa<M. Excife, to mix, in the Prefence of such Officer, for his, her and c^Fsym^of	or	Panscratch, and other coarse and impure (aline

Duty,	Substances, Articles and Ingredients, not being Rock Salt, or White

or Common Salt fit for human Confumption, with Soot or Afhes, in the Proportion of not less than One Fourth of such Soot or A(hes, without Payment of any Duty for the fame, and for any FHh Curer or Fi(h Curers to mix his and their foul or impure Salt or Rock Salt, which has been more than once used upon or applied Using ««wtf far In, and is no longer useful for the Cure of Fiih; and that it he, any ether Pur- (he or they, or any other Perfon or Perfons into whose Cuftody P068*	or Pofsession, or under whole Directions any such saline Substances,

so delivered as aforesaid, or any such Soot or A(hes so mixed shall come, shall use or employ, or cause 6r suffer to be used or emploved, the fame or any Part thereof, or any Ingredient thereof, for any other Purpofe tnan manuring Land, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon and Perfons so offending shall for each and every such Penalty iool. Offence severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to affect or lessen the Account and Accounts required by Law to be rendered by every Fifh Curer, Refiner and Refiners of Salt or Rock Salt refpeCtively, under and by virtue of his, her or their Bond and Bonds, on the Receipt of Rock Salt.

5 G. i. c.xS. 4 XXXII. And Whereas by an A& made in the Fifth Year of S if*	* the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, for recovering

the Credit of the BM/b Fiffiery in Foreign Parts, and better fecur-ing the Duties on Salt, it is enacted, that every Perfon who fhaH carry or convey, or cause any Brine to be carried or conveyed from the Pits (other than such Perfon or Perfons who are known Proprietors of Pans for boiling the fame into White Salt), dull forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Shillings for eveiy Gallon of Brine so carried and conveyed, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity: And Whereas after the boiling of Brine, and making therefrom the Salt called White or Common Sait, the Refiduum called Bittern or Mother Ley, or Liquor containing other Materials than those which confthute or will make White or Common Salt, and such Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor is useful in other Manufa&ures not subject or liable to Excife Duties j* Be Certain Bittern it therefore enacted, That no Perfon shall incur or lose the aforesaid tajriccn or gijy other Penalty by reason of taking, removing, carrying or ^^tpEndhw ctoveying awaT fr°m *ny Salt Work any Bittern or Mother Ley or or Forfeiture. Liquor, provided that stich Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor (Kali not contain, in folutjon or otherwise, any White or Common Salt,

or

AJX1819.

59° GEO. ILL

C.57.

889

or Material or Materials with or from which any White or Common Salt may or can be boiled or made; any thine in the hereinbefore in part recited, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

* XXXIII. And Whereas it it expedient that greater Facility 4 should be afforded to the sufficient and easy Supply of Rock Salt,

*	for the purpose of more extenlively proving, whether the fame can

*	be beneficially employed in feeding or mixing with the Food 6f ' Sheep and Cattle, of steeping Seed or preserving Hay, or for ma-

*	miring Land ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons not being a Refiner of Salt or Rock Salt, or connected with or interested therein, at Liverpool, GloucejUr, Plymouth, London, Norwich, Hull and Newcqfile upon Tyne, or other Places, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Excife in England, and at Leith and Glafgoto or other Places, with the like Approbation of the Coromiffiooers of Excife in Scotland, to provide or cred and make use of a Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, for the purpose of receiving from any Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or any Warehouse belonging thereto, and laying, storing or keeping therein Rock Salt, delivered under and by virtue of a certain Ad, made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His piefent Majesty, for repealing the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and imposing another Duty and making other Provifions in lieu thereof, and to receive from any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine, or any Warehoufe belonging thereto, under the Provifions of the lift recited Ad, any coarse and impure Rock Salt for the Purposes aforesaid, and lay, deposit and keep such Rock Salt therein, and from time to time to fell and deliver the fame or any Part thereof, being in no Cafe lets than One Ton, if any Part thereof be unground at any one time, of such Rock Salt from any such Warehouse, for the Furpofes aforefrnd, to any Perfon who shall be authorised to receive the tame, by such Certificate to be first granted to such Perfon by the proper Officer of Excife nearest to his or her Refidence, as from time to time shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excife, fpe-rifying the Quantity of such Rock Salt which such Perfon is authorised to receive, and the Place where and Ufes to which the Dune is to be applied according to the said Ad, and shall produce such Certificate to the Officer of Excife, who shall grant the Permit for the Removal of such Rock Salt to such Perfon from any such Warehoufe or Storehouse : Provided always, that every such Warehoufe or Warehouses, StorehouSe or Storehouses, shall be substantially and Securely built or constructed, and that no Such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, shall be made use of for the laying, storing or keeping fat one and the fame time) of any other Kind of Salt or Rock Salt, except Rock Salt delivered for tne Purpofes aforesaid, nor shall be used for the purpose last aforesaid, until Entry in Writing of such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, (haB have been first made at the next Office of Excife by the true and actual Occupier or Occupiers thereof, nor until such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, shall haye been first approyed of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervisor at Excife of the Diftrid in whioh such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe

Cc S

may be established at certain Places for lodging and keeping Rock Salt for agricultural Pur-.

Not lam than

One Ton to be sold at a time, on Production of Car-' tificate from Officer ot Excise, who is to grant Permit for RamcfraL

Regulations for building, &c.

or

$9° GEO; in.

A.D: 1^19.

or Storehouses, shall be situate, nor utlttf stich Occupier or Occuptar# of ftidh Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, fhaH have given and entered into a Bond or Obligation to His Majesty in the Penalty of a Sum equal to the Amount of the Home Confumptioa Duties on Salt made in England, for all the Rock Salt to be next received mtd any such .Warehoufe or Storehouses as aforesaid, and Of Fifty jfer Centum thereon, with deficient Sureties to the Satis-faftibri of the Comtttiffiohers of Excife respectively, or such Perfon 2tcf they (hall’ dlreft to’ receive the fame, that all fuen Rock Salt shall, dA the'Firft Day of Juke next Succeeding, be duly accounted for by Kith or them, as directed by the said Aft, and shall be fold and delivered' m manner tieforemeritioned for the Purpofes aforesaid only, atod* that on the Delivery of aiiy Part of (uch Rock Salt, the fantd shall be accompanied With hich Permit as is required by the fzfid Aft, made in the Fifty eighth Year aforefaid^ ana to such PeT-fons' bnly as are authorised by such Certificate as aforesaid, to receive the fame, and Who shall produce and deliver to the Officer making out and granting the Permit for the’ Removal thereof, such Certificate as aforesaid, and m such Quantity only aft shall be expreflW in such Certificate, being m no Cafe less than One Ton of such Rock Salt, if any Part thereof be unground, at ahy one time; and provided that such Perfbn or Perfons so making Entry as aforesaid, shall fiot refceive or deposit any such Rock Salt m any such Warehouse, Without giving Twenty four Hours* previous Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife of the Divifion or Ride in which such Warehoufe shall be situate, and delivering to him the Permit accompanying the fame, anrf shall in all refpefts'be subject to the like Paine, Penalties and Forfeitures as in* this or any Other Aft or Afts, not herein expressly altered, is or are contained and’ dirested, for and m respect of PerionS receiving Rock Salt for the Purpofe6 aforesaid; and if any such Rock Salt delivered for any of the Purpofes aforesaid, to be hud, feored or kept in' any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe 6f Storehouses as aforesaid, shall be lbdged and deposited for Sale as aforesaid at any of the Places aforesaid, in any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, otherwise than as aforesaid, or of which Warehoufe or Storehoufe such Entry shall not have been previously made as aforesaid, or which shall not have been previously approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftrift in which the fame shall be situate as aforesaid, and not afterwards disapproved of by such Supervifof or the Commissioners of Excife, or without the Occupier or Occupiers thereof having first given such Bond as aforesaid, and Notice, and delivered such Permit as aforesaid 5 or if such entered Occupier or Occupiers of any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or any other Perfon or Perfons, shall fell, exchange, transfer, deliver, consume or employ any Part of such Rock Salt Sent to be lodged in any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Storehoufe or Storehouses, or lodged or deposited therein for such Purpofes as aforesaid, for or in any other or different Purpofe or Manner than as aforesaid, or shall not duly and truly account for the fame as aforesaid, all such Rock Salt then lodged in any such Warehoufe or Storehoufe as aforesaid shall be forfeited, atad (haff and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife;

and

AUE).

id* GEO, m.

C»57i

mi the Pttfo* or Petfoto* so offending therein Audi far every fach Offence, over mi above the Penalty of his and their Bond, favevally forfeit and ioJe the Sum of Five honored Pounds*

* XXX UV. And Whereas by the said A A, made in the Fifty

*	eighth Year afarefeid, it h provided, that no fach Rock SaAt fhall

♦	be delivered far the Pnrpofet aforesaid, except m Lumps of Twenty r Pounds each, and it is expedient to alter such Regulation f Be it therefore ena&ad, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jufy One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, k shall and may be lawful far any Perfon or Perfen* who has or bate made Entry and given such Bond as aforesaid, to deliver from any fach Warehoufe at aforesaid, far the Purpofes in the laid A A mentioned, to any Perfon or Ferfooe aufthorifed by fadh Certificate as aforesaid to reeeive the feme, such Rock Sak in Lumps, not being of kfs Weight than Tea Pounds; and that m all Cafes wheat such Certificate shall express that any Quantity of fach Rock Salt dull be delivered and received, crushed os powdered, k shall be lawfaT for any fach Perfon or Perfons so making Entry and giving Bond as aforesaid, to deliver the feme from any such Warehoufe as afotefaid crushed and powdered y provided that fach crushed and powdered Rock Salt shall, before the Delivery thereof from any fach Warehouse, be mixed throughout with Coal To* in the- Proportion of not less than Half a Pound of Coal Tar far every Bufhel of fach crushed and powdered Rock Salt; any thing in this or .the said A6b contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

XXXV. And lie k further ena&ad. That when any fach Rock Sak flail be drireeved foom any Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or any Warehoufe belonging' thereto, for tie pmrpofe of being employed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Shpep and Cattle, of fbeeping deed or preferring Hay, or far manuring Land, and shall be carried or couoerytd in or on board of any Ship or Veflel, from one Port or Place in Great Brink* to any or either of the Ports or Places whore the feme is permitted to be warehoused under the Regula* tious and Conditions of this A&, and for the purpose of being fa warehoused as afarefeid, and shall arrive at the Port or Place where the Warehoufe or Storehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the feme shall. he- sent and permitted shall be situated, k shall and may be lawful to and for fach Perfbm or Perfons to fell and deliver any Pant of fach Rode Salt, being in no Cafe less than one Ton, to any Perfon or Perfons who feaU be authorised to receive the fame by such Certificate as afarefeid, fieft granted to fach Perfon or Per-fan dhe&ly feooa the said Ship or Veflel in which the feme shall have fa beenretnuvtd, without ford landing orwarehoufiog the feme: Pro* tided always, that the Permit or Permits accompanying the whole of fach Rock Salt shall be firff duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf, and that the Maker or Commander of the fud Skip or Veffrd shall first make oath, as by Law is required on ike Removal of Duty fine Salt, and that all such Rock Salt (as well fach Part thereof as shall be intended to be taken into the entered Warehoufe or Storehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the feme shall be so permitted, as fach Part as shall be intended to be fold or delivered from fach Ship or Veflel to fach other Perfon or Perfons us afarefeid) shall be first duly weighed on board the said Ship or Veflel, by or in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in that behalf: And provided aUb, that the whole of fach

C c 4	Rock

8W

Penalty 500I.

58 G.y.«. 77.

S*.

Rock Salt is Lumps of xo lbs. &c. may be delivered to Persons authorised by Certificate.

Such Rock Salt, not less than a Ton, may, on Removal to any such Warehouse, bedell, versd toPw-chnosmcKreetly from tfca Strip, without being warehoused.

Permit to be de&veced to Officer;

and Quantity

expressed

C. £7.

S9° GEO. III.

therein to been-

tered ts Stock.

Officers ot Excise to here liberty to enter and survey such Warehouses, and Supervisors to weigh the Stock of Rock Salt.

Obstructing Officer, or not supplying him with Weights apd Scale* ffic.

Eenalty-aocl.

Commissioners of Excise may, on Application of Fish Curer* direct their Stock of Salt not to be weighed, and the Quantity which shall appeal u» |*r

A4>. 1819.

Rock Salt mentioned and expressed in fuck Permit or Permits, and so removed in such Ship or Veffel, shall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be so permitted into his, her or their Cuftody and Poffeflion ; and that every Quantity of such Rock Salt as shall be so fold and delivered as aforesaid to any other Perfon or Perfons, shall be accounted for, and shall be accompanied with such Permit as is required by Law, on Removal of such Rock Salt from any such Warehouse, and that such Entries shall be made in respect thereof as are by Law directed and required to be made, in case the whole of such Rock Salt expressed and mentioned in the Permit or Permits accompanying the fame had been actually landed and received into the entered Warehoufe or Storehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was first sent and permitted, and the Rock Salt fold and delivered as aforesaid had been afterwards received from him, her or them, and from his, her or their Stock of Rock Salt in such Ware, house, by the said other Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be so fold or. delivered.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadfced. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife, upon his or their Request, at any time or times, to enter into and survey every such Warehoufe as aforesaid, and the Rock Salt therein ; and for any Su-pervifor or other Officer or Officers of Excife, of equal or superior Rank to a Supervisor, on any such Survey to weigh the Rock Salt therein $ and if any Owner or Proprietor of any fuen Warehouse, or other Perfon or Perfons, shall neglect or refuie, upon such Requeft as aforesaid, to open and unlock such Warehouse, and permit such Officer or Officers to enter and survey the fame and the Rock Salt therein, or shall prevent, hinder or obstruct such Officer or Officers from so doing, or any Supervifor or other Officer or Officers of Excife of such Rank as aforesaid, from weighing all the Rock Salt therein, or shall hide or conceal any such Rock Salt, or neglect or refuse, upon the Demand of such Supervifor or other Officer or Officers, to furaifh him or them with true and lawful Scales and Weights sufficient for the weighing of such Rock Salt, or to give him or them all needful and necessary Aid and Affiftance in the weighing thereof, or shall use or cause, permit or suffer to be used, any Art, Means or Contrivance by which such Supervifor or other Officer or Officers, shall or may be prevented, obstructed or hindered from taking a true and accurate Account of the Weight and Quantity of such Rock Salt, all such Rock Salt and such Scales and Weights shall be forfeited* and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and every Perfon so offending fhsul for every such Offence Severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That upon any Application being made to the Commissioners pf Excife for Scotland or England respectively, by any Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers, praying that his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt, received by him, her or them Duty free for curing Fi(h, shall not be weighed by the Officer or Officers of Excife, in pursuance of the Powers and Regulations m that behalf, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners respectively, if they shall fee fit, and upon such Conditions as they shall think proper to impofe9 to order any fuck Stock of Salt or Rock Salt not to he

weighed,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

893

C.57.

weighed, and for the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt respectively, the Books to which shall appear by the Book or Books of the Surveying Officer be transferred to of such Stock to have been received by such Fi(h Curer or Fifh next Tear's Curers, and to be then in bis, her or their Stock, to be transferred AocouIlt: to the next succeeding Year’s Account as if weighed, and thereby afeertatned by such Officer, and for Affidavit to be made of- such Quantity by such Fifh Curer or Fi(h Curers, and Bond to be given for such Quantity for such succeeding Year’s Account, in all reipefts as if such Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt respectively had been ascertained by having been actually weighed by the proper Officer or Officers in that behalf: Provided always, tnat no fuen Applica- But in no Case tion shall be granted, or Order made as aforesaid, in any Cafe in which where Salt is any of the Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free by any such Fi(h deliveredjioim Curer or Fifh Curers shall have been delivered or transferred by him, [h^tockdfany her or them to, or received by him, her or them from the Stock of	J

any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, or shall have been employed in Carer, &c. the curing or preserving of any Fifh, or the Bulk of which Salt or Rock Salt received in the Year in or in respect of which any such Application is made, and such Stock of Salt or Rock Salt is or ought to be weighed, shall have been in any respect broken; any thing in this, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the coutrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Power* of Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters iaC.a. c. u. and Things which in and by an Ad, made in the Twelfth Year of “d other Act* the Reign of King Charles the Second,. for taking away the Court

of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Cafite9 and by Knights Ser- to ^ vice and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to His Ma-jefty's Revenue of Excife, are provided and established, shall be prac-tifed, used and put in execution, in and for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully and effedualjj to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and every the (aid Powers, Rules, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this present Ad.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties Penalties how and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad, shall be sued for, recovered, to be recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhnin-JUry or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that (fave and except in such Cafe or Cafes where it is otherwise ex-prefsly directed by this Ad) One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered. Act altered, &c. amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be passed in this Seffion this Session, of Parliament.

CAP.

39° GEO. IK.

AiiD« 1919*

394	C.	58.

CAP. LVI2L

An Aft for facilitating the Recovery of the Wager of Seamen in the Merchant Service.	[ad	July	1819.]

‘ XT 7 HE RE AS the Seamen and Manners employed in the Mcr-

*	W chant Service, and in the Coaftiag Trade of thi« Kingdom,

4 are exuofed to great Difficulties, Expellee and Inconvenience in c filing tor or obtaining Payment of their Wages* in Cafes bf Dilute 4 with the Mailers or Owness of Veffels iat which they may have

*	ferved $ and it is expedient that greater Facility Aiould be given

*	for Recovery of fuck Wages May it therefore pfcafe Yonr Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be k enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament

Justices am- assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after powered, on the First Day of Jtugufi hi the Year of our Lord One thousand eight Complaint of hundred and nineteen, it shall be lawful for any Seaman, Mariner or lraruid settle other Perfon (except Mailers or Apprentices), who shall have served Disputes about ofi board any Ship or Veflel trading from any Port or Place, or Ports Wages not ex- or Places in that Part of die United Kingdom called England* to ceading 20L Ports beyond the Seas, or to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, by virtue Or in pnrfuaace of any Contract or Engagement, in Writing or not in Writing, and whether the fttne be by Parol, or by Deed under Seat, or otherwite, h cate the Made# olr Commander, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of any such Ship or Veflel, after the Expiration of Two Days from the time of Entry of such Ship or Veifel at the Cuftdtn House, or from the Delivery of her Cargo, or from the time when such Seaman or Mariner, or other Perfon (except as afeuefaid), shall be difoharged, which (had first happen (unlds an Agreement shall have been made and entered into to the contrary, and in that Cate, after the Expiration of the time so ftipu-lated or agreed for the Payment of such Wages aS aforefaid), negfeft or refute to pay to any such Seaman, Mariner Cft ether Perfon (except as aforefaid), his or their Wages, or any Part thereof, to complain to any Juftice or Justices of the Peace reuding in br near to the Place where such Ship or Veflel shall have ended her Voyage, or been cleared at the Coftom Houte, of delivered her Cargo* or to any Juf-tice or justices of the Peace reliding in or near to the Place where such Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of any such Ship or Veflel, or (in case of there being no Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon in charge of any such Ship or Veflel) where any Qwtoer or Owners thereof shall then happen to be, and thereupon it shall be lawful for any such Juftice or Justices of the Peace respectively, and they are hereby required, upon such Complaint made to them upon Oatn or Affirmation, to iftue a Summons to such Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of any such Ship or Veflel, or (in cate of there being no Mafter or Commander or other Perfon in charge of any such Ship or Veflel) to such Owner or Owners thereof, to appear before them may examine ' at such Time and Place to be in such Summons specified ; and upon Sntm“> *e* the Party or Parties appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not upon Oatn.	appearing after having been so summoned, the said Juftice or Juftices

(had, mid they are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath fuch

Seaman,

AJD.1&19;

59* GEO. Ill,

G.68*

$95

Sedrnari, Marine* of other Perfon (except as aforefaid), or any athe*

Witaefu of Witneffesi touching any such Complaint, or any Difference of Difpute refpe&kig such Wages, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon aa aforesaid, as to such Juftice or Justices shall feCm reasonable and just $ provided that the Sum in question do not exceed Twenty Pounds so claimed to be due to any One Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon at aforesaid ; and in case of Refufal to pay,- Or Non Payment of any Sum On ItsAual to or Sums of Money so ordered, by the Space of Two Days next after comply with such Order and Determination, such Juftice or Justices mail and may	Dewt-

Hfhe forth their Warrant to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Wage^to be ^ Goods and Chattels of such Mafter or Commander or other Perfon refcfotend. having of taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veffel, or fin case of there being no Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon m charge of any such Ship or Veffel) of any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any there be), after deducting aft the Cofts, Charges and Expences of any Summonfes, Informations,

Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, and of such Distress, and the keeping, Appraifement or Sale thereof, or othCrWife relating thereto, unto the Perfon or Perfons whose Goods and Chattels shall be ft) distrained and fold; and in case fuflicient Diftrefs shall not be found for Payment and Satisfaction of the Amount of Wages so ordered to be paid by such Juftice or Justices, and the fame, with such Cofts,

Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall Sot be paid within the said Period of Two Days, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to levy the Amount of the Wages so ordered to be paid, together wkh such Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, on the Ship o* Veffel for the Service on board which such Wages shall be so ordered to be paid, or any of the Tackle, Furniture or Apparel thereof, rendering the Overplus thereof (if any), after Payment of such Expences as aforesaid, to the Mafter or Commander or Owner thereof; and the Decifion Justice’s Deter* of such Juftice as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive as well on minsdon final, such Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon, as upon such Mafter or Com- unl®“ Appeal maitder, or other Perfon taking the Charge or Command of fuch	Sew

Ship or Veffel, and the Owner or Owners thereof; save and except m such Cafes in Which an Appeal shall be interposed by either Party to the High Court of Admiralty, such Appeal to be interposed within the Space of Seven Days alter the Order of the said Juftice of Justices so to he made as aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Seaman or Ma* Notice of finer, or other Perfon so claiming to be entitled to such Wages fis Appeal, aforesaid, or the Party or Parties who is or are ordered to pay the fame, or thehr Agents refpedfcively, shall be diilatisfied with such Order and Decifion of the Jbftice or Justices touching such Wage* as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for either of them rfefpe&ively, witSift Forty eight Hours after the making such Order as aforesaid, hut Sot afterwards, to give Notice in Writing, to the Juftice or Justices so making such Order, of his, her or their Defire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty respecting the said Wages and the Order so made thereon as aforesaid, by delivering the fame to such Juftice or Justices, or leaving the fame at their last or most uftial Place of Abode; mid thereupon tnl fcafty so refilling or deputing the

Claim

C* 58.

59# GEO, III.

A.D. 1819.

3D6

Bail to be given on Service of Hotice.

Commissioner or Justice to certify same.

Proviso for Agreements entered into by Seamen before the passing of this Act.

Proviso for Stamen in respect of any Remedy which may now be resorted to.

Ast not to extort to Scot-

Claim to such Wages, or the Order to be made by such Juftice or Justices thereon, shall be compelled to proceed within Thirty Days from the Date of such Order, by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party, and shall, on the Service of such Notice, give good and sufficient Baal in double the Amount of the Wages To ordered to be paid as aforesaid, and which Bail shall be taken by a Commiffioner for taking Examinations in Prize Causes, if there shall be One in the Port or Place where such Difference shall arise or Order be made, but if there shall be no such Commiffioner there, then the said Juftice or Juitices who shall pronounce such Order, or any other of His Majefty’8 Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised to take the fame; and the Commissioner, Juftice or Justices, who shall take such Bail, shall certify the fame according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and transmit the fame without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, and alfb a Copy of the Order so made by such Juftice or Justices, on unftamped Paper, certified under the Hand or Hands of such Commissioner, Juftice or Justices taking the Bail as aforesaid, and the fame shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Caufe.

III.	Apd be it further enacted, That no Seaman or Mariner or other Perfon, by entering into or signing any Con trad or Agreement as required by the several Statutes now in force for that Purpose, or into any Covenant, Stipulation or Agreement to be comprised in any such Contra& or Agreement, which shall have the Effe&, or be designed or intended to have the Effe&, of depriving such Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon of the Remedies by this A6t given for Recovery of WageB so due to him or them as aforesaid, shall be deprived of or hindered from using any Method or Means for Recovery of Wages, against any Ship, or the Mafters or Owners thereof, which immediately before the passing of this A61 he might, and which after the said First Day of Augujl\e. may make use of; and that in all Cafes where it shall or may be necessary, in resorting to the Remedies by this A6fc given for Recovery of such Wages as aforesaid, that the Agreement or Agreements in Writing aforesaid should be produced before such Juftice or Justices as aforesaid, no Obligation shall be on any Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon as aforesaid, to produce the fame, but such Obligation shall lie on the Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having the Charge or Command, or the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Veflel for which the Wages shall be demanded $ and no Seaman or Manner shall fail in any Complaint or Proceeding before any Juftice or Justices for Recovery of Wages for want of such Agreement or Agreements being produced, but shall and may proceed therein as if no such Agreement in Writing had been made.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A6t contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon as aforesaid, of any Remedy, Means or Pro-cefs which may now be resorted to or used against any Ship or Vefiel, or the Mafter or Commander or Perfon having the Charge of such Ship or Veflel, or the Owner or Owners thereof, for the Recovery of Wages due for serving on board of any such Ship or Vefiel.

V.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A61 contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland.

VI. And

59° GEO. IIL

S97

A*D. 1119.

C.5S, 5ft.

VI.	And be k further enacted, That this Ad Audi be deemed Public Act. and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as fuck by all Judge*, Jufbcea and others whomfoerer, without being specially pleaded.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That thia Ad shall continue in Continuance

force for Seven Years from the passing hereof.	Act*

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Ad.

*	Day	of	in

*	j the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred

*	and	before	at	in

4 the County of	.	A*	B. and C. D. appeared

4 personally, and produced themselves as Sureties for

4 the Matter of the Ship	and	for	the Owners

4 thereof, and submitting themselves to the Jurifdidion of the said 4 Court of Admiralty of England, bound themselves, their Heirs,

4 Executors and Adminiftrators, for the said Mailer and Owners of

*	the said Ship, in the Sum of	each of lawful

4 Money of Great Britain, unto E. F. a Seaman having served on ‘ board the said Ship, to answer the Amount of such Wages as (hall

*	be hereafter decreed by the said Court to be due to the laid E. F.y 4 according to the Tenor of the Aft in that Cafe made and provided;

‘ and unless they shall so do, they hereby consent that Execution

*	(hall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors and Adminif-4 trators. Goods and Chattels* whereon the fame shall be found, to 4 the Value of the Sum above mentioned.9

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged" and received at the time hereinbefore above Written, before me the undersigned Commif-fioner, [or, as the undersigned Juftice or Jnllices of the Peace] and I [or, we] do bebeve and consider the Perfons above mentioned sufficient Security for the Sum above mentioned.

CAP. LIX.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and Marines* to Wages due tp Intef-tate Baftards.	[2d	July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the S3 ©. 3. c. 6a». 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AR to repeal 5 l8-

4 several AR* relating to the Execution of Lettert of Attorney and Wills 1 *f Petty Officersy Seamen and Marinesy in Hi* Majejly9! Navy9 and 4 to make neto Provifions resetting the fames it was enacted, that where

*	any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds should be due ( for the Services as in the said Aft mentioned of any Petty Officer ( or Seaman, Non Cocnmiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, de-4 ceased, it should and might be lawful for the Infpeftor of Seamen’s 4 Wills to issue or cause to be issued a Certificate in the Form or to 4 the Efteft and for the Purpofe in the said Aft mentioned; And 4 Whereas it is expedient that tbs said Provifions should be extended

4 to

. 1

S9* GEO. IlL

A.D.L81P'

€.50,60.

extended to Cases where Bastards shall die intestate.

Archbishop of Canterbury or York, or Bishop of London, Ac, may ordain i^>eciallj for the Colonies.

4 to the Petty Officers and -Seamen, Non rCommiffioned Officers of * Marines, and Marines, who /bang .boro Baftards shall have died or ( shall die intoftateBe it thent&ee enacted by The Sing’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, andCommouA, in this pcefait Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of,the fame. That where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be due for the Services in .the said recited Adi mentioned of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, whp being born a Baftard, shall hpae died or shall die intestate, in wonder that the Perfon or Perfons who shall be entitled to the Effefts, oar any Part thereof, by Qrant or Grants from the Crown, may not be

CD great Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the Ipfpeftor qf eu’s Wills, pppn Infpeftion and Examination of such Grant or Grants, tp issue or cause tp be issued a Certificate jn the Form or to the £ffeft provided by the said Aft in the case of any Sum not exceeding the Sura of Twenty Pounds being due for the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, deceafec}, and tfiat all and, eyery other the Provisions, Enaft-ments, Clauses, P^iqs, Penalties .and Forfeitures provided by the (aid Alft in tbofe Cases, ffiall from and after the pamng of this Aft he applied and extended to all Cafes of Certificates iuped or caused tp be issued by the Infpeftor of Seamen’s Wills upon Grants from the Crown of any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, due tor or in respect of the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whp being born a Ballard shall have died or shall die intestate.

CAP. LX.

An Aft to permit the Archbifhops of Canterbury and Fork, and the Bilhop of London, for the time being, to admit Perfons into Holy Orders specially for the Coionics, [ad July 1S19.J

4 TT 7 HE RE AS it is expedient that the Archbifhops and Bifhops 4 VV of this Realm should from time to time admit into Holy 4 Orders Perfons fpecially	f°r the Cure of Souls in His

4 Majefty’s Foreign Pofsessions, although such Perfons may not be ■4 provided with tne Title required by the .Canqp .of the Church of * England, pf such ps are to be made Minifters : And Whereas it will 4 greatly tend to the Advancement of Religion within the fame, that 4 pue Provifion shall be regularly made for a Supply of Perfons pro-4 perly qualified to serve as Parfons, Vicars, Curates or Chaplains 5’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing of ^hie Aft it shall be lawful for the Arfchbiihop of Canterbury, the Archbdhop of York or the Bilhop of London, for the time being, or any BHbop specially authorised and empowered by any or either of them, to admit ‘ into the Holy Orders of Deacon or Prieft any Perfon whom he Audi upon Examination deem duly qualified 'fpecially for vthe purpose of taking upon himself the Cure of Souls, or offidatmg in any Spiritual Capacity in His Majefty’s Colonies or Foreign Poffelfions andre&kng (herein, and that a Declaration of such Purpofc and a written Engagement

j

AJ>. Wl

wxxeq, m.

e-o9.

&9

gtgcmrwt Wpcjiqrm the far# wafer 4hp H*ed of jfuflh Perfen, hmg aepofited in !&e Hftnfe of £uch AvabtfifWp nr Biffipp, fluff b« M4(*P be a fcffioieat Title jwijbh * view to fash Qrdiuatipn i and tAt Fact stated in every finch Cafe it shall be diftiaftly feted ie the Letters qf Ordination Ljj?™ <* of every Perfou so admitted tp Holy Orders, that he has We oifiW Ordination far the Cure pf Soul* in His	-s foreign PofieflwW

II.	Provided always, and be it ,father pna&ed by the Authority Ho Person so aforesaid. That no Perfon so admitted jflto the Holy Orders of Dospoo ordidnad capa-or Prkft, for the purpose of takj«g\upop .hfafeu the Cure of Soulfr bl® p^holding or officiating in any Spiritual Capacity in His Majefty’s Foreign Pp£- GreaUJritLn feffioas, fefi be dpMe of having, bidding or enjoying, or of being or ireland with, admitted to mf Parfonage, Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclefiafe^il out Consent of Promatfnqr or Dignity whatsoever, within the United Kingdom of Bishop of Dio-Grt&f Britain aaa Ireland, or -of aftjog ,as Curate therein^ without “se> **ru*er the previous Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Bifhopof the **9 c* Diocefe* under his Hand and Setfl, in which any such Parfonage,

Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclefiaftickl Promotion or Dignity (hall

hf locally situated, nor without the like Confent and Approbation of •fuch one of the said Arcbbishops, or Bifhop of London, by whom, or by whose Authority such Perfon shall have been originally oretained, or in case of the Demife or Tranfiation of such Archbifhop or Bishop, of his Succeflqr in the fame See : Provided always, that Certificate of •no such Confent and Approbation shall be given by any such Arch- good Beha-hifbop, or Bi(hop of London, unless the Party applying for the fan\e viour first pro-fhall first produce a Teftimony of hia good Benaviour during the time duced* of his Refidence Abroad, from the Biihop in whose Diocefe he may have officiated, or in .case there be no Bishop, from the Governor in Council of the Colony in which he may have been rresident, or from His Majefty's Principal Secretary of State for tjie Colonial Department.

III.	And he it further enacted, That from and after the passing Qf Persons ordain, this Aft no Perfon who shall have been admitted into Holy Orders «d by Bishops by the Biihops of Quebec, Nova Scotia or Calcutta, or by any other

Bifhop or Archbifhop than those of England or Ireland, shall he 0r°OdcuttaT&c. capable of officiating in any Church or Chapel of England or Ireland restrained in without special Permiffion from the Archbifhop of the Province in like manner, which he proposes to officiate, or of having, holding or enjoying, Qr of being admitted to any Parfonage or other Ecclefiallied Preferment in England or Ireland, or of acting as Curate therein, without the Confent and Approbation of the Archbifhop of the Province, and also of the Bifhop of the piocefe in which any such Parfonage or Ecclefiaftical Preferment or Curacy may be situated.

XV.	Provided always. That no Perfon who after the passing of .this Persons oidafa-Aft shall have been ordained a Deacon or Priqft by a Colonial Bishop, «d by * Colo-who at the time of such Ordination did not actually possess an ,liaI Epifcopal Jurifdiftion over fbme Diocefe, Diftrift or Place, or was not actually residing within such Division, Diftrift or Place, shall be ferment, &c. capable in any Way, or on any Pretence whatever, of .at any time holding any Parfonage or other Eccjefiaftical Preferment witlyn His Majefty^s Dominions, or of being a Stipendiary Curate or Chaplain, or of officiating at any Place, or m any manner, as a Minifter of the Eftabhfhed Church of England and Ireland.

V.	And he it further enacted. That all Admissions, Inftitutions and Admissions, &o* Laduftions to Benefices in the Church of England, or Church of Ire- to Curacies land, and all Appointments to aft as Curates therein, which shall he ^"tjrar7 bernae,

made

59° geo: hi.

A.Di1819.

Premia.

Proviso for a6 G. 3. c. 84.

Burghs may

solicit Aid from County far Goals.

Proposal of Magistrates to be submitted to Commissioners of Supply.

C. 60,61.

made contrary to the Provifions of this A£t, shall be to all Intents and Purpofes null and void: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to make void any Admission, Inftitution or Indu£tion to any Benefice, or any Appointment as Curate, which shall have been made previous to the palling of this A&.

VI.	Provided always. That nothing in this A€t contained shall be construed to affect or to repeal any of the Provifions of an Ad patted in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to embower the Arcbbijhop of Canterbury, or the Arch-btfbop of York for the time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bifkop, Perfons being SubjcSs or Citizens of Countries out of Hie Majefiy's Dominions.

CAP. LXI.

An Ad to enable Counties and Stewattries in Scotland to give aid to Royal Burghs situated therein, for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols * or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common Gaols of Counties and Stewart* ries which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.

[2d July 1819.]

* TY7HEREAS the Gaols in the/ different Royal Burghs in Scot-4 VV land are in general insecure and incommodious: And c Whereas although by the Law of Scotland Burghs are bound to 4 provide and maintain proper Gaols, yet the Means of many of such 4 Burghs are insufficient for the necessary Improvement thereof;

4 wherefore it is expedient that Counties and Stewartries in Scotland 4 should be enabled to contribute towards the Expence that may be 4 required for improving, enlarging or rebuilding the Gaols of the 4 Royal Burghs of Scotland\ within the fame: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that when Common Gaols of Counties and Stewartries 4 in Scotland, are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs, such Counties and 4 Stewartries should be enabled to improve, enlarge or rebuild such 1 Common Gaols May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if the Magistrates and Council ot any Royal Burgh shall deem it expedient to solicit Aid and Afiiftance from the County or Stewartry in which the fame shall be situated, towards improving, enlarging or rebuilding the Gaol of any such Royal Burgh, they shall transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry, a Propofal in Writing for the Confider-ation of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry.

II.	And be it enaffeed, That the said Clerk ot Supply, upon receiving such Propofal, shall transmit it without Delay to the Convener, who shall call a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry, for the Confideration of the said Propofal, by public Advertifement in one or more Newfpapers published m said County or Stewartry, or if no Newfpaper is published therein, bv Advertifement in such Newfpaper or Newfpapers as the Convener usually intimates public County Meetings in for the said County or Stewartry, of which Meeting Six Weeks previous Notice at the least shall be given.

III. And

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.6L

401

lit And be it further enabled. That no Perfon shall be entitled to rote at any Meeting to be held under this A61, who shall not be a Commiflioner of Supply, po fife fled of the Dominium utile of Lands valued at One hundred Pounds Scots, or the Fa dor of an absent Commiffioner of Supply so qualified, duly authorised to attend and vote for his Conftituent at such Meeting*

IV.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commiflioners of Supply, or a Majority of them at any such Meeting, if they shall think fit, before coming to a final Resolution upon any such Propofal, to appoint a Committee of their Number to confer with the Magistrates and Town Council making such Propofals, and for the purpose of arranging with them all the Details that may be necessary to enable the Commiflioners of Supply to satisfy themselves as to the Propriety of affording Aid towards the Purpofe Solicited, and for settling the Plan or Plans necessary for the Execution of the Work, and for ascertaining the Expence thereof.

V.	And be it enacted. That after being Satisfied as to the Propriety of affording such Aid, and also as to all such Details as may be necessary for settling the Plan of the Work, and the Expence .thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Said Commiflioners of

Supply, at any Meeting Specially called for that Purpose, or a Majority of them then assembled, to resolve to give such Aid as they may think fit towards improving, enlarging or rebuilding any such Gaol.

VI.	And be it enacted. That a Copy of the Refolutions of such Meeting, signed by the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry, shall thereupon be transmitted to the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh by whom such Propofal (hail have been made ; and if within Fourteen Days after such Refolutions shall have been received by such Magistrates and Town Couneil, they shall signify their Wil-lingnefs to such Clerk of Supply to proceed to improve, enlarge or rebuild their Gaol, in the manner tliat shall have been expressed m such Resolutions, then the Commiflioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry shall be and become bound to raise the Money they '(hall have agreed to contribute for the Purpofe specified in such Refolutions so transmitted as aforesaid, by an Afleffment, which thej are hereby authorised to make in the manner directed by this

Qualification of Voters.

Co

of Supply may appoint a Committee of their Number to confer with Magistrate*

Commissioners of Supply may resolve to give Aid.

Resolution of Commianoners to be transmitted to Mi* gistrates, and upon their Consent, Assessment made by Commissioners.

VII. And be it enacted, That such Afleffment shall be made as Relative * follows; namely, upon all Lands and Heritages contained in the	°*

Valuation Books of such County or Stewartry, according to the ^Landsluid valued Rent of such Lands and Heritages, ana upon all inhabited Houses. Houfes within such County or Stewartry, of the annual Value of Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, according to such annual Value ; that is to fay, for every Five Pounds Scots that shall be assessed on every One hundred Pounds Scots of the valued Rent of Lands and Heritages, there shall be assessed the Sum of One Penny Sterling on every Pound Sterling of the annual Value according to which such inhabited Houfes shall be assessed for the House Tax ; but it iB hereby expressly provided and declared, that inhabited Houses, though of the annual Value of Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, erected or to be eredfced on Lands valued in the Valuation Books of the said County or Stewartry, and chargeable with Afleffment imposed by this AjSt on Lauds and Heritages so valued to a greater Amount than the Sum , 59 Geo.III.	D(	tor

402

C.61.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

When such Assessment shall be made.

How and by whom Assessment to be collected*

Assessment to be accounted for by CoU lectors.

Collector not accounting.

* Penalty*

Assessment to be paid in the first Instance by Tenants, who mayRetain.

Power to Commissioners to grant Aid to County Gaols in Burghs, not being Royal Burghs.

for which the said inhabited Houfes would be chargeable under this Aft, shall not also be liable to the Afleffment hereby imposed on inhabited Houfes of the.aforesaid Value.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That such Afleffment shall be made in the Proportions aforesaid, by such Commiflioners of Supply, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and shall be directed to be levied at such times as ihall be specified in the Order making the Afleffment, so that the Sums refolded to be levied may be collected within the Period requisite for accomplifliing the Purpofe* for which such Aid or Afliftance shall have been resolved to be given.

IX.	And be it enacted, That such Afleffment upon Lands and Heritages shall be collected by the Colleftor of the Cefs in such County or Stewartry, and such Afleffment upon inhabited Houfes shall be collected by the Colleftor of the Affeffed Taxes levied upon such Houses; apd all the Powers and Authorities granted by any Aft or Afts of Parliament to such Colleftor of the Land Tax, and to such Colleftor of the Affeffed Taxes, for the levying and recovering thereof respectively, are hereby given and granted for the levying and recovering of such Afleffment.

X.	And be it enacted. That all Sums of Money levied by any such Colleftor of the Land Tax, or Colleftor of the Affeffed Taxes respectively, for or in respect of such Afleffment, shall, after retaining an Allowance for their Trouble, not exceeding the Allowance made to them for collecting the Land Tax and Affeffed Taxes respectively, be paid over and accounted for by every such Collector, to such Perfon or Perfons, and at such time or times, as shall be directed by the said Commiflioners of Supply ; and if any such Colleftor (hail not so pay and account for the lame accordingly, every such Colleftor so making default shall forfeit Double the Sum so neglected to be paid, to be recovered with Intereft thereon by the Clerk of the Commiflioners of Supply, who shall, sue for the fame before the Judge Ordinary of the Bounds, with Coils or Expences of Process; and such Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purpofes for which such Afleffment was imposed and levied.

XL And be it enacted. That the Amount of every such Affeff-ment shall be wholly paid by the Owners of Lands as well as Houses: Provided nevertheless, that the whole of such Affeffement upon Houfes shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof in the fir(l Inftaiice, but they shall be entitled, and they are hereby authorised, to retain from their Landlords, out of the firit Year's Rent, the whole Amount of such Afleffment, which such Landlords are hereby required and obliged to allow as Part of the Rent due for such inhabits Houses, on Produftion and Delivery of the Colleftor’* Receipt for the fame.

XII. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where any Common Gaol of any County or Stewartry in Scotland is not the Gaol of a Royal Burgh, it shall and may be lawful from time to time for any Five or more of the Commiflioners of Supply of any such County or Stewartry, by a Writing under their Hands addressed to the Convener of such County, to require him within Six Weeks from the Date of such Requifition being made, to call a Meeting of the CommifEonen of Supply of such County or Stewartry, to take into confidential the State of such Common Gaol; and Inch Convener shall thereupon call such Meeting of the Commiflioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry, to be held within Six Weeks from the Date of the Re-- -	*	ceipt

A»I)‘ 1819.

59* GEO, I1L

C.61.

*0*

ceiptof such Requisition, by Public Advertifement in One or more Meeting, of # Newfpapers published in such County or Stewartry ; or if no Newf- Comm&Ionm paper is publiftied therein, by Advertifement in such Newfpapcr or by Advertiae-Newfpapers as the Convener usually intimates Public County Meet- ment* ings in for such County or Stewartry.

XIII.	And be it enacted, That at such Meeting, or at some Ad- Cornmimionw journment thereof, such Commiflioners of Supply shall fettle and °* ®“pply10 determine whether any and what Improvement or Enlargement of

such Common Gaol is necessary, or if it is necessary to rebuild the of fame; and before coming to a final Refolution as to the Plan proper s*ry. to be adopted, shall and may, if they think fit, appoint a Committee of their Number to procure Plans and Eftimates, and to arrange all nece(ary Details to enable the said Commiflioners to come to a final Determination as to the Mode of Proceeding to be adopted: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall empower or authorise Gaols to be re-the rebuilding of such Common Gaol of any County or Stewartry in built in Burghs any Burgh or Town, other than the Burgh or Town in which such wberetbeysrs Common Gaol is at present situated.	now ********

XIV.	And be it enacted, That at such First Meeting, or at some How to levy Adjournment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Com- *nd collect miffioncto of Supply, or a Majority of them, to resolve and determine Assessments, to what Amount such County or Stewartiy shall be assessed for the Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding of any Common Gaol therein, and shall then or at some fubfeauent Meeting to be held for that

Purpose, make such AfTefTment, and direct the lame to be levied at such times as shall be specified in the Order making the Affeffment,

(o that the Sums resolved and determined to be levied, may be col-le&ed within the Period requisite for accompli(hing the Purpofes for which the fame is to be levied; which Afieffment shall to such Amount be made and collected in the manner hereinbefore directed with regard to AffefTments on Counties and Stewartries, for Aid to Royal Burghs towards improving, enlarging and rebuilding their Gaols.

XV.	And be it enacted, That every Proprietor of an Entailed Hein of Entail Estate, who shall pay AffefTments under this Adi, shall be a Creditor charging

to the succeeding Heirs of Entail in the manner after mentioned, for “***■•

Three fourth Parts of the Money so to be paid.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That the Perfon or Perfons having Mod? of Reco-Right to the Claim arising from Money so to be paid as aforesaid, by very Pf Three the Proprietor of an Entailed Estate, in discharge of Affeffments four^s Aseess-under this Adi, may after the Expiration of One Year from the ^totallsd Death of such Proprietor, require the Hein succeeding to fuch

Eftate to repay the said Three fourth Parts of the said Money so paid, with the legal Intereft thereof, from the Term at which the laid succeeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Eftate shall commence, upon receiving a proper Aflignment and Conveyance of the said Claim; and if tne Money so due be not paid within Three Months after such Requifition, it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons having Right tnereto, to sue the said Hein in the manner directed for the Recovery of Money expended in the Improvements of Entailed Estates, by an Adi palled the Tenth Year of the Reign zo G. j. c. jr. of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to encourage the Improvement of Lands 9 Tenements and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, held under the Settlements of flriff EnlaiT*

Dd 2	XVII. And

i(H

C.61.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.JS19

Rules fo{ Relief among Heirs of Entail.

Commissioners of Supply may borrow Money.

Interest at jl. per Cent, per Annum.

Committsfrdf Superintends ance may be appointed.

Passer and ResponsSbHity •f Magistrates to eontbue as before.

XVII.	And be it enacted, That the fame Rules of Relief among succeeding Heirs of Entail,. and their Heirs and their Succeflbrs, of the Claims for Debt, and of Preference in Competition of Rents, and in subjecting Defenders to the Payment of Cofte, shall take place with regard to Monies expended by the Proprietors of Entailed Eftates in Payment of Afleffments under this Aft, as are enacted by the laid Aft, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Monies expended by Proprietors of Entailed Estates, in making Improvements upon their Estates, for increasing the Rents and Value thereof.

XVIII.	And be it enacted, That such Commiflioners of Supply fiull have Power, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to borrow and take up at Interect, on the Security of the AflefTment hereby authorised to be levied, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge requisite for defraying the Share or Proportion of the Expence of improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Gaol, towards the Expence of which they may think fit to contribute ; or for improving, enlarging or rebuilding such Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry, as the case may be ; provided that the whole Amount 1 of the Money so borrowed shall not exceed such Sum as they shall have so resolved to contribute ; and it shall be lawful for such Com-jniffioners of Supply, and they are hereby empowered, to assign or make over -the Whole or any Part of the AfleiTment hereby authorised to be made, to any Perfon or Perfons willing to lend Money on the Security thereof, at a Rate not exceeding Five rounds Sterling per Centum per^Annum ; and every such Affignment shall be made and ^executed by the Clerk of Supply, being specially authorised to do so at a General Meeting of the Commimoners of Supply, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by him for that Purpose, which Book or Books may be seen and perused by any Perfon or JPerfons interested therein without Fee or Reward ; and all such Alignments so executed shall be transferable by Indorfement, duly fubferibed by the Party transferring, in the Prefence of One or more fubferibing Witnefs or Witnefles.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commiflioners of-Supply to appoint a Committee of their Number to superintend the Execution of any Work to which they may so contribute, or which they may so relolve to execute (as the case may be), and the proper Application of the Money contributed for that Purpofe.

XX.	And be it enacted, That when the Gaol of any Royal 'Burgh, to the. improving, enlarging or rebuilding of which. Aid shall have been afforded under this Aft, shall have been completed, and.with any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences therein, Khali be used for confining Debtors, Felons, Vagrants and other De-Gnquents, the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh wherein the fame shall be situated, and the Gaoler or Keeper, Gaolers or .Keepers of such Gaol shall be respectively answerable, to all Intents and rurpofes whatsoever, for the safe Cuftody of all such Perfons as 'fhall from time to time be committed to his or their Cuftody in such Gaol, in the like manner as any Magistrates and Town Council and the Gaolers employed by them now are by Law liable; and such 'Magiftrates and Council shall have the fame Power over such Gad jand the Gaolers and Keepers thereof, and the Debtors, Felons,

Vagrants

59o GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

C.tfJ.	.4QS

Vagrants and other Delinquents who (Ifall be confined therein, as they had in the Gaol before the fame shall have been improved, enlarged or rebuilt; and fnch Magistrates and Town Couneil, so soon as any such Gaol, so improved, enlarged or rebuilt shall be delivered over to them, shall be bound and obliged to keep and maintain the fame in good and sufficient Repair, from the Funds of the Burgh, in all time coining.

. XXL And be it further enacted. That if it shall be found necef- Prisoners may fary, for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Gaol he removed of any Royal Burgh now existing, that the Prifoners therein should ^v.°**^* be removed during the Period of Tuch Improvement, Enlargement or 3SL rebuilding, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates of the Burgh within which such Gaol is situated, to remove such Prisoner or Prifoners to any secure Place of Confinement within the laid Burgh, or to any other Gaol within the said County or Stewartry, until such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding shall be completed ; and it shall be lawful for all Perfons, legally authorised to commit other Debtors,

Felons and Delinquents, to commit them to the fame ; and when any such improved, enlarged or new Gaol shall be fit for the Reception of Priioners, it shall be. lawful for the Magistrates and Town

Council of the Burgh in which such improved, enlarged or new Gaol fhaD be situated, and the Keeper or Keepers of such Gaol* to' remove thereto all such Debtors, Felons and other Prifoners* as shall then be confined in such other secure Place of Confinement; and such Removal or Removals, and the Airings or Exercifing of the Prifoners who shall be confined in the improved, enlarged or new Gaol, in any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences thereunto belonging, shall not be deemed or taken to be an Efcape or Escapes: Provided always, That the Magistrates of such Burghs shall continue to*be-re-fponfible for the safe Cuftody of all such Debtors, Ffelons and' other Prifoners, during their Removal to or Confinement in such other secure Place of Confinement.

XXII.	And be it enacted. That if it shall be found necessary for the improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Common Gaol, within any County or Stewartry, not being the Gaol of a Royal Burgh, that the Prifoners therein should be removed during the Period* of such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for such County or Stewartry in General Sef-fions assembled, to direct the Removal of such Prifoners and for all Perfons legally authorised to commit other Debtors, Felons and Delinquents, to any secure Place of Confinement within such County or Stewartry, until such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding mall be completed ; and when any such improved, enlarged or new Gaol shall be fit for the Reception of Prifoners, it shall be lawful for such Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, to direct the Removal thereto of all such Debtors, Felons or other Prifoners as shall then be confuted in such secure Place of Confinement, and should by Law be confined in such Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry $ and such Removal and Removals, and the Airings and Exercifings of'the Prisoners who shall be confined in such improved,, enlarged or new Gaol, in any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences thereto belonging, shall not be deemed or taken to be an Efcape or Escapes; and the legal Refponfibility for the Safe Cuftody of all Perfons committed to fncb Gaol, and the Burden and Obligation to keep and maintain the

D d 3	fame

Majpstrates

continue.

PrifcMenmc/ be removed while Gaols or repairing, or rebuilding, in Cases where the same are not in Royal Burghs.

Responsibility ' tf Magistrate^ to continue.

‘A.D.1819.

4C«	C.61,6?.	50°	GEO.	III.

Appeal against Assessment.

Notice.

Final,

Limitation of Actions.

Public Act.

fame in food Condition, shall, after such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, be no ways altered thereby, or by any thing in this Aft contained.

XXIII* And be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Affeffment im-pofed by virtue of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for such Per-fori or Perfons, within Three Months after any such Afleffment shall have been demanded, but not afterwards, to appeal against the fame to the Juft ices of the Peace at the Quarter Seflions of the County or Stewartry wherein the subject Matter of the Complaint shall nave arisen ; giving Fourteen Days' Notice of such Appeal to the Collector of the Afieftment, and lodging with such Appeal a Bond, with sufficient Surety or Caution for fulfilling and implementing the Sentence to be pronouneed, and for paying such Expences as shall be awarded by the said Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised to determine the Matter in Difpute, and their Judgment shall be ex-cluiive of all other Jurifdiction, and shall be final and conclusive without being subject to Review in any Court whatsoever.

. XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Aftion or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Aft, after. Six Calendar Months from the time the Faft was committed or the Caufe of Aftion had occurred for which such Aftion or Suit shall be brought; and the Defender or Defenders in any such Aftion or Suit may produce this Aft,* and plead that the fame was done by Authority and in virtue thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Aftion or Suit shall be brought after the time hereby limited for bringing the fame, then and in such Cafe the Defender or Defenders shall be aflbilzied from such Aftion or Suit, and the Purfuer or Purfuers therein shall be found liable to pay the whole Expence of Procefs incurred by the Defender or Defenders.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this AQ shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXII.

SVrtotu desirous of the Benefits of this Act, to deposit their Rules

An Aft for the Proteftion of Banks for Savings in Scotland.

[id July 1819.3

4	HE REAS certain Inftitutions called Parifti Banks, or Banks

4 V\ ior Savings, have been eftabli(hed in Scotland, for the fafe

*	Cuftody and Increafe of (mail Savings, belonging to the induftrious

*	Clafles of His Majefty’s Subjests: And Whereas it is expedient to

*	give Proteftion to such Inftitutions as may be desirous of the fame,

*	and to the Funds thereby established, and to afford Encouragement 4 to the Formation of like InftitutionsMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thfit if any Number of Perfons shall be desirous of having the Benefit of the Pro-yifions of this Aft, and shall have formed or inall form any {nilimtxon in. sny Part of Scotland, for the purpose of receiving Depblitte df

Money

60° GEO, III:

CL 62,

407

iUX lB19w

Money for the Benefit of the Perfons depositing the fame, and of R«gu)a-

returning the Whole or any Pajt of such Deposit, and the Produce

thereof, to the Depofitors themselves, or to their Heirs, Executors, m*n

Affignees or other Perfons entitled thereto under the Provifions of

this Ad, deduding only out of such Produce so much as shall be

requifite for the Payment and Difcharge of the necessary Expences

attending the Management of such Inilitution, according to fuch

Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall or may be eftabliftied for that

Purpose; such Perfons shall cause the Rules, Urder3 and Regulations,

eftabliftied or to be eftabliftied for the Management of such Inftitu-

tion, to be entered, recorded and deposited m manner hereinafter di-

«&ed, and thereupon shall be deemed to be entitled to and shall have

the Benefit of the Provifions contained in this Ad.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such In- Rules to bt flkution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Ad, unless a writ- ghibitcd to ten or printed Copy of the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the

Man agement thereof, signed by Two of the Managers of such Inftitu- deposited; and tion, mail be exhibited to the Justices of the Peace a(Tembled at the when attested. Quarter Se(lions of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry within which entered in such Inilitution shall be situated; which Rules, Orders and ReguLa- J*00^9 °f ***• tkms shall be subject to the Review of such Justices, who shall and InstlUltlDn* may, after due Examination thereof, annul and make void such Part of the fame as shall be repugnant to this Ad, and shall allow and confirm the fame, or such Part thereof as shall be conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad ; and after the Confirmation as aforesaid of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Inilitution, the fame shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Justices, attesting their Approbation thereof; for which Attestation, and all the Ex- Fee to Clerk pence and Labour attending the fame, the said Clerk shall be entitled to charge the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and such Rules, Orders and Regulations so attested, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the said Justices, who is hereby specially required to receive andpreferve the fame among other the Records in his Cuf-tody, and to grant an attested Copy of the fame to the Perfon or Perfons by whom the fame shall have been exhibited, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in respect thereof; which Rules, Orders and Regulations so attested, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by such Inilitution; provided that nothing Rules, ft*. may herein contained shall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amende be altered, flee, ment of any such Rules, Orders and Regulations, deposited as aforesaid, or to the repealing or annulling of the fame, or of any of them, in whole or in part, or to the making of any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any such Inilitution, in such manner as shall be directed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations thereof; provided such new Rules, Orders and Regulations, or such Alterations or Amendments shall be entered in the Book or Books of the said Inilitution kept as aforesaid; and a written or a printed Copy thereof shall be exhibited, approved of, attested and deposited as aforesaid, before the fame shall be put in force.

III.	Provided alio, and be it further enacted, That the Perfons Persons depo-depofiting Money with any Inilitution taking the Benefit of this Adf siting Money to or their Heirs, Executors or other Perfons entitled thereto under the *JfTe ?e^ole -Provifions of this Ad, shall have the foie Benefit of such Depofits

and the Produce thereof, in the manner provided by the said Rules, Allowance for ~ • D d 4f	Orders	Salaries, &c.

i

408

C.62.

59« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Ruin binding after their Exhibition and Endow*.

Expence of Copies.

Receipts and Inues exempted from Stamp Duties#

Money and Effects of

I in ^Trustees#

Orders and Regulations; save only and except such Salaries and Allowances, or other necessary Expences, as shall, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, be specified for conducing such Inditution, and for Remuneration to Clerks and Servants employed in the Management thereof, exclusive of the Truftee or Trustees and other Perfons having Control and Direftion in the Management of such Inditution, who shall not directly or indirectly have any Salary, Allowance, Profit .or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, on account of such Control and Direction, beyond the aCtual Expences for the Purpofes of such Inditution.

‘IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations, from time to time made and in force for the Management of any Inditution taking the Benefit of this Adi, and duly exhibited, entered, approved of, atteded and deposited as aforesaid, shall be binding on the several Members and Trustees of such Inditution, and the several Depofitors therein, and their Reprefentatives and Perfons entitled as aforesaid, under the Provifions of this Aft, all of whom (had be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by the Entry and Depofit aforesaid ; and all such Rules, Orders and Regulations as aforesaid, or a certified Copy thereof, under the Hands of the Clerk of the said Judices, shall be received as Evidence in all Cases; and such Clerk shall be bound to fumi(h such Copies to all concerned, without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of making such Copy at the Rate of Sixpence for each and every Sheet thereof containing at lead Two hundred Words; and neither such Copy, nor any Receipt or Acknowledgment granted to any Depofitor or Depofitors, at the time of making any Depofit in any Inditution taking the Benefit of this Aft, or granted by any such Depofitor or Depofitors, or their Heirs, Executors or other Perfons entitled as aforesaid under the Provifions of this Aft, at the time of drawing out his, her or their Share or Shares in the Funds of the Inditution, or any Part thereof, shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever#

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Money, Goods and Efiefts whatever, and all Securities for Money or other obligatory Inftru-ments, and all Rights or Claims belonging to any Inditution taking the Benefit of this Aft, shall be vested in such Perfon or Perfons as shall be appointed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of the Inditution, Trudee or Trudees for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of such Inditution and the respective Depofitors therein, and the Jleirs, Executors or Perfons entitled under the Provifions of this Aft, according to their respective Claims and IntereiU ; and after the Death, Refignation or Removal of any such Trudee or Trustees, the fame shall vest in their Succefiors in Office by virtue of their Appointment as such, and for the fame Ufes and Purposes, and subject to the fame Truds, without any Affignation or Conveyance whatever; and such Trudee or Trudees shall and may, in all Cafes concerning the Property, Rights or Claims aforesaid of such Inditution, sue and be sued in their proper Name or Names, as Trudee or Trudees of such Inditution, without any other Description; and no such Aftion or Caufe shall be difeontinued by the Death of such Perfon or Perfons, or by his or their Removal from the Office of Trudee or Trudees, or againd the succeeding Trudee or Trudees as aforesaid, but the fanat shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding TYuftee or

Truftees

A.D. 1819*	59* GEO. IIL	C.62.

Trustees as aforesaid, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding; declaring always, that no Securities for Money or other obligatory Inftruments belonging to or granted for or in respect of any such Institution, and no Proceedings in any Aftion or Caufe touching or concerning the Property, Rights or Claims of any such Inftitution, shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever; and that no Advertifement m any Newfpaper, relative to any such Inftitution, shall be chargeable with any Duty to Government.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if the Rules and Regulations of any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Aft, shall require any Bond, Obligation or Security to be given to the Trustees or Managers, by the Treasurer or any other Officer of such Inftitution, such Bond or other Security, or any Extraft thereof, or any Power of Attorney relative thereto, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon entitled to Money in any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Aft, shall be defirou8 of bequeathing his or her Share or Intereft therein, or any Part thereof, he or (he shall effectually carry his or her Intention into execution, by subscribing any Holograph Writing exprefiive of such Intention, and if not Holograph, but in the Hand Writing of some other Perfon, then by fublcribing thereto his or her Name, or by exhibiting thereto his or her Mark, in the Prefence of Two credible Witnestes, by whom also such Writing shall be subscribed as Witneffee; and the TVuftee or Trustees, and all other Perfons appointed or to be appointed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of any such Inftitution, and in virtue of such Appointment, having' Control and Direftion in the Management of the Funds thereof, are hereby fpedally required to give full Effeft to every such Writing Holograph, of so subscribed and witnefTed as aforesaid, by paying or otherwise disposing of any such Share or Intereft as aforesaid, or any Part thereof thereby bequeathed, in the Manner therein dirested, and by taking for the fame the Receipt or Difcharge of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to such Bequest, without any Confirmation being obtained from the Conuniffary Court, provided the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Confirmation being obtained from the Commiflary Court when the Sum shall exceed Twenty Pounds, in the Manner directed by an Aft pafTed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to repeal the several Duties under the Commi/fioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper9 in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; provided always, that no Stamp Duty or Legacy Duty shall be charged for or in respect of any Receipt granted for any Sum bequeathed by any such Writing as aforesaid, where the Amount shall not exceed Fifty Pounds.

. VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Perfon entitled to any Sum of Money deposited with any Inftitution taking the Benefit of tins Aft, shall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money deposited with such Inftitution, or any Dividends or Intereft due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her Death, and not disposed of as aforesaid, and in case no Settlement thereof shall bq exhibited to the Managers of such Inftitution within Six Calendar Months after the Deceafe of any such Perfon, nor 'any Claim made

bT

♦OS

Securities for Money, &e. exempt from Stamp Duty.

Bond, &c. not charged with Stamp Duty.

How Depositors may be-

Confirmatiou to be obtained from the Commissary Court where the Sum exceeds acL

44 G. 3. c. pit' I**

If Sum not more than joL no Duty.

Shares to go to legal Representatives if not bequeathed.

Disputes submitted to the Sheriff who shall determine therein.

Dtdricm final*

53 G.3. c.4.

54 O.5. e.i6i*

55 0.3. c. xS6.

C.6J, 63.	59° GEO. III.	A.D. 1819.

by any Perfon or Perfons (hewing a better Title thereto, the fame shall be paid over to such Representative or Representatives of fuch-Perfon so dying, as shall be entitled thereto by the ordinary Rules of Law regulating Sncceffion in Scotland; and that without any Confirmation being obtained from the Commiflary Court, provided the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes not provided for by the Rules and Regulations of any Inilitution taking the Benefit of this Ad, where any Matter of Difpute shall arise among the Managers, or other Members as aforesaid, of any such Inilitution, or of any Perfons acting under them, and any Individual Depofitor therein, or any Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceaied Depofitor, or any Perfon claiming to be such Executor, .Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in such Cafe such Matter of Difpute shall be submitted to the Sheriff or Stewart or his Subftitute of the Shire or Stewartry within which such Inilitution is Situated, for his Decifion; whereupon the said Sheriff or Stewart or his Subftitute shall be bound to decide forthwith, and his Decifion shall be final and conclofive and binding on all Parties, and in no case whatever shall it be competent to bring, such Decifion under the Review of any Court of Law whatever, by Appeal, • Sufpension, Advocation, Redudion or any other Form of Procefs ; and no Bond, Receipt or Difcharge for or m respect of any Sum of Money paid upon such Reference or in consequence of such Decifion, shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

CAP. LXIII.

An ABt to explain an Ad passed in the Fifty fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for purchasing an Eftate for the Duke of Wellington.	[2d July 1819.}

WHEREAS an Ad was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for granting 4 a Sum of Money for purchasing an EJlatefor the Marquis ©/'Wellington 4 and hit Heirs 9 tn conjideration of the eminent andfignalServicesperformed 1 by the feud Marquu of Wellington to His Majcjly and the Public: 4 And Whereas another Ad was passed in the fifty fourth Year of * the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS settling and 4 securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and bis Heirs9 4 and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners 4 of the Treasury to advance, out of the Confolidated Fund of Great 4 Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purebafe an * EJlate in order to accompany the said Title9 in con/ideration of the 4 eminent andjignal Services performed by the feud Duke of Wellington € to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provsfon he Dijpofal of a Sum of Money granted by an AB of the lafi 4 Seffton of Parliament 9 for purchafingan EJlate for the said Du£e9 4 then Marquis of Wellington : And Whereas another Ad was passed • in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majefty9 4 intituled An AB for granting an addittonal Sum of Monty for pro-4 vidmg a suitable Rejtdencc and EJlate for the Duke of Wellington 4 and hit Heirs, in con/ideration of the eminent and Jignal Service* „	4	performed

A.D.1819#

to* geo* nr.

411

C. 63, 64*

*	performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the Public: And

*	Whereas the Trustees under the said recited Ads are'authorifed by

*	the said first recited Ad to by out the Sum of One hundred 4 thousand Pounds, granted by the said first recited A A, in Exchequet

*	Bills or other Government Securities, and from time to time to pay

*	the Intereft anting therefrom to His Grace the Duke of Wellington,

4 or the Perfon entitled thereto for the time being: And Whereas 4 the Annuity granted by the said recited Ad of the Fifty fourth

*	Year aforesaid is also made payable to the said Duke of Wellington,

4 or the Perfon entitled thereto for the time being, under the Pro-

*	vifions of the said A61: And Whereas the Trustees under the said.

4 recited Ads are by the said last recited A61 of the Fifty fifth Year

*	aforefaid empowered to by out the Sum of Two hundred thousand 4 Pounds granted by the said Ad, or such Part thereof as may not 4 be immediately applied in the building, providing or purchasing any 4 Refidence or Eftate under the said A61, in Exchequer Bills, or

*	in any other Government Securities bearing Interect, until the fame 4 can be invested in any such Purchafe as is directed by the said 4 recited Ads ; but no Provifion is contained in the said Ad in 4 relation to the Application of the Intereft which has arisen or may

*	from time to time arise from any such Exchequer Bills or Govern-4 ment Securities, and Doubts have thereupon arisen whether the 4 Trustees are empowered to pay the fame to the Duke of Wellington*

4 or the Perfon entitled for the time being, in like manner as is 4 directed by the said Two first recited Ads in rebtion to the 4 Intereft of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds granted 4 by the first recited Ad, and the Annuity granted by the said 4 recited Ad of the Fifty.fourth Year aforesaid; and it is therefore 4 expedient that such Doubts should be removedBe it therefore declared and enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and ,	,

by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees tntertst arising under the said recited Ads, and they are hereby etqpowered and from Bxche* authorised, to pay all Arrears of Intereft which may have arifen^ quer Bills or and all Intereft which may hereafter accrue and arise from any

Exchequer Bills or Government Securities purchased with the said Snm Qf Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the the ioo,oooL said Duke of Wellington, or the Perfon for the time being entitled granted by under the said Ads to the Eftate to be purchased under the Provifion "55 G.3. c. 186. thereof, or to apply the fame in such manner from time to time as J?

shall be directed by the said Duke of Wellington, or such other Perfon ^eMlnirton, as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as if such Intereft had beqn or applied by made payable to the said Duke of Wellington, or such Perfon as the Trustees aforesaid, with the Intereft of the said Sum of One hundred thousand « be shall Pounds, and the Annuity granted by the said first recited Ads; any direct, thing in the said last recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.	.	:	'

An Ad to facilitate Proceedings against the Warden of The Fleety in Vacation.	[ad	July	1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS by the Pradice of His Majefty’s Courts of .

4 VV Common Pleas and Exchequer at Wf/hhin/ler, and also by	*

* reafoh of the Enadment macb m the Twelfth Sedion of the	•	*

4 Statute

IIS

8 4 9W.3, <•17. |ia.

C. 64, 65.

5S* GEO. III.

jLD. 1819.

Bill may be filed against the Warden of the Fleet, in Vacation.

Memorandum of the time of

a and re-g such Bill to be

*	Statute made ahd ptffied in the Eighth aqd Ninth Years of the

*	Reign of His late Majesty King JViliiam the Third, Chapter

*	twenty {even, no Proceedings can be commenced in the time of 4 Vacation, at the Suit of any Perfon or Perfons, again ft the Warden < of His Majefty’s Prifon of The Fleets for or in respect of the Efcape 4 of any Prffoner or Prifoners from and out of his Cuftody : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Law and the Praftice of the said 4 Courts should be altered in this respect Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be 'lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, having Caufe or Caufes of Action against the Warden of the said Prifon, for or in respect of the Efcape of any Perfon or Perfons in his Cuftody, from and out of the said Cuftody, to commence his or their A ft ion against the said Wardea by filing his or their Bill against the said Warden, at any time is Vacation, in the Office of the Prothonotaries of the said Court of Common Pleas, or with the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas iB the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, for or in respect of such Escape, and to entitle such Bill as of the preceding Term, a Copy of which said Bill so filed shall, within Twenty four Hours after the filing thereof, unless a Sunday or Public Holiday intervene, and in that Cafe on the Day next after such Sunday or Public Holiday, be delivered to the said Warden or his Deputy, or to the Turnkey or Porter of the said Prifon; and the said Warden shall appear and plead to the said Bill within the first Four Days of the following Term, otherwise it shall be lawful for such Perfon or Perfons, having such Caufe or Caufes of Aftion as aforesaid, to sign Judgment against the said Warden in such Aftion; and for the better afeertaraing, as well the time of filing such Bill, as of delivering such Copy thereof as aforesaid, the proper Officer of the Court in which such Bill shall be filed, or his lawful Deputy, shall and he is hereby dirested, at the time of filing such Bill, to indorse upon the fame a Memorandum of the time of filing such Bill; and the said Warden or his Deputy, or the Turnkey or Porter of the said Prifon shall, and he is hereby dirested, at the time of receiving such Copy of the said BOl, to indorse upon such Copy a Memorandum of the time of receiving such Copy as aforesaid.

A Sum not cx-ctediim i$L for every Ticket dull be divided into Prises, end paid out of Suppliesgranted tkfaSeseon.

CAP. LXV.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.	[2d	July 1819.]

[This AS is the fame as 58 G. 3. r. 71. except as to Dates and tbeSe&m that are here inserted.']

III. AND be it further enacted. That such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Fifteen Pounds for every Ticket to be contained in the said Lottery or Lotteries, as shall be fixed 'upon for the Purpofe by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be distributed in Prizes or Benefits to be drawn'in the (aid Lottery or Lotteries, or allotted to the Owner or Owners of any First or Laft drawn Ticket or Tickets, v	or

JLD.I81&

A 9* GEO. Ill*

a 65:



or of anyTicket or Tickets to be drawn between the First and Laft m a fixed Prize or sized Prizes, on any particular Day or Days, in fiich Proportions and in fucb'Manner as the faid«Commiffioners or any Three or more of them shall dire ft ; and the fame shall be charged upon and be paid and payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this present Seffion of Parliament for Great Britain ; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and authorifod, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of the said Aids or Supplies to the Chief Caihier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to be by him distributed and paid to and amongfk the respective Proprietors of the several Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, within Two Months after the Conclufion of the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, or as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the fame, in the manner hereinafter dire ft ed*

4 IV. And Whereas it may be expedient for the Public Service that 4 Annuities in some of the Public Funds may be given as Prizes in • the Place of Money ;* Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or	.

more of them, to authorise and empower the Commissioners for the f^*^rilllf Redemption of the National Debt to appropriate such a Sum, in fn lieu of Annuities, in any of the Public Funds ft an ding in their Names in Money, the Books of the Bank of England as will be equal to the whole or	*♦

such Part of the Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds per Ticket to be distributed in Prizes as hereinbefore mentioned, as the Con* traftor or Contraftors for any Lottery or Lotteries shall request to be given in Stock in the place of Money, which Stock shall be estimated at the mean Price the fame Funds or Annuities shall have been fold at the Bank of England on the last Day of felling the fame previous to the time or times of making such Contraft or Contracts, or of the Day of Approval by the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the Scheme of any Lottery, and shall be transferred to the Holders of the Tickets entitled thereto by the said last mentioned 'Commiffioners, at such times and by authority of such Certificates as are hereinafter mentioned and described; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall account for the Money retained in lieu of the Stock with the other Money raised for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or shall order such a Sum of Money to be paid to the said Commissioners for Redemption of the National Debt, out of the Sums raised by Sale of Lottery Tickets, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as will be fuffident to buy the fame Amount in Stock as shall have been appropriated for the Prizes before mentioned, or shall cause an Amount of Annuities equal to the Annuities so appropriated to be purchased for or transfoned to the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, within One Month after such Appropriation.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon Licensed Per-and Perfons to whom such last mentioned Licence or Licences shall wm m Ovens be granted in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, pursuant to this	^	^

Aft, shall, before the Drawing begins, deposit at the Office or Place to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned by the Commiffionea sham a cer*

of tain Number



41#

C.€3

■?9° GEO, III.

A.D. 1819.

ef Tickets in each of the Lotteries, o*J

be void, &c.

. - .1

Tenons to whom Licences are granted to give Security by Bond*

of-Stamp Duties In England and Ireland respectively, and . divide mta Shares, One hundred and twenty whole undrawn Tickets in each of die Lotteries eftablihed as aforesaid, for such Licence granted - to him, her or them, if only One such Licence be granted, and if Two or more such Licences t>e granted to the fame Perfon or Perfons, then and in that Cafe he, she or they shall, before the Drawing begins, deposit at the Office aforesaid, and divide into Shares, One hundred Tickets for each such Licence, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, in England, or One hundred such Tickets in Ireland, when the Lottery mall consist of Twenty thousand Tickets Of upwards, and so in proportion for any fmalier Number ; and every filch Licence, for which no such respective Depofit shall be made; Stall be void and of no Effeft ; and every Perfon acting under any iwch Licence, in any of the Matters therein contained, after such Default made, shall be adjudged and considered in every respect as an unlicensed Perfon ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England and Ireland respectively, and they are hereby required upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Defcription of the Offices of such Perfon or Perfons making such Default as aforesaid, in the London or Dublin Gazette respectively, and declare therein the time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the time of such Publication.

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That every Perfon to whom any such Licence shall be granted shall personally appear before the (aid Commissioners of Stamps in England or Ireland respectively, or such Perfon or Perfons as they shall respectively appoint, and shall then and there, at the time of granting such Licence or Licences, with One other responsible Perfon to be approved by the said Com*-miffioners before mentioned respectively, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiors, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds ; and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Perfon or Perfons so to be licensed (haU during the Term of such Licence well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provifions of this Aft, and shall not offend again ft the fame, and 4hall have duly paid and discharged the proportionate Amount of all such Shares of Fortunate Tiekets divided and (hared by fuc^ Perfon or Perfons so licensed as aforesaid, as shall have been presented fbr Payment, and demanded at the House or Place named in the said ‘Licence, to the Satisfaftion of the said Commissioners of Stamps, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effest; and the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take inch Bond ; and if at the End of Twelve Calendar Months after the 'Expiration of the time for which such Licence shall be granted, it 4hall appear to the Satisfaftion of the said respective Commissioners *f Stamps, that such Perfon or Perfons so licensed hath or have, ‘during the Term of such Licence, well and truly kept, fulfilled anfl performed the Condition of such Bond, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelied, or otherwise, at their Difcretion, cause -every such Bond to be put in Suit; and any Sum which shall be recovered thereupon shall be applied in or towards Payment of any JHtpaid or undifenarged Shares of such licensed Perfon mentioned in dbc said Bond, and the Surplus thereof shall be applied as the fagl

Commiffioners

53° GEO-III.

C. 65*

«U

Commissioners of Hit Majefty's Treasury or any TKre? or more of them may direct or appoint: Provided always, tnat it shall be lawful for the laid Comnumoners of Stamps in Ireland to nominate and appoint some Perfon in England (being an Officer under the Com-tniffioners of Stamps, or Managers and Dire&ors of the Lottery in England) y before whom any Perfon requiring a Licence for Ireland may appear personally, and execute the Bond hereinbefore mentioned, and do and perform all other things necessary for obtaining the fame : Provided always, that if any Perfon shall have been appointed for this Service under any former Ad, it ikatt be considered as a valid Appointment under this Ad, until the Commissioners of Stamps shall think fit to revoke the fame, or appoint some other Perfon for the Purpofes aforesaid.

* XXXV. And Whereas many evil disposed Perfons, to evade the

*	Provifions of the Ads made to punish Perfons guilty of insuring 4 for or agasnft the Drawing of Tickets, more particularly defcribeu

*	in this Ad, have empowered and authorised, and do empower and 4 avtthorife Agents for them to take Money for such illegal Contracts, ■ and have in their Cuftody or PofTeffion, Account or Accounts,

*	Statement or Statements, Memorandum or Memorandums in Writing 4 of such illegal Contrads entered intoBe it therefore enadeo.

That upon Information upon Oath made before any Magiftrate Or Lottery In-Juftice of the Peace, dating any Perfon to be a reputed Lottery surer* in whoso lnsurer, and in t|ie Opinion of the Informer to be in pofTeffion of	.

Books, Papers of* Memorandums of illegal Contrads entered into relating to Lottery Infurances, it shall be lawful for, and such ar6 found, Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to issue his shall be punish-Warrant, directed to a Constable or Officer of Police, to empower edss Revues him with proper Affiftance to search the Perfon of the (aid reputed Vagabonds. Lottery lnsurer, to enter the Dwelling Place and Premifes of such Perfon, and search for and seize all such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums ; and if any such be found either upon such or any other'

•Perfon or Perfons in the fame Dwelling Place, or in or about the fame Dwelling Place or Premises, or if any Memorandums of Infurance in the Lottery or Little Goe should be found at the time of ‘ such Search, written in Chalk or otherwise upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, then to apprehend and bring the said Perfon or Perfonsagainft whom such Warrant shall have been issued, with such Perfon or Perfons upon whom such Lottery or Little Goe Infurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them by Two credible Witnefles upon Oath that such Papers, Accounts or * Memorandums do appear to the best of their Knowledge and Belief ' to relate to the Little Goe, or to Infurance in the Lottery or in ' the Little Goe, or upon Proof in like manner that such Memorandums were written in Chalk or otherwise on or about the Pramifes of the Perfon against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, which could not be brought away without injuring the Premises, such Perfon or Perfons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and puniflied as such.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing of Information any Cafe before any Magiftrate*, where it shall be imputed that any on Oath not Perfon or Perfons is or are become Rogue and- Vagabond, or Rogues and Va^abqpds, by the committing of any Offence jlefaribed

416

£.65.

5B° GEO. III.

A.D; 1819.

On Complaint on Oath of Offences against this Act whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorise Per-sons to break open Houses,

Persona die* covered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Trans-uctio&s, to be punished aa Rogues.

Penalty on

aiiucting

Officers.

ft7 Os J. c. X. 4* 0. J. c. XX9*

in this Ad, H shall not be permitted to produce any Information upon Oath, whether the fame shall have been filed or not.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Inform* ation made upon Oath, before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against this Ad in any House or Place within the Jurifdidion of any Juftice or Juft ices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Puniftiment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Juftice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if . he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower any Perfon or Perfons, by Day or by Night, but if in-the Night Time then in the Prefence of a Con liable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting therein, to break open the Doors or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence (haH have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Perfons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been anywise concerned with any such Offender or Offenders, in committing any such Offence, and to convey them before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein such Perfon shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and alt Perfons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting or in anywise concerned with such Offender or Offenders, in carrying on any Tranfadion respecting the said Lotteries or either of them, contrary to the express Prp-vifions of this Ad, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punilhable as such in the Manner directed by this Ad, as the Cafe may require; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers •having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Perfons acting in his or their Aid or Affistance, to flop, arrest and detain all and every the Perfon and Perfons so discovered in such House or Place, tod to convey the said Perfon or Perfons before such Juftice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Amstance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining or conveying before such Juftice or Juftkes any such Offender or Offenders, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, every such Perfon so obstructing, opposing, molesting or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the public Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender Audi be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned and publicly whipped, as iu their Difcrction shall be thought fit.

4 LVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether under and by 4 former Ads passed from time to time, for granting to Pus 4 Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, ana the Ads 4 commonly called Little Got A81 of the Twenty seventh Year of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to render more effeSual the Laws now in being for fopprefling unlawful Lotteries, and of the Forty second Year of His* present Majesty, intituled An A8 to f^fPrefs certain (pomes and. Lotteries, not authored so Law, the Wsgd

44 Place**

AD. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 65.

417

•	u Place” mentioned in the said Ads respectively was meant to

*	defcribe any Place used for the purpose of drawing the illegal ‘ Lottery called Little Got, or for Purpofes of Infurance in the Lot-

•	tenr or Little Goe, or in anywise relating thereto, be the fame an

*	inclofed Building or notit is therefore hereby declared and enacted, That the Word 44 Place,” when and where the fame is mentioned and used in this and the said federal above recited A&s relating to the drawing of the said illegal Lottery called Little Goes or the assembling of Perfons for any of the illegal Purpofes mentioned therein, or for the purpose of Little Goe or Lottery Infurance, shall be taken to extend to and mean any Place in or out of an inclosed Building or Premises, whether upon Land or Water, where such illegal Pra&i ces, or any thing relating thereto, shall be carried on or attempted to be carried on.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall be brought before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Cky, Liberty or Place where any Offence against this A61 shall have been committed, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this A€t by such Justices, and shall be adjudged a Rogue and Vagabond, then and in every such Cafe such Justices shall and they are hereby required to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, but which Terms of Imprifonment shall always be to a Day or time beyond the final Period of the Drawing of the Lottery in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed; and if such Penon shall have been convicted of a like Offence under this or any former AGt for granting to His Majesty any Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, then and in that Cafe, in addition to the Imprifonment and Punifhment last mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Two or more Justices as aforesaid, at their Difcretion, to order the Offender or Offenders to be privately whipped; and any such Adjudication or Conviction under this A61 may be in the Form following, mutatis mutandis, (that is to fay).

'Hie Word * PI**” in-tended to mean, any Place whatever.

Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabond* may be com-

*^2“ | To the Keeper of

*	TX^HEREAS A. B. of	in the County of Mid-

4	dlefexy	is	this	Day duly convicted before us, C. D. and

‘ E. F. Two of the Justices of our Lord the King aifigned to

*	keep the Peace of our said Lord the King in ana for the said 4 County, and also to hear and determine divers Feionics, Trefpasses, 4 add other Mifdemeanors committed within the said County, for

*	that he the said A. B. at	in	the

4 (aid County, on the	Day	t>f

4 \Jlate the Offence'] against the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty 4 ninth Year of the Keign of our.said Lord the Kang, intituled An 4 A3 for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to he raised by Lot-4 teriei / and the said A. B. having for such Offence been adjudged a

*	Rogue and Vagabond by us the said Justices within the Intent and

4 Meaning of the said Statute, we do order that the said A. B. be 4 committed, and the said A. B, is hereby by us accordingly com-4 mitted to the House of Corre&ion at	•	-

*	in and for the said County of Middlesex, there to remain for the

*	Space of	now	next

59 Geo. III.	Ee	4 ensuing:

418

A.D. 1819.

Proceedings not removable by Certiorari.

4* O.3. c. 73.

No Child to be employed in Cotton spinning, ftc. under Nine Yean of Age.

No Person under Sixteen Yean of Age, to be employed snore than it Hours.

Hours of Meal time.

Time to be made up by accidental Intermission after the Rate of an additional Hour per Day.

Ceilings, Ac. cleansed Twice a Year.

C.65,60.	59*	GEO,	III,

*	enfuing : And we do hereby require the Keeper of the £aid Houfe

*	of Correftion to receive into his Cuftody the Body of the said A. B. 4 herewith sent, and him to safely keep and detain in the said Houfe

*	of Correftion accordingly. Given under our Hands and Seals, et 4 cetera, et cetera.’

And such Proceedings shall not be subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise into any Court whatever.

CAP. LXVL An Aft to make further ProviGons for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Fastories, and for the better Prefervation of the Health of young Perfons employed therein. [2d July 1819.3

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the 4 Prefervation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed 4 in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Fadories: And 4 Whereas it is expedient that some further Provifion should be made 4 for the Regulation of Mills, Manufaftories and Buildings, employed 4 in the Preparation and spinning of Cotton WoolBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Child shall be employed in any Defcription of Work, for the spinning of Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in any previous Preparation of such Wool, until he or (he shall have attained the full Age of Nine Years.

II.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, shall be employed in any Defcription of Work whatsoever, in (pinning Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in the previous Preparation of nich Wool, or in the cleaning or repairing of any Mill, Manufaftory or Building, or any Mulwork or Machinery therein, for more than Twelve Hours in any one Day, exduGve of the necefiary time for Meals; such Twelve Hours to be between the Hours of Five o’Clock in the Morning and Nine o’Clock in the Evening.

III.	And be it further enacted. That there shall be allowed to every such Perfon, in the course of every Day, not less than Half an Hour to Breakfaft, and not less than One full Hour for Dinner; such Hour for Dinner to be between the Hours of Eleven o’Clock in Forenoon and Two o’Clock in the Afternoon.

IV.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That if at any time, in any such Mill, Manufaftory or Buildings as are situated upon Streams of Water, time shall be loft in consequence of the Want of a due Supply, or of an Excefs of Water, then and in every such Cafe, and so often as the fame shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of any such Mill, Manufaftory or Building, to extend the before mentioned time of daily Labour, after the Rate of one additional Hour per Day, until such loft time shall have been made good, but no longer.

V.	Ana be it further enacted. That the Ceilings and interior Walls of every such Mill, Manufaftory or Building shall be wa(hed with Quick Lime and Water Twice in every Year.

VI. And

AJX1819.

59pGEO.HL

419

C.66, 67.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in a conspicuous Part of every Publication of such Mill, Manufadory or Building, a Copy of this Ad, or a full this Ad in and true Abftrad of the Regulations provided hereby, shall be hung ev^7 Cotton up and affixed, and signed by the Proprietors, Manager or Overfeer

of such Mill, Manufadory or Building; and that such Copy or Abftrad shall be kept and renewed, so that the fame shall be at all times legible.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Mailer or Miftrefs of Acting con-any such Cotton Mill, Manufadory or Building, who shall wilfully ad tTWrJ10 Act* contrary to or offend against any of the Provi(ions of this Ad, or any

of the Provifions of the above recited Ad, shall for every fucn

Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty rounds, Penalty.

nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Justices before*

whom such Offender (hall-be convicted ; One Half whereof shall be Application of

paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overseers of the Penalties. a

Poor in England, to the Churchwardens in Ireland, and to the

Miniftm and Elders in Scotland, of the Parifh or Place where fuch

Offence shall be committed; to be by them applied in aid of the

Poor Rate in England, and for the Benefit of the Poor in Ireland and

Scotland, of such Parifh or Place: Provided always, that all Inform- Limitation of

atioos for Offences against the said recited Ad or this Ad, shall be Actions.

laid within Three Calendar Months subsequently to the Offence being

committed, and not after the Expiration of such Three Calendar

Months: Provided also, that all Penalties inflicted by this Ad (hall

be levied, recovered and applied in manner directed by the said recited

Ad.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed and Public Act taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXVII.

An Ad to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thou*

(and eight hundred and twenty, an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Iflands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope.

[2d July 1819.]

4 1X7HEREAS an Ad was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of 54 G* 3* «• 184. ‘ W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Afffor the i effeBual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the 1 Colonial Revenues in the Iflands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta and 4 Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for 4 Ftve Tears : And Whereas it is provided by the said recited Ad, 5 is.

4 that the said Ad should continue in force for Five Years, and no 4 longer: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and 4 Authorities conferred by the said recited Ad should be further • continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembkdj and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Ad and all' Recited Act the Powers therein contained, shall continue and be in force from the- continued;

Ee 2	Thirtieth

20	C. 67,68,69.	59°	GEO. IH.	A.D.	1819.

Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

‘ II. And Whereas by virtue of the laid recited Ad, Edmund + Henry Lu/hington, Edmund Bong, <ommonW called the Honourable 4 Edmund Byng, and Culling Charles Smith Enquires, were, by Letters 4 Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing '* date the Twenty first Day of January in the Fifty eighth Year

*	of the Reign of His present Majesty, appointed Commissioners for ( the purpose of examining the Accounts a/oresaid: And Whereas a 4 Secretary and other Officers, Clerks and other Perfons have alfo

*	been appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s

*	Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 pursuant to the said Ad, to aid and assist the Commissioners:

*	And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities with . 4 which the laid Commissioners ate mveiled under the (aid recited

4 Ad and the said Letters Patent fhouid be continued so long as and also the 4 the (aid recited Ad shall continue and be in force ;* Be it further Appointment of enacted, That the said Letters Patent, and all other Appointments .wTnl£lH*1* *nad® in pursuance of the said recked Ad, shall be of the fame Force and Effed as if it had been enacted by the said recited Ad that it should continue in force until the Twentieth Day of July One ’ thousand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIIL An Ad for exonerating the Manor of Daivli/b in the County of Devon, from the ClAms of the Crown agaiqft the Eftate of John Inglett Fortefcue Efquire.	[ad	July	1819.]

44 13 Eliz. c.4. 25 G. 3. c. 35. recited. The Manor of Davuhjh, “ &c. exonerated from the Churns of the Crown against the Eftate 44 of John Inglett Fortefcue.

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad to prevent the enliftingor Engagement of His Majefty’s Subjeds to serve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majefty’s Dominions, Veflels for Warlike Purposes, without His Majefty’s Licence. [3d July 1819.]

4 TT 7 HE REAS the Enliftment or Engagement of His Majefty’s 4 W Subjeds to serve in War in Foreign Service, without His 4 Majefty’s Licence, and the fitting out and equipping and arming of 4 Vefiek by His Majefty’s Subjeds, without His Majefty’s Licence,

4 for Warlike Operations in or against the Dominions or Territories 4 of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate or Perfons exercising or 4 assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any 4 Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province, or 4 against the Ships, Goods or Merchandife of any Foreign Prince,

4 State, Potentate or Perfons as aforesaid, or their Subjeds, may be 4 prejudicial to and tend to endanger the Peace and Welfare of this 4 Kingdom: And Whereas the Laws in force are not fufficieatly 4 effectual for preventing the fame:’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pigfcnt Parliament aflemMed, and by the Authority of 'the Dune, That from

md I

!

AD. 1819.	£9*	GEO.	IIL	C	69.	421

9	G.t. c 3<\.

»9 G. a. o. 17.

and after the paffinjg of this Aft, an Aft passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Hit late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS to prevent the HJEng Hie Majeftft SubjeSs to serve at Soldiers without Jits Majefy'jt Licence t and alio an A ft passed in the Twenty

19 G. %. (I.)

Subjects enlist-ingor engaging to enlist or serve in Foreign Service, military or naval.

Imgf and tor better enforcing ,-,

m	the Ninth	Tear of Hit present Manejty’t Reign to prevent the eniijting

Hit Majejbft	StMeBtto serve at Solaitrt without Hit Maje/bft Licence ;

and 1 for obliging such of His Madefy's SubjeSs as JbaU accept Commiflions k tie Scotch brigade in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration ; and also an Ad passed in Ireland in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Hit said n G. a, (I.) late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A8 for the more effcSual preventing the en&fHng of His Mayfly's SubjeSs to serve as Soldiers in Foreign Service without His Men Ay's Licence ; and also an Ad passed in Ireland in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His hid late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the more ffeEtual preventing His Msycjly's Subjeffs from entering into Foreign Service, andfor pubG/hing an A3 ofthe Seventh Tear of King William the Third, mtthded1 An A3 to prevent Foreign Education f and all and every the Claufes and Proviiions in the (aid several Afts contained, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed*.

II.	And be it furtner declared and enafted* That if any natural bom Subjeft of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, without the Leave or Licence of His Majesty,. His Heirs or Succefiore, for that Purpofe first had and obtained* under^ the Sign Manual of Hit Majesty, His Heirs or. Succeflbrs,^ or 'fignified by Order in Couneil, or by Proclamation of His Majefty* His Heirs or Sue-ceffort, shall take or accept, or. shall agree to take or accept, any Military Commission, or shall otherwise enter into the Military Service as a Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer, or shall enlirc dr enter himself to enlist, or shall agre£ to enlist or to enter hhnfelf to serve as a Soldier, or to be employed or shall (erve in any Warlike or Military Operation, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or Perfons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer or Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity ; or if any natural born Subjeft of His Majesty shall, without iuen Leave or Licence as aforesaid, accept, or agree to take or accept, any Commission, Warrant or Appointment as an Officer, or shall enlist or enter himself, or shall agree to enlist or enter himself, to serve as a Sailor or Marine, or to be employed or engaged, or shall serve in and on board any Ship or Veffel of War, or in and on board any Ship or Veflel used or fitted out, or equipped or intended to be uled for any Warlike Purpose, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Power, Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or Perfons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part* of any Province or People 5 or if any natural born Subjeft of His Msyefty shall, without such Leave and Licence as aforesaid, engage, contraft or agree to go, or shall go

EeS	to

Accepting-

Commis-

■ion, Ac.

Engaging to gor or going into Foreign Countries with in-

422

C. 69*

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

tent to ei*.	to any Foreign State, Country, Colony, Province or Part of any

list, &c.	Province, or to any Place beyond the Seas, with an intent or in

order to enlist or enter himfeif to serve, or with intent to serve in any Warlike or Military Operation whatever, whether by Land or by Sea, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Perfon or Perfons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer or a Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity, or as an Officer or Sailor, or Marine, in any such Ship or Veffel as aforesaid, although no enlisting Money or ray or Reward shall have been or shall be in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid actually paid to or received by him, or by any Perfon to or for his Retaining or Ufe or Benefit; or if any Perfon whatever, within the United pr^go*exs Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any Part of His Majesty *8 to enlist, c. Dominions elsewhere, or in any Country, Colony, Settlement, island or Place belonging to or subject to His Majesty, shall hire, retain, engage or procure, or shall attempt or endeavour to hire, retain, engage or procure, any Perfon or Perfons whatever to enlist, or to enter or engage to enhft, or to serve or to be employed in any such Service or Employment as aforesaid, as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, either in Land or Sea Service, for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or for or under or in aid of any Perfon or Perfons exercising or assuming to exercise any PowerB of Government as aforesaid, or to go or to agree to go or embark from any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, for the purpose or with intent to be so enlisted, entered, engaged or employed as aforesaid, whether any enlisting Money, Pay or Reward shall have been or shall be actually given or received, or not 5 in any or either of such Cases, every Perfon so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and upon being convicted thereof, upon any Information or Indi&ment, shall be punishable by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Dif-cretion of the Court before which such Offender shall be convicted.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render any Perfon or Perfons liable to any Punifhment or Penalty under tnis A&, who at any time before tile First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, within any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the-I (lands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, or at any time before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in any Part or Place out of the United Kingdom, or of the said Istands, shall have taken or accepted, or agreed to take or accept any Military Commifiion, or shall have otherwise enlisted into any Military Service as a Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned* Officer, or shall have enlisted, or entered himfeif to* enlist, or shall have agreed to enlist or to enter himfeif to serve as a Soldier, or shall have served, or having so served shall, after the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, continue to serve m any Warlike or Military Operation, either as .an Officer or Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity, or shall have accepted, or agreed to take or accept any Commission, Warrant or Appointment as an Officer, or shall have enlisted or entered himfeif to serve, or shall have served, or having fo

ferved

Misdemeanor.

Proviso for Persons enlisted or serving before the times herein specified.

A .D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.69.

423

ferrcd shall continue to serve as a Sailor or Marine, or shall have been employed or engaged, or shall have served, or having so served shall, after the (aid First Day of Augujl, continue to serve in and on board any Ship or Veffel of War, used or fitted out, or equipped or intended for any Warlike Purpose; or shall have engaged, or contracted or agreed to go, or shall have gone to, or having so gone to shall, after the (aid First Day of Augujt, continue in any Foreign State, Country,. Colony, Province or Part of a Province, or to or in any Place beyond the Seas, unless such Perfon or Perfons shall embark at or proceed from some Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or the Iflands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sari, with intent to serve as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, contrary to the Proviiions of this Aft, after the said First Day of Augujl, or shall embark or proceed from some Port of Place out of the United Kingdom, or the Iflands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, yrrth such Intent as aforesaid, after the said First Day of November, or who shall, before the palling of this Aft, and witlun the said United Kingdom, or the hid Istands, or before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, isi any Port or Place out of the said United Kingdom, or the said Istands, have hired, retained, engaged or procured, or attempted or endeavoured to hire, retain, engage or procure, any Perfon or Perfons whatever, to enlist or to enter, or to engage to enlist or to serve, or be employed in any such Service or Employment as aforesaid, as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, either in Land or Sea Service, or to go, or agree to go or embark for the purpose or with the intent to be so enlisted, entered or engaged; or emploved, contrary to the Prohibitions respectively in this Aft contained, anjr thing in this Aft contained to the contrary in anywise aotwithstanding; but that all and every such Perfons and Perfon shall be in such State and Condition, and no other, and shall be liable to such Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities, and none other, as such Perfon or Perfons was or were liable and subject to before the palling of this Aft, and as such Perfon or Perfons would have been in, and been Hable and subject to, in case this. Aft and the said recited Afts by this Aft repealed had not been palled or made.

IV.	And be it further enafttd, That it shall and may be lawful for any Jultice of the Peace redding at or near to any Port or Place within' the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, where any Offence made punishable by this Aft as a Mifdemeanor shall be committed, on Information on oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of the Offender, and to cause him to be brought before mch Juftice, or any Juftice of the Peace ; and it shall be lawful for the Juftice of the reace before whom such Offender shall be brought, to examine into the Nature of the Offence upon oath, and to commit such Perfon to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Courfe of Law, unless such Offender shall give Bail, to the Satisfaftion of the said Juftice, to appear and answer to any Information or Indiftment to be preferred against him, according to Law, for the said Offence ; ana that all such Offences which shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, shall and may be proceeded and tried in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at IVeJlminJlcr, and the Venue in such Cafe laid at Wejbunfier, or at the Amzes or Selfion of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or General Seffions of the

Ee 4	Peace

Justices to issue Warrantsfor the Apprehension of Offenders.

Where Offences shall be tried.

424

59° GEO. 1IL

AJX18I9.

Where Offence committed out of United Kingdom, Justice to issue Warrant for Apprehension of Offender.

Vessels with Persons on board engaged in Foreign Service, may be detained at any Port in His Majesty’s Dominions.

Of what Facts and Circum-

C. 69*

Peace in and for the County or Place where such Offence was committed ; and that all such Offerees which shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall and may be prosecuted in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at Dublin, and the Venue be laid at Dublin, or at any Amzes or Seffion of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or General Seffions of the Peace in and for the County or Place where such Offence was committed; and all such Offences as shall be committed in Scotland* shall and may be prosecuted in the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or any other Court competent to try Criminal Offences committed within the County, Shire or Stewartry within which such Offence was committed; and where any Offence made punishable by this Ad as a fyfifdemeanor shall be committed out of the said United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for any Juflice of the Peace reOding near to the Port or Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of the Offender, and to cause him to be brought before such Juslice, or any other Juflice of the Peace for such Place ; and it shall be lawful for the Juflice of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be brought, to examine into the Nature of the Offence upon oath, and to commit such Perfon to Gaol, there to remain till delivered by due Courfe of Law, or otherwise to hold such Offender to bail to answer for such Offence in the Superior Court, competent to try and having Jurifdi&ion to try Criminal Offences committed in such Port or Place *, and all such Offences committed at any Place out of the said United Kingdom shall and may be prosecuted and tried in any Superior Court of His Maiefty’s Dominions, competent to try, and naving Jurisdiction to try Criminal Offences committed at the Place where such Offence shall be committed.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or’Veffel in any Port or Place within His Majefty’s Dominions, shall have on board any such Perfon or Perfons who shall have been enlifled or entered to serve, or shall have engaged or agreed or been procured to enlifl or enter or serve, or who shall be departing from His Majefty’s Dominions for the purpose and with the intent of enlifling or entering to serve, or to be emploved, or of serving or being engaged or employed in the Service of any Foreign Pnnce, State or Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or Perfons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, contrary to the Provifions of this A<51, it shall be lawful for any of the principal Officers of His Majefly’s Cuftoms where any such Officers of the Cuftoms shall be, and in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions in which there are no Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, for any Governor or Perfons having the Chief Civil Command, upon Information on oath given before them respectively, which Oath they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to admi-nifler, that such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid is or are on board such Ship or Veffel, to detain and prevent any such Ship or Veffel, or to cause such Ship or Veffel to be detained and prevented from proceeding to Sea oh her Voyage with such Perfons as aforesaid on board: Provided nevertheless, that no principal Officer, Governor or Perfon, shall ad as aforesaid, upon such Information upon oath as aforesaid,

unlefs

A. D. 1319.

59° GEO. Ill*

C. 69.

425

itakfs the Party To informing shall not only have deposed in such stance* Oath is

Information that the Perfon or Perfona on board such Ship or Veflel to

hath or hare been enlisted or entered to serve, or hath or have engaged

or agreed or been procured to enlist or enter or serve, or is or are

departing as aforesaid, for the purpose and with the intent of enlift-

iag or entering to serve or to be emploved, or of serving, or being

engaged or employed in such Service as aforesaid, but |fhsul also have *

let forth in such Information upon oath, the Fads or Circumftancea

upon which he forma his Knowledge or Belief, enabling him to rive

inch Information upon oath ; and that all and every Perfon and Per-

fonsconvided of wilfully false swearing in any such Information upon

oath, shall be deemed guilty of and suffer the Penalties on Perfons

ccnvi&ed of wilful and corrupt Penury.

VI. And be it further eroded, That if any Mafter or other Perfon Masters of haring or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel, in Ships, Ac. ay Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Jrehdd, or in 011 ay Part of His Majefty’s dominions beyond the Seas, ihall know-mgly and willingly take on board, or if such Mafter or other Perfon thU Aft haring the Command of any such Ship or Veflel, or any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Veflel, shall knowingly engage to take on board any Perfon or Perfons who ihall have been enlisted or entered to fanre, or shall have engaged or agreed or bee	*	a

enlift or enter or serve, or who ihall be departing from	s

Dominions for the purpose and with the intent of enlisting or entering to serve, or to be emploved, or of serving, or being engaged or employed in any Naval or Military Service, contrary to the Proviflons of this Ad,, such Mafter or Owner or other Perfon as aforesaid ihall Penalty, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each and every such Perfon so taken or engaged to be taken on board; and moreover every such Ship or Veflel, so having on board, conveying, carrying or tnnfporting any such Perfon or Perfons, ihall and may be seized and detained by the Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor or other Officer of the Cuftoms, until such Penalty or Penalties ihall be iatisfied and paid, or until fucli Mafter or Perfon, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veflel ihall give good and sufficient Bail, by Recognifance before One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, for the Payment of such Penalty or Penalties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon, within any Ptenoos fitting Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Part of His Majefty’s Do- out annad minions beyond the Seas, ihall, without the Leave and Licence of Vessel* to aid in His Majesty for that Purpofe first had and obtained as aforesaid, Mllitary<Je-eqoip, furaiih, fit out or arm, or attempt or endeavour to equip, fnrntfti, fit out or arm, or procure to be equipped, furniihed, fitted without limit or armed, or ihall knowingly aid, assist or be concerned in the cenoe; equipping, funuihing, fitting out or arming of any Ship or Veflel with intent or in order that such Ship or Veflel ihall be^ employed in the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, or of any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or rerfons exerciling or assuming to exercise any Powers of Government in or over any Foreign State, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, as a Tranfport or Store Ship, or with intent to cruize or commit Hoftilities against any Prince, State or Potentate, or against the Subjeds or Citizens of any Prince, State «r Potentate, or against the Perfons exercising or assuming to exercife

the

426

C.69:

69° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

or issuing

Commissions for Ships.

Misdemeanor.

Ship, Ac. forfeited.

Officers of Customs and Excise may seise.

Aiding the Warlike Equip-jnent of Vessels of Foreign States, Ac.

Misdemeanor.

Ac Power# of Government in any Colony, Province or Part of any Province or Country, or against the Inhabitants of any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or Country, with whom His Majesty shall not then be at War; or shall, within the United Kingdom, or any of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in any Settlement, Colony, Territory, Kland or Place belonging or subject to His Majesty, issue or deliver any Commiffion for any Ship or Veflel, to the intent that such Ship or Veflel shall be employed as aforesaid, every such Perfon so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Mifde-meanor, and shall, upon Convi&ion thereof, upon any Information or Indi&ment, be punished by Fine and Imprifonment, or either of them, at the Difcretion of the Court in which such Offender shall be convicted; and every such Ship or Veflel, with the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with all the Materials, Arms, Ammunition and Stores, which may belong td or be on board of any such Ship or Veflel, shall be forfeited; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife, or any Officer of His Majefty’s Navy, who is by Law empowered to make Seizures, for any Forfeiture incurred under any of the Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, or the Laws of Trade and Navigation, to seize such Ships and Veflels aforesaid, and in such Places and in such Manner in which the Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife and the Officers of His Majefty’s NaVy are empowered respectively to make Seizures under the Laws of Cuftoms and Excife, dr under the Laws of Trade and Navigation ; and that every such Ship and Veflel, with the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with all the Materials, Arms, Ammunition and Stores which may belong to or be on board of such Ship or Veflel, may be prosecuted and condemned in the like manner, and in such Courts as Ships or Veflels may be prosecuted and condemned for any Breach of the Laws made for the Protection of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or of the Laws of Trade and Navigation.

VIII. And be it further enaCied, That if any Perfon in any Pvt of the United Kingdom of Gircat Britain and Ireland, or in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, without the Leave and Licence of Hit Majesty for that Purpofe foil had and obtained as aforesaid, shall, by adding to the Number of the Guns of such Veflel, or by changing those on board for Other Guns, or by the Addition of any Equipment for War, increase or augfoent, or procure to be increased or augmented, or shall be knowingly concerned in increasing or augmenting the Warlike Force of any Ship or Veflel of War or Craizer, or other armed Veflel, which at the time of her Arrival in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any of His Majefty’s Dominions, bras a Ship of War, Cruizer or Armed Veflel in the Service of any Ffoeign Prince, State or Potentate, or of any Perfon or Perform exerCifing or assuming to exercise any Powers of Government in or over any Colony, Province* or Part’of any Province or People belonging to tie Subjects of any such Prince, State or Potentate, or to the Inhabitants ot any Colony, Province dr Part of any Province or Country under the Controul of any Perfon or Perfons so exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government, every such Perfon so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Mffdemeanor, and shall, upon being conviCted thereof, upon any Information or Indictment, be puniraed by Fine and Imprifonment, or either of them, at the Difcretion of tie Court before whickfuch Offender shall be convicted*

IX. And

A.D.1M,

69* GEO-IIL

C. 69,70-

427

IX- And be it further enacted, That Offence* made puniffiable by the ProvifionB of this Aft, committed out of the United Kingdom, maybe prosecuted and tried in His Majjcfty’s Court of King's Bench at Wejhmnjltr, and the Venue in such Cafe laid at WeRminffcr, in the Comity of Mtddkfex.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Penalty or Forfeiture infilled by this Aft, may be prosecuted, sued for and recovered, by Aftkm of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at WcftmmJUr or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Seifion in Scotland, in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General for England or Ireland, or His Majefbjr's Advocate for Scotland respectively, or in the Name of any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever; wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every Aftion or Suit the Perfon against whom Judgment shall be riven for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Aft ftnul pay Double Coils of Suit; and every such Aftion or Suit shall and may be brought at any time witnin Twelve Months after the Offence committed, and not afterwards ; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Aft Shall go and be applied to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of such Perfon or Perfons as ihall first sue for the fame, after deduft-ingthe Charges of Profecution from the whole-

XI- And be it further enacted. That if any Aftion or Suit shall be commeneed, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuanee of this Aft, all Roles and Regulations, Privileges and Proteftions, aB to maintaining sr defending any Suit or Aftion, and pleading therein, or any Cofts thereon, in relation to any Afts, Matters or Things done, or that my be done by any Officer of Cuftotns or Excife, or by any Officer sf His Majefty's Navy, under any Aft of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Aft, for the Proteftion of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or Prevention of Smuggling, fail apply and be in full Force in any futh Aftion or Suit as mail be brought for any thing done in purfuanee of this Aft, in as full and mole a manner to ail Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Privilege* aid Proteftion* were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to any Penalty any Perfon who shall enter into the Military Service of any Prince, State or Potentate in rifyfc, with Leave or Licence, figttwd in the ufuai manner, from the Governor General in Couneil, or Vice Prefrdent m Couneil, of Fort William in Bengal, or in conformity with any Orders or Regulations issued or sanctioned by such Governor General or Vice Preudent in Council.

Offences committed out of the Kingdom may be tried at Westminster.

How Penalties sued for and

Double Coats.

Limitation of Actions-

Former Rules established by Law to be applied to Actions

pursuance of this Act.

Penalties not to extend to Person* entering into Military Service in Asia.	•

CAP. LXX.

An Aft to repeal certain A£b of the Parliament of regarding Duelling.	[3d July 1819.]

‘ ‘fTTHEREAS an Aft was palled by the Parliament of Scot- Junes 6.

' W land, in the Sixteenth Parliament of Hit Majesty King Psrl. 16. e. ii. ‘ Jamet the Sixth, intituled Anent Singular	r,whereby it m

* statute and oretained, * that no person in Tyme comming without

‘ His

4

4,28

C. 70,71.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.I81*.

William, lit Part c. 35.

repealed.

46 G. 3. c. 31,

Monies heretofore issued to Commi—ioners to continue to be issued and placed to their Account.

ia,ooo,oooL to be advanced by the Commis-donen in Quarterly Payments of the Amount herein mentioned.

*	His Heighnefs Licence fight any singular Combat, under the Paine 4 of Death, and his movable Geare escheat to His Heighnefs Ufefc 4 and the Provoker to be punished with a more ignominious Death

*	nor the Defender, at the Pleafure of His Majesty And Whereat 4 by another Ad of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Sixth 4 Seffion of the First Parliament of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled 4 AS agamjl Duel*, it is enacted, 4 that whosoever. Principal or 4 Second, or other interposed Perfon, £ives a Challenge to fight a 4 Duel or linglc Combat, or whosoever accepts the fame, or who-4 soever, either Principal or Second on either Side, engages therein, 4 albeit no fighting ensue, shall be punished by the Pain of Baniih-4 ment and Elcheat of Movables, without prejudice to the Ad already

*	made against the fighting of DuelsAnd Whereas it is expedient 4 that the said recited Ads Ihould be repealedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and b▼ the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad the laid recited Ads shall be and the fame are hereby repealed-

CAP. LXXI.

An Ad for railing a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Com-miflioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt.

[6th July 1819.3

4 Moft Graeious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Ad passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for vedmg 4 certain Sum* in Commijponert at the End of every Quarter of a Tear,

4 to be by them applied to the ReduSion of the National Debt: And 4 Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary 4 Supplies, have resolved, that the Sum of Twelve Millions be railed 4 by Annuities in manner hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the 4 Commissioners under the said recited Ad of the Twenty sixth 4 Year aforesaid have agreed to subscribe the said Sum of Twelve 4 Millions:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all the Monies which have heretofore been issued, or are required or directed by any Ad or Ads of Parliament to be issued to the said Commissioners for the RedU&ion of the National Debt, Ihall continue to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as heretofore.

II. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners Hull and they are hereby required, out of the Monies which Ihall be iffoed and carried to their Account after the passing of this Ad, to order and direct their Agent or Agents, or proper Officers, to pay into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer on account of the uud Loan of Twelve Millions, lb agreed to be subscribed and advanced by the said Commissioners, the Sum of Two millions seven hundred thousand Pounds in each of the respective Quarters of the Year ending oa the Tenth Day of O&ober One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.71.

429

the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty respectively, and the Sum of Three millions three hundred thousand Pound* in each of the respective Quarters of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, is fnch Proportion, and at such times in each of such respective Quarters as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majjefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, fhafi order and direct: Provided always, that no larger Sum in eacn Quarter than is before fpedfied, and no further Sum in the whole than Twelve Millions shall be so paid and advanced by the said Com-miffioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That for every One hundred Pounds of the said Sum of Twelve Millions so paid, advanced and contributed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the Principal Sum of Sixty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds' per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, which were reduced from Four Pounds to Three Pounds per Centum by an Aft made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the fame time and in the fame manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the (aid Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities $ and the further Principal Sum of Eighty Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities coofolidated by the Afts of the. Twenty fifth, Twenty eighth. Twenty ninth. Thirty second, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty filing George the Second, and by several fubfe-quent Afts, and to .be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the fame time and in the fame manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities; which said respective Annuities shall be made capital Stock in the Names of the said Copimiffioners ; and the Dividends payable thereon shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated for that Purpofe by any Aft or Afts of this present Seffion of Parliament; and such Capital Stock and the Annuities arifiug therefrom shall be deemed Part of the Stock and Annuities applicable by the said Commissioners to the Purpofes of the Sinking Fuad, and Annual Sums shall be issued for the Redemption thereof, as a Sinking Fund, according to the Provifions of an Aft, palled in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS so render more ejffieSual an AS made in the Twenty jixth Tear ef Hit present Majejly*t Reign, intituled * An AS for veiling certain 4 Sums in Ctmmiffumert at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by 4 them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to dvreS the 4 Application of an additional Sum to the ReduSion of the said Debt in ( case of future Loant,9 and of another Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to alter

and

For every iooL so advaneed, the Commissioners entitled to 6al. 18a. 8<L Reduced Annuities, and 8oL in 3 per Cent Consols.; the Dividends payable thereon applicable to Sinking Fund.

31Q. 3- e ss-

53 0.3. e. 35.

A

+30

A-D.181&

Officer of Exchequer to give Receipts for Payments, and when the Whole of Loan paid, Receipts to be deposited with Account-ant of Bank.

Application of the Money.

.is. per lb. of Tobacco delivered out of Warehouse for Manufacture,

C.71,72.	59P	GECX Ilk

and amend several Ads faffed in His present tfajefy's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provifion in rcfped thereof #

IV.	And be it further enacted, That upon each of the said Quarterly Payments hereinbefore directed being made into the Exchequer, by or on behalf of the said Commissioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, the proper Officer of the Exchequer shall give a Receipt for the fame, acknowledging the Sum therein mentioned to be received of the said Commissioners .on account of their Contribution to the said Loan of Twelve Millions under and in pursuance of this A<51; and when and so soon as the Whole of the said Sum of Twelve Millions shall have been paid by or on behalf of the said Commissioners into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and such Receipts from time to time given for the fame as aforesaid, all the said Receipts shall be taken to and deported with the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* who thereupon shall enter and place to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the laid Governor and Company, the Sum of Sixty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence Capital Stock in the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds which shall be contained in the said several Receipts, the Intereft or Dividends whereon shall commence from, the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and also the Sum of Eighty Pounds Capital Stock in the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, the Intereft or Dividends whereon shall commence * from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom for the time being, to iffiie and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, to such Services as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An A& to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excifc on Tobacco in Ireland.	[6th July 1819.]

‘ Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the ‘ VV Commons of tne United Kingdom of Great Britain and ‘ Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raffing the necessary ‘ Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

*	unto Your Majesty the Duty of Excife on Tobacco hereinafter ‘ mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

*	be enacted;’ and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTemhled, and by the Authority of the fame. That within and. through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be railed, levied, collested, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Ufc of His

Majesty,

3

5ft® GEO.III.

451

A.D. 181ft.

<2.7$.

Majeity, His Heirs and Succeffors, the Duty of Excifc following \ (that is to fay,)

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which at any time or times, after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall have been or shall be delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, for Manufacture in Ireland, an Excife Duty of Three Shillings British Currency, and so in proportion for any

Kor fcfler Quantity ; and to be charged on and paid by the or Perfons to whom the fame fhafi have been or ftiaU be delivered for Manufacture;

Which said Excife Duty shall be in lieu and in full Satisfaction of all Duties of Excife granted on such Tobacco by any ACt or A6b of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June•

II.	And be it further enaCed, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged on all Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from thence into Ireland, the countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatsoever payable upon such Tobacco or Snuff, under or by virtue of any ACt or ACts of Par* liament in force in Ireland, immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June; (that is to fay,)

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, and of all British manufactured Tobacco, imported or brought into Ireland, the Sum of Foot Shillings British Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence BriH/b Currency :

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine pence British Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence British Currency :

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine pence British Currency.

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Tobacco or Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty hereby granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain refpeCtively, and imported from thence into Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Tobacco or Snuff manufactured in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be allowed on all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland which shall be so exported, as an increased Drawback or Compenfation for the Duty

by

in lieu of former Duties.

Countervailing Duties herein mentioned to be paid on To. bocco and Snuff of Manufacture of G. B. imported into

Inland.

Drawback on Exportation of Tobacco or 8ipiff to G. B.

Instead of former Dnw • backron Exportation to other Places than G. B.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

3s. id. for •very lb. of manufactured Tobacco.

47 G. 3. Sen. ft. e. 16.

Drawbacks on Tobacco and Snuff exported before June x 5, 1819, to continue, the new Drawbacks being payable on such as shall have paid the Dudes hereby imposed.

Regulations for obtaining Drawback.

Officers granting Permits for Removal of Tobacco, on which Duty of is. fid. per lb. bas been paid into Stock of any Person, to. certify Quantity removed.

C. 72.

by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excife Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence Sritrfb Currency for every Pound Weight of such manufactured Tobacco ; and which said Drawback or Allowance shall be paid by the CoDeftor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrift from which such Tobacco or Snuff shall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame shall be exported as is required by an Aft made in the Forfy seventh Year of His prefexxt Maiefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife into and from Ireland, in cale of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the several Drawbacks in respect of Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Britain or elsewhere, allowed or made payable under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Tobacco which shall have paid the Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into Ireland, or on Tobacco delivered for Manufafture in Ireland, by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June, and with respect to Snuff manufactured from such Tobacco, and which Tobacco or Snuff shall after the said Fifteenth Day of June be exported from Ireland; and that the several and respective Drawbacks by this Aft allowed and made payable, shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Tobacco, or Snuff manufactured therefrom, on which all Duties of Excife and Cuftoms shall have been paid which shall be chargeable thereon by this Aft, and by any Aft for imposing Duties of Cuftoms on Tobacco imported into Ireland, in force at the time of the passing of this Aft : Provided always, that the increased Drawback and Allowance by this Aft made payable, shall not be paid or allowed on any Tobacco or Snuff so exported, unless the Perfons who shall export such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall make oath, that the additional or increased Duty on account of which such Drawback shall be required has been fully paid and Satisfied, and shall also perform all such Requiiites, and comply with such Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And be it further enacted. That every Excife Permit Officer who at any time after the said. Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall have granted any Excife Permit or Permits for ithe Removal of any Tobacco delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms into the Stock of any Manufafturer or other Perfon, upon which Tobacco the Duty of Two Shillings and Two pence jper Pound chargeable thereon by the several Afts in force immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June shall have been paid, and on which the several Duties chargeable by this Aft (hall

not

A.D. im

59* GEO. III.

C. 72.

4-33

not Rave been paid, shall, on deriartd by any Surveyor or Gauger or other Officer requiring the fame, grant a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of such Excife Permit Officer, specifying the Quantity of such Tobacco so removed into the Stock of such Manu-fadurer or other Perfon after the laid Fifteenth Day of June One thoiifand eight hundred and nineteen, under or by virtue of such Permit or Permits \ .and such Certificate of such Excife Permit Officer shall b t coriclufive Evidence again (I. the Manufacturer or other Perfon, into whose Stock such Tobacco shall have been delivered under such Permit, whereby to charge such Manufacturer or Perfon with an additional Sum ot Ten pence per Pound on such unmanufactured Tobacco, so that the Duty of Three Shillings on every Pound Weight of such Tobacco shall be fully paid according to the Intent and Meaning of this ACE

VI.	And be it farther enacted, That the said additional Sum of Returns of To-Ten pence per Pound Weight shall be payable on all unmanufactured bacco so ramov-Tobacco, for the Removal of which any such Permit shall have been *j,to _£*	5

obtained, and shall be a Charge on such Manufacturer or Manur be paid-within fadurers, or on the Perfon or Perfons into the Stock of whom such One Month., Tobacco shall have been or ought to have been removed by virtue of such Permit; and the proper Officers of the Revenue shall, within One Calendar Month after the palling of (this ACt, make Returns in Writing to the Collectors or other Officers in charge of the Collection in their respective Piftrifts, of the Amount of such additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound a$ shall have then become due and payable by virtue of this ACt, and of the Perfons chargeable therewith in such DiftriCt respectively; and every such Return shall be a Charge on all such Manufacturers and other Perfons; and such Sum shall be paid by such Manufacturers or other Perfons to the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt within One Calendar Month after any such Return, or in default thereof all such Tobacco shall be forfeited, and may be seized ; and every Manufacturer or Perfon who shall make default in the Payment of such Duty, shall for every such Default forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, andJDouble the Amount of Duty Penalty, with which such Perfon shall be charged as aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes when the Collector may Amount of the said additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound Weight, distrain for or any Part thereof, shall be unpaid at the time when such Amount is by this Aft made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for	^

the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and di (train any Tobacco or any other Goods or Chattels in the Ufe, Cuftody or PofTeffion of the Perfons chargeable with such Amount, and to cause the fame to be fold by public AuCtion; and if, after Payment of the whole of such Amount, together with the Cofts and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to such Perfon, or his or her refpeCtive Reprefentatives.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon Additional who shall be charged with and liable to the Whole of the Duties	^

of Excife on Tobacco imposed by this Aft, shall at any time after to on* the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have fold or contracted to fell any such Tobacco, without 59 Geo. HI.	F	f	charging

C. 72. .

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 181ft,

424

charging the Buyer thereof with the Whole of fueh increased Duty, then and in every such Cafe the Seller of such Tobacco shall be allowed to add, and shall be entitled to recover from the Buyer thereof, and the Buyer of such Tobacco shall pay to the Seller thereof, so much Money as will* be equivalent to such Duty as such Seller shall have been charged with and liable to for such Tobacco, over and above the Duty of Cuftoms and Excife payable on such Tobacco before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid as by former Acts.

14 & 15 C. 2. c.8. (I.)

46 G#3* c. 106.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Adi granted, allowed and made payable, and all Penalties under this Ad, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency ; and that the said Duties, the necessary Charges of paying and collecting the fame being dedu&ed, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Adi, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed, sued for, recovered and applied, in such Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Diredlions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and exprefTed for the railing, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Adi made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Hi£ late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for settling the Excife or new Imfoft upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Succcjforsj according to the Book of Rates therein injerted, or in and by an Adi made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the several ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Com-mifttoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commijftoners of Inland Excife aid Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Adi or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Pnr-poses, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Adi of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Adis as aforesaid, is provided; and that all and every Ad and Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excife on Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, (nail extend and be construed to extend to the railing, levying and colleding the Duty by this Ad granted on Tobacco, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as A the fame were repeated and re-enadled in this Ad.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be pafied in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.1819.

59’ GEO. UV

C. 73.

435

CAP. LXXIir.

An Ad to repeal several Ads, requiring the Matters of Veflels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents \ prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum.	[6th	July	1819.]

c YT7HEREAS by an Ad patted in the Eighth Year of the g Ann. c. 13. 4 VV Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anny intituled An A3 for 4 continuing several Impo/uiom9 additional Impnjiftons and Dufies upon 4 Goods imported, to rasfe Money by way tf Loan, for the Service of 4 the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ten ; and for taking off the 4 Over sea Duty on Coals exported in British Bottoms ; and for better 4 preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods ; and for 4 ajcertamng the Duties of Corans imported in Venetian Ships ; and to 4 P™ further time to Foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain 4 Foreign Goods imported; and to limit a time for Profecuttons upon .4 certain Bonds given by Merchants ; and for continuing certain Fees of 4 the Officers of the Cuftoms; and to prevent Imbeznlements by such 4 Officers; and for appropriating the monies granted to Her Majesty ;

4 and for replacing Monies paid or to be paid for making good any De-4 ficiencies on the Annuity Ads ; and for Encouragement to raise Naval 4 Stores in Her Majefly*s Plantations ; and to give further time for 4 rertjhring Debentures as is therein mentioned; it is enacted, that the J 19.

4 Matter of every Ship carrying such Certificate Goods to Ireland 4 shall demand and take from the Colledor of every respective Port 4 of Great Britain, a Duplicate of his Content in Writing, certified 4 under the Hand and Seal of the Colledor and Comptroller of such 4 Port (which said Duplicate the Colledor and Comptroller of each € Port m Great Britain are hereby required to deliver to every 4 Matter without Fee or Reward), and such Matter shall be obliged 4 to deliver such Duplicate to the Officers of the Cuftoms in Ireland 4 on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land such Goods there:

4 And Whereas, in all Cafes of Exportation of Certificate Goods

*	from one Country to the other, Certificates of the due landing of

*	fuch Goods in England and Ireland respectively are now required 4 by Law, and the Duplicate Content required by the above recited 4 Ad is become ufeless, and operates as an Inconvenience to the 4 Trade between England and Ireland, and it is therefore expedient 4 no longer to require such Duplicate Content ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’* Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* moos, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Ad as requires the Matter of every Ship carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to demand and take from the Colledor of every respective Port in Great Britain a Duplicate of his Content in Writing, certified under the Hand and Seal of the Colledor and Comptroller of each Port in Great Britain, to deliver such Duplicate to the Officers of the Cuftoms in Ireland

on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land fitch Goods there, shall repealed, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Ff 2

4 II. And

436

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18T»

5 Elis. c. 7.

continued by 16 C. 1. c. 4. ‘

repealed. it C. 2. c. 4.

§11.

proviso for Power to prohibit Exportation.

a9 G. 3. c. 6S. 5 5-

C.73,:74.

* II. And Whereas it appears no longer necessary or proper to 4 continue the Prohibition on the Importation of certain Articles 4 enumerated in an Aft patted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of 4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AS avoiding divert foreign Wares 4 made by Handicraftsmen beyond the Seas (which Aft was to continue'

4 and- endure to the End of the then next Parliament, afidby several 4 subsequent Afts was continued, and by an Aft patted Jn the Six-4 teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the rirft, intituled' An 4 AS for the further Relief of His Majejly’s Army9 and the Northern 4 Parts of the Kingdom, was further continued until some other Ad 4 of Parliament ttiould be made touching the Continuance or Dif-4 continuance thereof) : And Whereas it is expedient that the said 4 Aft should be repealed Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the patting of this Aft, the said first recited Aft, and every thing therein contained, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 III. And Whereas by an Aft patted in the Twelfth Year of the 4 Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled A Sub-4 Jidy, granted to the King9 of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums 4 of Money payable ubon Merchandife exported and imported; it is en-4 acted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons 1 to ship, carry out and transport, by way of Merchandise, Gun*

4 powder, when the fame doth not exceed the Price of Five Pounds

*	per Barrel, paying a certain Rate appointed by the said Aft: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to allow the (hipping, carrying out and*

4 transporting Gunpowder, although the Price may exceed Five Pounds 4 per BarrelBe it therefore enacted, That io much of the (aid* recited Aft as prohibits the (hipping, carrying out and transporting Gunpowder, when the Pjice of the fame doth exceed Five Pounds per Barrel, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend or repeal, or in anywise affect so much of the said recited Aft as' %u thorites His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder* or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the' Exportation of Gunpowder.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Aft to allow the Importation of Tdbatcd from the East Indies and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to Veflcls of Seventy Tons burthen and upwards.

' [6th July 1819.3

*	’1T7 HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Twenty ninth Year of 4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for repeal-4 ing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff 9 and for granting new Duties in 4 Ben thereof it is enacted, that no Tobacco whatever shall be im-4 ported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place 4 whatever, other than some Port or Place within His Majefty** Co-4 ionics. Plantations, Ittands or Territories in America, or some Port 4 or Place within the United States of America, (although the fame 4 shall have been legally imported into and exported from Great 4 Britain, and returned for want of Sale or otherwife), upon pain of 4 Forfeiture thereof, together with the Hog (heads. Calks, C hefts,

4 Cafes

5

‘59* GEO- in.

C. 74.

437

A.b.m%

14 Cafes and Packages respectively containing the fame, and also the 4 Ship or Veffel in or on board which the fame shall be imported ‘ or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

*	Tackle and Apparel; and such Tobacco,Hoefheads, Calks, Chefts,

4 Cafes and Packages respectively, and also fucn Ship or Veflel, with

*	her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall and 4 may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Ex-

*	cife: And Whereas by an A A patted in the Fifty fourth Year 4 of IBs present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to repeal the 4 Duties of Cuftoms payable on Goods, Wares and Merehandife imported 4 into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the ■* Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants trading to The

*	Eaft Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to eftablt/h 4 further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so 4 imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain 1 Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until 4 the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ;

4 and by Table (B) annexed to the said A A, a J)uty of Cuftoms 4 is payable on Tobacco imported into Great Britain from some Pqrt 4 or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United

*	Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either

*	by the said United Company or by Perfons authorised so to trade :

1 And Whereas it is provided by tne said A61, that nothing in that 4 Ad contained shall extend or be cOnftrUed to extend to permit or 4 allow any Goods, Wares or Merehandife whatever to be imported 4 into or exported from Great Britain, in any Way or Manner con-4 trary to any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately 4 before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 4 fourteen, except in any Cafe where Provifion h e^prefsly made for 4 that Purpofe by that Ad, or by an Ad paifed in the last Seffion of 4 Parliament, intituled An AS for continuing in the East India Com-4 party for a furtherTerm the Pojfejfton of the British Territories tip India,

4 together soith certain excluftve Privileges } for eftabliftnng further Re-4 gelations for the Government qf the said Territories, and the better Ad-4 mruftratton of Juftice within the fame; and for regelating thp Trade to J andfrom the Places within the Limits of the said Company* r Charter :

4 And Whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation of unmanu-4 fadured Tobacco from Places within the Limits of the Charter 4 granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading 4 to the East Indies ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mott Expellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That Tobacco may be imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading tQ 3ie Eflft Incites, in any British Ship or Veflel owned, registered and navigated according to Law, any thing in the aforesaid Ad paifed in the Twenty ninth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign to the contrary notwith(landing; provided always, that such Tobacco shall not be imported or brought into Great Britain in any Cask, Cheft, Cafe or other Package which shall not contain at the lead One hundred Pounds Weight Nett of Tobacco, not packed in Bags or Packages within any such Ca(k, Cheft, Cafe or other Package, nor fepa-rated or divided within any such Caik, Cheft or Cafe, or in any manner

F f 3	whatever,

*4G. 3. c. 36-'

Table B.

5 3*.

S3 G.3. c.155.

Tobacco may be Imported ftom the East Indies in British Vessels:

But in Casks containing not less than too lbs. and not in Bags or Packages within such Casks.

C.74.

59° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1819.

Penalty.

Proviso for Acts in force.

Unmanufactured Tobacco may be imported from the Place of its Growth in any Country whatever, either in British built Vessels or Vessels of the Cou ntrywhence imported, Ac.

*9 G. 3. c. 68.

§47.

No Tobacco to be exported to Ireland ita any Vessel under 70 Tons.

False Entry of Tonnage.

Penalty iocL

whatever, on pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco, with the Calks, Chefts, Cafes and other Packages containing the fame, and also the Ship, VefTel or Boat in which the fame shall be so imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel ; and such Tobacco, Casks, Chefts, Cafes and other Packages, and also such Ship, Veflel or Boat, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftom? or Excife : Provided always, that such Tobacco shall be subject and liable to all the Provilions of the A&s now in force regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of # 4 Tobacco from the Place of its Growth, wherever that may be Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for . any Perfon or Perfons to import unmanufactured Tobacco from any Place whatever, being the Place of its Growth, in any Briti/h Ship or Veflel owned, registered and navigated according to llaw, or in any Ship or Veflel of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Tobacco is the Growth, and whereof the Mafter and Three Fourths of the Mariners at lead are of the said Country or Place, or in Veflels which shall have been lawfully condemned as Prize in such Country or Place, and which shall be navigated as aforesaid, any thing in the aforesaid A& parted in the Twenty ninth Year of His laid Majefty’s Reign to the contrary notwithstanding ; but subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures of the said Adi, so far as the fame are applicable thereto, and not repugnant to the before mentioned Proyirton with respect to Tobacco imported from Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

4 III. And Whereas by an Adi passed in the Twenty ninth Year

*	of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 Duties on Tobacco and Snuff", and for granting new Duties in Utu thereof 4 it is enacted that no Tobacco, either manufa&ured or unmanu-

*	fadlured, shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to any Parts

*	beyond the Seas, Ireland excepted, in any Ship or Veflel whatever,

4 unless such Ship or Veflel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons 4 or upwards: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Exportation 4 of Tobacco to Ireland to Veflels of the Burthen of Seventy Tons 4 or upwards in like manner Be it therefore enacted, That no To-bacco, either manufadtured or unmanufadlured, shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in any Ship or Veflel whatever, unless such Slup or Veffel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards; and if the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel outward bound to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, having Tobacco in or on board her, shall enter and clear out such Ship or Veflel at the Cuftom House as of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, and futh Ship or Veflel shall not be of so great Burthen as Seventy Tons, according to the Rule for Admeafurement prescribed by Law, such Mafter or pther Perfon shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

IV. And

A.D.1819.

590 GEO. III.

C.74,15,

489

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco, either manu-faftured or unmanufa6tured, shall be imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain in any Ship or Veflel whatever, unless such Ship or Veflel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards; and if the Matter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel which shall import any Tobacco into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain shall enter such Ship or Veflel at the Cuftom House as of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, and such Ship or Veflel shall not be of so great Burthen as Seventy Tons, according to the Rule for Admeafurement prescribed by Law,

% such Mafter or other Perfon shall forfeit and lose the Sam of One hundred Poands for every such Offence.

V.	And be it further enacted. That such Penalties shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Penalty may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws now in force, or,by A61 ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty* s Courts of Record at Wcjl-minfier or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that One Moiety of every fuen Penalty shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

CAP. LXXV.

An A£l to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two A&s, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	[6th	July	1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS an A& of Parliament was made in the Fifty

*	W fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ( An AS to regulate, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament the 4 Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally ; and 4 which, by an A61 of Parliament made in the Fifty fifth Year of

*	the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of ‘ the then next Seflion of Parliament: And Whereas by an A61 of ‘ Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His pre-4 sent Majesty, to amend and continue the said recited A61 of the ‘ Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and to grant and allow new counter-1 vailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported 1 between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, the said ‘ recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid was further con-

*	trnued, except so far as the fame was altered by the last mentioned 4 A ft, until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament; and 4 the said recited A6to respectively have by certain other A6U of Par-4 liament made respectively in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years 4 of the Reign aforesaid, been further continued until the Fifth Day 4 of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen : And Whereas 4 the Duties imposed and Drawbacks allowed and made payable by ‘ the said A& made in the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, are in the ‘ present Seflion of Parliament repealed, and other Duties and Draw-

F f 4	* backs

No Tobacco to be imported into Ireland from G. B. in Vessels under 70 Tons.

False Entry of Tonnage.

Penalty tool.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

54 G. 3. c. 149-

56 G. 3. * 1 os*

$*•

J7 G. 3. e. jf

j# G. 3. c. *6.

44 O

59° GEO. Ill

A.D.1SI9.

C. 15, 16.

*	backs granted and allowed in lieu thereof; and it is expedient that 4 the said recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid so altered 4 as aforesaid, and such Parts of the said Aft of the Fifty sixth Year 4 aforesaid as are now in force and are not repealed or altered by 4 any Aft or Afts of the present Seflion of Parliament, should be 4 further continued, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great 4 Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to secure, levy and collect

♦ the several Duties on such Spirits imposed by any Aft or Afts in 4 the present Seflion of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

546.3. c.149. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the as Altered by said recited A61 of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, as altered by the and boti^Acts^ Aft of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, and also such Parts of the further conti- lift mentioned Aft as are now in force and are not repealed or altered nued until	by anytAft or Afts of the present Seflion of Parliament, shall be and

July 5, 182c.	the fame is and are hereby further continued, for the Purpofes afore-

said, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hiipdred and nineteen, and shall be, remain and continue in force from thence until the Fifth Day of July jDne thousand eight hundred and twenty.

Bank not to make Advances to Government without Authority of Parliament^

In what Form Applications for Advances shall bp made.

Copies of Applications and Answers laid before Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft to establish further Regulations respecting Advances by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Pur-chafe of Government Securities by the said Bank.

[6th July 1819.3

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that effectual Regulations should 4 VV be made respecting Advances by the Governor and Com-4 pany of the Bank of England for the Public Service, and respecting 4 the Purchafe of Government Securities by the said Governor and 4 Company Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities, or in any other manner whatever, without the express and distinct Authority of Parliament for that Purpofe first had and obtained.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be deemed necessary for the Public Service to make any Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to make any Advance so authorised by Parliament, such Application shall be made in Writing, by the First Lord of the Treasury, qr by the Chancellor . of the Exchequer for the time being, to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, tp be by tl\em laid before the Court of Direftors of the said Bank ; and a Copy of all such Applications made in the Courfe of every Year ending the fifth Day of January, together with a Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Court of Direftors on every such Application, and the

Anfwer

'A.D. 181ft

596 GEO. III.

C. 76.

441

Anfwer of the said Court thereto, shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, by the proper Officer of the said Governor and Company of the bank of England, within Fourteen Days after the Filth Day of January in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or otherwise within Fourteen Days after the then next fitting of Parliament.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A& Proviso for contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Go- purdiaa-vernor and Company of the Bank of England from purchasing any ^-pr^Uer Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities or *2. whatever, which by Law they are now authorised to purchase, nor vancing Money to prevent the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from on Credit of advancing or lending, at the Receipt of the- Exchequer in Great Exchequer Bill* Britain, any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum necessary to make good any Deficiency of the	***

Consolidated Fund, at the Clofe of any Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of Aprils Fifth Day of July, Tenth Day of 0Sober, or Fifth Day of January in any Year, upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills which shall be issued by the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majefiy’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great? Britain and Ireland, under the Authority of an A6k, made in the Fifty Seventh Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An 57 G. 3. c. 48. AS to make further ProvUion for the Adjuftment of the Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the united Kingdom, and for making good any occa-Jumal Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland refpeSively, and to direS the Application of Monies by the Com-nuffioners for the ReduSion of the National Debt; pr of an A6t made in the present Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An AS to render, until c. 19. ante. the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Great Britain available for the Public Service, any thing Hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That whenever any Exche- Bank may ex-

quer Bills or Treasury Bills shall be in the Courfe of Payment, on change texch* uie Credit of which any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been <*uer previously lent or advanced by the Governor and Company of the	of	Pay-

Bank of England, and which shall be in the Hands of the Governor ment.

and Company of the said Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in lieu of such Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills as may be so in their Hands and in course pf Payment, to take and accept any other Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills which shall have been granted towards the Aids and Supplies of the Year upon which such Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills so in course of. Payment shall have been charged.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company to jav ' of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby respectively re- before Psriia. quired, from time to time to cause a true and perfect Account in ment yearly Ac-Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers ot the count of Exche--Amount of all Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, and other Govern- gill^Ac ment Securities whatever, which shall have been purchased by the purchased, or Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, or on which on which Ad-any Sum or Sums shall have been lent and advanced for the Public vances Service by the Governor and Company of the said Bank, in every h*y^^een made Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, (hewing whether any and to Uovernmcnt*

what

442	C.76,77,78.	59°	GEO. IIL	A.D. 1819.

what Amount of such Bills shall, before the making up of such Accounts, have been paid off or discharged, and what Amount of such Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities, shall then be in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the said Bank; and every such Account shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of January in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or otherwise within Fourteen Days after the then next fitting of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty fix, an Aft for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported.	[6th July 1819.]

52G.3.	4 TT 7 HE RE AS an Aft was made in the Fifty second Year of

*	VV the Reign of His present Majefty* intituled An AS for 4 amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pil-4 chords exported, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand 4 eight hundred and nineteen, by which a Bounty of One Shilling and

•	Sixpence was continued on every Calk of Pilchards exported to 4 Foreign Parts: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty 4 fhoula be further continued 5’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the. Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Bounty of Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the is. 6<L granted said Bounty of One Shilling and Sixpence given and granted by an hy 43 0*3* Aft made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Cask ofRl-^ Majesty, intituled An AS to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great chords contain- Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof for every Calk or ing 50 Gallons Veflel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons which shall be duly exported, con- exported to Foreign Parts, shall be and the fame is hereby continued dnued until ^ Until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and with other* twenty and shall, together with the other Bounties by the Bounties, ex- said last mentioned Aft granted or allowed on Pilchards exported, tended to Pil- be extended in due Proportion to and paid and allowed for all Pilchards exported chards which shall during that time be shipped and exported in Calks Gallons! °*	thirty two Gallons or upwards to Foreign Parts.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Aft for transferring the Duty of the Supervifor of the Receiver Generali Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Cuftoms in England.	[6th July 1819.3

46	G. 3. c. 150. 4 TT7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 4 V V Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the Better 4 Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Cuftoms m 5 3.	4 Great Britain, certain Duties are required to be performed or exe-

4 cuted by the Supervifor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and 4 Payments, or his Clerk : And Whereas it is expedient that thofit 4 Duties should be performed or executed by the Comptroller General 4 of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms in England, or his Clerk Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

A.D.im

59° GEO. III.

448

C. 78t 79.

mens, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Duties required by the said Act to be done, performed or executed by the Supervifor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, ihall be done, performed and executed by the Comptroller General of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or his Clerk, iuch Clerk being first duly authorised by him, and for whose Conduft he shall be aniwerable.

II. Provided always, That this Aft shall not be construed to make any other Alteration in the Regulations of the aforesaid Aft, than as herein contained.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.	[6th July 1819.]

*	TX/HEREAS an Aft was passed m the Forty fifth Year of the 1 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for allow-1 «g, under certain Rejlriftions, until the Firjl Day of Anguft One thou* ‘ fond eight hundred and Jtx% the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals,

*	Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation : ‘ And Whereas an Aft wa6 palled in the Fiftieth Year of His pre-

*	lent Majefty’8 Reign, intituled An A& to allow, until the Firjl Day i of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, ‘ Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation :

*	And Whereas certain Duties of Cuftoms were made payable by the ‘ said recited Afts, in lieu of which other Duties have been impofed

*	and made payable, and certain other Duties of Cuftoms of One 1 Shilling and Three pence are by the said Afts respectively made

*	payable for every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinders brought along 1 the Grand JvnQion or Paddington Canals, or brought down the ‘ River Thames nearer to London than certain Stones or Pofo in the ‘ said respective Afts severally mentioned, and which said last men-

*	tioned Duties are by the said Afts respectively directed to be paid ‘ into the Chamber of London, as for and in lieu of the Duty called 1 Orphan’s Duty, and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are ‘ payable to the Corporation of London upon Coals, Culm or Cinders 1 imported into the Port of London: And Whereas both the said ‘ recited Afts have been continued by several subsequent Afts and

*	are in force until the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hun-1 dred and nineteen, and it is expedient that the said Afts Ihould be i further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned :’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confont of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said several Afts, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said several and respective Duties of One Shilling and Three pence for every Ton of Coals, Culm or Cinders brought to London and Wejhnisifer under the Authority of the said recited Afts or either of them respectively, and sdfo so tar as the said recked Afts respectively relate to thtf Rules, Provisions, Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftaoas under which such Cods, Culm and Cinders may be

brought

Comptroller General of Customs to do the Duty of Supervisor of Receiver General's Receipts and Payments.

Not to make any other Alteration.

45 G. 3. c. 12?.

50 G.3. c.ixo.



Recited Acta, so far as relates to Duties and Conditions under which Coals are brought by Inland Navigation, continued t01 Aug. 1, 1820.

444« s C. 79,60.	59°	GEO.	III.	•	.	A.D.	1819\

brought to London and Wejlminftcr by Inland Navigation, and the said Duties, and all the Claufes in the said recited A&s relating to the faid'Duties respectively, and to the said Rules, Provisions, Condi-tiorrt, Regulations and Reftri&ions, shall be and the fame are hereby continued, and shall be in force from the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fira Day .of Augitfl One thousand eight hundred and twenty.*

ItosseuQrscf Lands, &c. may appoint Steward or Attorney to accept Common Recovery of Estates held by Antient Demesne.

Effect of such Recoveries.

43 G. 3. C.7J.

$ 1. authorising Sale of Lunatics’ Estates, extended to Estates held in Antient Demesne.

CAP. LXXX.

An A ft concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered by Aw torney in Courts of Antient Demesne; and to explain an A£t of His present Majesty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Eftates of Lunatics.	£6th	July 1819/)

*	XT7 HE REAS it is expedient that Perfons who can now fuffer

*	VV in Perfon, and not by Attorney, Commoq Recoveries of x such of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, held in Antient

*	Demesne, as are not held by Copy of Court Roll, Should be enabled*

*	to suffer the fame by Attorney as well as in Perfon May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Perlons and Perfon, not being under the Disability of Coverture, and for all and every Femes Covert and Feme Covert (every such Feme Covert being solely and secretly examined by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors whereof the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments held in Antient Demesne, but not by Copy of Court RolI? of which a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries is or are pror posed to be suffered, shall be nolden, or by his, her or their Steward or Stewards, or by the Deputy or Deputies of such Steward or Stewards) to appoint any Perfon or Perlons to be their, his or her Attorney or Attomies, to appear for the Perfons or Perfon so appointing either as Tenants or Tenant to the Plaint or Writ, or as Vouchees or Vouchee, and, as the Cafe may require, either to vouch over to Warranty, or to enter into the usual Warranty, and also vouch over to Warranty, and like wife to do all other lawful and necessary A&s for the suffering and perfe&ing of such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries refpettively ; and that the Common Recovery and Common Recoveries which shall be had and suffered as aforesaid shall have the like effect, but no other, as such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries would have had, if the Perfons or Perfon who shall so by Attorney suffer or join in suffering such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries had appeared in Court in Perfon, and suffered or joined in suffering such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries.

* II. And Whereas an Ad was passed in the Forty third Year of

and Doubts have arisen, whether the Provifions of the said A€t

*	extend to the Cafe of Lands held in Antient Demefne or by Copy

*	of Court Roll; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be re-

* moved j*

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 80,814

44a

1 moved ;* Be it therefore declared and enacted, That such of the Powers and Provifions.of the said recited Aft as authorise the Sale , or Mortgage of E dates belonging to Lunatics, shall be deeded and taken to extend to such Eftates as are held by Antient Demefng or by Copy of Court Roll.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for appointing Comm!(Boners to inquire concerning Charities in-England for the Education of the Poor; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales; to continue in force until the First Day of Augufl One thou fend eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

[6th July 1819.]

. * XTJ’HEREAS an A ft was made in the last Seflion of Parliament,

4 V\ intituled An AS for appointing Commissioners to inquire con-4 corning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor: And 4 Whereas certain Commiflioners were appointed for the Execution

*	of the said Aft, by a Commiflion under the Great Seal bearing f date the Twentieth Day of Augufl One thousand eight hundred 4 and eighteen; and the said Commiflioners have proceeded in the

*	Execution of the said Aft ; and it is highly expedient that the Pro-4 viffons of the said Aft should be extended to other Charities and 4 Tfufls created for charitable Ufes or Purposes, in England and 4 Wales, and that the Number of Commiflioners should therefore be f increased, &nd that the said Aft should be otherwise amendedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to issue a Commiflion under die Grreat Seal to any Number of Perfons not exceeding Twenty, who shall be constituted Commiflioners for the Purpofes of the said recited Aft and this Aft; and that the said Commiflioners, or any Two or more of them, shall have all such Powers and Authorities in the Execution of the said recited Aft and this Aft, as by the said recited Aft are given to or veiled in the Commiflioners, or any Three of them, under the said recited Aft, except where it is otherwise provided by this Aft; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Commiflioners to appoint and employ such Secretary, Clerks, Mef-fengers and Officers, not exceeding in the whole One Secretary, Five Clerks, Five Meflengers and Two other Officers, as they shall think meet, in such manner and under such Regulations as are contained in the said recited Aft, except as the fame is altered by this Aft; and that no Remuneration shall be given for and in respect of the Execution of the said recited Aft ana this Aft, to such of the Commiflioners to be appointed under this Aft as shall be Members of either House of Parliament, nor to any Number exceeding Ten of the other Commiflioners to be appointed under this Aft; and that it shall and may be lawful* for Ten of such last mentioned Commissioners to receive Remuneration, any thing in the said recited Aft

to

Recital of 58 G.j. c.9f« and that Cora, miseioners bad been appointed by Commission, acth Aug.i8i8«

Commissioners not exceeding 20 may be appointed for Execution of recited Act and this Act.

Appointment of Secretary, Ac.

Ten Commissioners, not being in Parliament, may receive Remuneration.

4 46

C.81.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

.Half yearly Reports by Five Commissioners.

Commissioners not obliged to report to Parliament.

Vacancies filled . up by the Crown.

Providing for S«l*ri« and Explores, Ac, of Commiasionen.

ioooL per Annum to each of Ten Commissioners payable Half yearly. Tax free and apportioned.

8cccL per Annum for travelling Expence*

to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Commissioners to be appointed under this Ad, or any Five or more of them, shall, once in each Half Year during the Continuance of their Commission, make such Report and Certificate to His Majesty, of-their Proceedings under the said recited Ad and this Ad, as by the said recited Ad is required to be made of the Proceedings of the Commissioners under that Ad, by such Commissioners or any Three of them.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not be obliged to make any Report or Reports of their Proceedings to the Two Houfes of Parliament, or either of them ; any thing in this or any other Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by the Death, Removal or Refignation of any such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, to nominate and appoint such Perfon or Perfons as he or they may think proper, for the supplying of such Vacancy or Vacancies.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or for the Commissioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treasury o? the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three of them, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, from time to time to iiTue and cause to be paid out of the Coifolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole tne Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in any one Year, for the Payment of Salaries to any Number of Commissioners, not exceeding Ten of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said recited AA and this AA refpeAively, and who shall not be Members of either House of Parliament; and that out of the said Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds to be iffiied as afore-said, a Salary at the Rate of One thousand Pounds a Year shall be payable and paid to each of such Ten Commissioners, the fame to be payable and paid Half yearly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Tenth Day of OBober and the Fifth Day of April in each Year, by even and equal Portions; and that in case of the Refignation or Death of any One or more of the said Commissioners, the Commissioners so resigning, or the Executors or Ad-miniftrators of such Commissioners so dying, shall be entitled to such proportional Part of such clear Salary as shall have accrued during the time that such Commiffioner shall have executed his said Office; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and empowered, in like manner to issue and cause to be paid out of the said Confolidated Fund any further Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds in any one Year, to be employed for the Payment of the travelling Expences of any of the Commissioners to be appointed under this AA, and of the Secretary, Clerks, Mefiengers and Officers of the said Commissioners, and in the paying other necessary Charges in and about the Execution of the said recited AA and this AA, in such manner and under such Regulations as is direAed by the said recited AA with refpeA to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds in the said AA mentioned.

V. And

A.D.1819.

59o GEO. ni.

C. 81*

447

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Aft, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to examine into and to investigate the Amount, Nature and Application of all Eftates and Funds of what Nature or Kind soever, and the Produce thereof, destined or intended to be applied either to the Purpofes in the laid recited Aft mentioned, or to the Support of any Charity or Charities, or charitable Donation or Donations, for the Benefit of poor Perfons in England and Wales, or held under Trufts created for any charitable Ufes or Purpofes whatever in England or Wales (except as is hereinafter provided and excepted), and to examine into and to investigate all Breaches of Trust, Irregularities, Frauds, Abuses, or supposed Abufes or Mifcondust, in relation to and in the Management or Appropriation, or Nonappropriation or Mifap-propriation of such Eftates and Funds, in like manner and with tne like Powers, and under the like Regulations and Reftriftions in all respects, as are mentioned and ‘contained in the said recited Aft with respect to the Charities mentioned in the said recited Aft, except only so far as the fame are expressly repealed or altered, or otherwise provided for by this Aft.	*

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Petition or Information prefeoted, filed or prosecuted under this Aft, nor any Anfwer thereto, nor any Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits or Proceedings, nor any Order or Decree upon the fame or in relation thereto, nor any Copies of any such Petition, Information, Anfwer, Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits, Order or Decree, nor of any other Proceedings whatsoever under this Aft, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever; and that whenever any Copy of any Will relating to any Charity, or any Extraft from any such Will, shall be required for the Purpofes oi this Aft, by any Order signed by the said Commissioners under this Aft, or any Two of them, from the Office of the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop of Canterbury in DoSors* Commons, or from any other Offices where such Will IhaU have been proved ; or whenever any Copy or Extraft of any Deed or Deeds mall be so required by such Commissioners from any Perfon or Perfons, such Copy or Elxtraft shall not be fnbjeft or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Aft or any of the Provifions therein contained shall not extend or be conftruea to extend to either of the Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any College or Hall within the fame; nor to any Schools or other Endowments of which the said Univerfities, Colleges or Halls, are Tnzfteee; nor to the Colleges of Wejlmtnder, Eton or Winchejler ; nor to the Chester House; nor to the Schools of Harrow or Rugby, or any of them; nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England or Wales; nor to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Dcftford Strond; nor to any Coliege, Free School, or other charitable Iomtution or Donation or Charity whatever, which has Special Vi-fitors, Governors or Overseers, appointed by the Founders; nor to any Funds applicable to the Benefit of any Perfons of the Jewish Pmuafion, or of the People called Quakers, or of Perfons of the Roman Catholic Persuasion, and which shall be under the Superintendence and Controul of Perfons of such Perfuafions respectively:

Provided

Powers of Commissioners extended to all Charities in * England and Wales.

Exception.

No Stamp Ditties on Proceedings;

nor on Copies or Extracts of Wills,*©, required by Commissioners.

Proviso for Universities, Public Schools, &c.

4*18

Commissioners to report thereon.

Proviso for Charities wholly or chiefly supported by voluntary Contributions, &c.

Proviso for Acts of Commissioners under recited Act heretofore done..

58 <5. 3. c. 91. and this Act construed together.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

C. SI.	59° GEO. Ilf.	A;D.	1819;

Provided always, that the said Commlflkmers shall report the' NaOftes of all such Charities aforesaid as have Special Vifitors, Governors or Overseers appointed, to His Majesty, and both Houfes of Parliament.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Aft or any of the Provifions therein contained shall not extend or be conftnied to extend to any Inftitution, Eftablifhment or Society for Charitable Purposes, wholly or principally maintained by voluntary Contributions, and under the Superintendence and Controul of any Committee or Governors, or other . Perfon or Perfons chosen or appointed out of or by voluntary Subfcribers thereto ; and that the Application of any Donation or Bequeft to the general Purpofes of any such Inftitution, Eftablifhment or Society, in aid of such voluptary Contributions, shall not be subject to the Examination or Interference of the Cotn-miflioners appointed under this Aft : Provided always, that the Management and Application of the Rents and Profits of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Inftitution, Eftabliftiment or Society, for the Period of Twenty Years or upwards befefre the palling of this Aft, shall in all such Cafes be subject to the Examination of the said Commiftioners at their Difcretion.

IX.	Provided alfJ, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall alter, invalidate, infringe or impugn any Aft, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which at any time before the palling of this Aft, hath been done or performed, or which after the palling of this Aft and before the Appointment of Commiftioners under the Authority of this Aft, shall or may be done or performed by any Com-miflioners appointed under the said recited Aft of the last Seftion of Parliament, or by their Secretary, Clerks, Officers or Servants, or by any Perfon or Perfons under the Orders of the said Commiftioners or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Aft ; but that all such Afts, Matters and Things shall be as eood^ valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if this Aft had never been pasted or made; any thing in this Aft to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the said recited Aft of the last Seftion of Parliament, so far as the fame is not expressly altered or repealed by this Aft, shall remain in force ; and that the said recited Aft and this Aft shall be construed together as one Aft, so far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other, and as if the Claufes and Provifions in. this Aft contained had been inserted in the said recited Aft of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, and had made Part thereof.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That any Aftion or Suit which shall be brought against any Commiftioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said recited Aft or this Aft, or against any Perfon or Perfons acting under the Authority or by the Order of such Commiftioners, or any of them, for any thing done or acted by him or them under the said recited Aft or this Aft, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed (in respect of which such Aftion or Suit shall be brought or commenced) and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Aftion or Suit may plead the General IiTue, and

S've the said recited Aft and this Aft, and the Special. Matter in vidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if such Aftion or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the time so limited for

bringing

A.D. 1819,

59° GEO. III.

C.81,82.

449

bringing the fame, then the Jury shall find a Verdi d for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Cafe, or if the Jury shall find a Verdi & for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Adion after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the fame manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cafes.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the said recited Ad and this Ad shall continue in force until the Fir ft Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and tw enty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be passed in this present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for enabling the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland to pu^hafe Premifes for erecting Docks, Warehoufes and Offices in Dublin.

[6th July 1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Ah A3 to enable 4 the Commiffumers of Cu/loms and Port Duties in Ireland to purchafc

*	Premifes for the erecting additional Docks, Warehoufes and Offices, in € Dublin, certain Powers were given to the said Commiflioners for

*	carrying the said Ad into Execution: And Whereas further Powers ‘ are'neceffary to be given for more fully effeduating the Purpofes of

*	the said Ad 5*. Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, bv and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised arid empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to order and direct any Perfon or Perfons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, to close and flop up any Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley, or any Part thereof, contained within or pafling through any Ground or Premifes purchased or to be purchased by the said Commiflioners, for the Purpofes in the said Ad mentioned; provided sflways, that the said Commiflioners, or any Three *of them, (nail give Tdn Days previous public Notice in the Dublin Gazette, and in any One of the. Newlp&pers publiftied in Dublin, of their Intention to flop or close up any such Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley, or any Part thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to renew fufch Warrant or Warrants from time to time, as Occafion may require*.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief 59 Geo. III.	G	g	Governor

Treble Costa.

Continuance of Acta.

Act amended, &c. this Session.

55 <*.3. c.144.

Si.

Commissioners empowered to stop tip Streets, Alleys, &c. on Notice in Dublin Gazette.

Commissioners may treat with Parties injured by stopping up Streets, &c.

450

C.82.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

end make Compensation to them.

In case of Disagreement, Amount of Compensation to be ascertained by a Juiy ;

and paid out of Custom Duties by Commissioners.

Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to contraft or agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House or Houses, Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Grounds and PremifeB, or with the immediate Leffee’or Leffees of any such House, Building or Ground, or with any Body •or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or TrufteeS, Committee or Committees of any Ceftuicjue Trusts, Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, for CompenfatiOn to be made for any Damage or Lofs that such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Leffee or LefTees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, Ceftuique Trusts, Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, shall or may appear, on due Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said Commif-fioners, or any Three of them, to have sustained, or be likely to sustain, for or by reason of the (topping up, altering or changing any Street or Streets, Road or Pafsage, Lane or Alley, within or leading through any Premifes purchased or to be purchased by the said Commissioners, for the Purpofes in the said Aft mentioned; and such Agreement shall be sufficient in Law, and binding to all Intents and Purposes; and such Truftee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, or Committed or Committees, shall be and are hereby autho-rifed effectually to release the said Commissioners, their Heirs and Succeffors, from all such Lofs and Damages; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by -and -with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, to pay to such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commilfioners, or any Three of them, shall think reason able for such Damages as aforesaid, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties of Cuftoms payable in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commif-fioners, or any Three of them, cannot agree with such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lellee or Leffees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Ceftuique Trusts, Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics or any of them, as to the Amount of such Sum or Sums to be paid as Compensation for such Damage as aforesaid, that then and in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Perfon or Perfons who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured by the flopping any such Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to lay their Claim for Compensation or Account of the fame by Petition before the said Commissioners ; and the said Commissioners,or any Thre£ of them, are hereby autho-rifed and required to cause the Amount of such Compenfation for such Damage or Injury so complained of, to be ascertained by a Jury or Juries before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in like manner, and with all and every the Hke Powers to them in that behalf, as by the said recited Aft they are authorised to use and exercise with respect to the Valuation and Purchafe of the Right, Title and Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons in and to Grounds, Houfes and Buildings, by the said Aft directed to be valued and afeertained ; and the Said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorised and required to pay all such Damages as shall be so awarded, and ftieh other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be found neceffury far the

Pur-

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

C. 82»	iSl

Purpofes of this A&, out of any Money in their Hands anting from the Duties of Cuftoms payable in Ireland.

* IV. And Whereas the said Commissioners of Cuftoms, in pur- Recited tint

*	fuance of the said recited Aft, and for the purpose of carrying the

c fame into E&&, have heretofore, by themselves or by Perfons stopped

*	a&ing under their Authority, (lopped up, altered or changed by Commia-

*	certaui Streets, Ways, Paffages or Roads through the said Premises, lioners.

*	for the purpose of .forwarding and expediting the Public Works,

*	and which was absolutely unavoidable and necessary to the Pur-

*	pofes of the said Ad ; and therefore the said Commissioners, and

*	thofe acting by their Authority and under them, ought to be in-

*	demnified for having so done, under the Conditions and Provifoes

*	hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore e'nacted, That all Adions Actions, &c, or Suita, either at Law or in Equity, and all Indi&ments, Inform- against Persons ations, and all Profecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have llav’m8 stopped been or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Perfon or Per- ll£

Tons for or by reason of such Perfon or Perfons having heretofore on summary ” (lopped up, altered or changed, or caused to be flopped up, altered Application, or changed, any Street, Roam, Lane, Court, Alley or Pastage, within or through the (aid Premifes so purchased or leading through the time or any Part thereof, or for or by reason of any other Ad,

Matter or Thing commeneed, appointed or dotie in relation to the Premises, shall be and the fame are hereby made void and of no efsect; and the Courts in which refpediveiy such Adion or Adions,

Suit or Suits, or Proceedings, have been or shall be commeneed, are hereby authorised and required, on Application made to such Courts for the Purpofe in a summary Way, and it appearing to such Courts by Affidavit or the Admiffion of the Parties, that the said Adion s.

Suits, Indidments or Proceedings were commenced or prosecuted for the purposes hereinbefore mentioned, to order that all such Adion9,

Suits, Indidments or Proceedings shall cease and be stayed; and the said Commissioners and all and eve A such Perfon or Perfons shall be and they and he are and is hereby for ever acquitted, difoharged and indemnified, of, from and against all such Adions, Suits, India* ments and Proceedings accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Parties having lawful for any Perfon.or Perfons who shall have commenced or pro- c<>mEhence<r ceeded on any such Adion, Suit or Indi&ment, o* taken such Pro- *uc^ ceedings, to prefer his, her or their Petition to the said Commif- pensation to™' fioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, in manner hereinbefore directed Commissioners, with respect to Perfons claiming Compenfation for Damages, thereby or in de&ult claiming Compenfation for such Damages as he or they may conceive °f agreeing themselves entitled to, including such Cods as may have been incurred in any Adion, Suit, Indidment or Proceeding, which may have been * Ury‘ - r taken by him or them as aforesaid, and to have and receive such Compenfation for such Damages, Lofs and Coils as the said Com-	;

miffioners shall deem reasonable, and which shall be agreed upon	,

between them and the Party or Parties so claiming Compenfation as aforesaid ; and in case no such Agreement can be made, then, it shall be lawful for such Perfon or Perfons to have and receive such Com^' penfation for such Damage, Lofs and Coils, as may be awarded by a Jury, to whom the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to refer the fame, in like manner and according to the several Powers, Provisions and Regulations in the. said recited A&~and this ..v	Gg‘2	Ad

590 GEO. III.

C. 82,85.

A.D. 1819.

The Duties end Drawbacks specified in Schedule levied and allowed, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

Warehoused Goods to paj the Duties though fan-person Dtran July s, itl9

&C.

Ad contained, and which Compenfation the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to ipake and pay as afore said.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An AGt to grant Duties of Cuftoms and to allow Drawbacks on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Inland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Cultoms in Ireland.

* [7th July 1819O

‘ Mod Gracious Sovereign,

‘ TT7E, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the * W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ‘ Ireland, in Parliament assembled; towards railing the necessary ‘ Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your 1 Majedy’s Government, do molt humbly beseech Your Majesty that ‘ it may be ena&edand be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, Hie Heirs and Succeflbrs, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon" the Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandife mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, the several Duties of Cuftoms as inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Schedule, according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties; and that on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandife from Ireland (except to Great Britain )y there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties of Importation, as the fame are also refpedivefy inserted, fpedfied and fet forth in the said Schedule; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be in lieu and full Satisfa&ion of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Aft or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad : Provided always, that such of the Duties in the said Schedule mentioned, as are imposed on certain Articles which shall be imported after certain Days mentioned in the said Schedule, shall be payable from and after such Days respectively, and not before*

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and fet forth in this A ft, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandife therein mentioned as having been imported into Ireland* shall have been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been fecund without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first: paid, and* as shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or lecuied on or after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or on or after any Day on which any such Duties shall become payable in pursuance or by Authority of anjr Ad or Ads ofx Parliament in force for that Purpose, although fuch

Goods,

A.D: 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.83.

4S3

2s. jfd. British Currency, Part of Duty of 8b. 7<L on crery

Goods, Wares or Merchandife may hate been imported before the

said Days respectively: Provided always, that such Duties /hall Proviso as to

not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Men- time of charging

chandise, until the time when the Duties, which such Goods, Wares Dutlcs-

or Merchandife /hall have been subject tp before the said Days re*

fpeftiveiy, would have been payable by Law.

III.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the Duties herein Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation into Ireland mentioned may of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandife specified in the said be secured by Schedule to this Aft annexed, are of /hall be permitted to be fecured

by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Aft and the said Schedule granted or imposed on such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, may in like manner, and under the fame Rules,

Regulations,. Reftriftions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

IV.	Andi be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight * hundred and nineteen, and until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, 7cu un the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence Briti/h Currency, Part Cxrt of Cotton of the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven pence Briti/h Currency Wool imported payable at the time of the palling of this Aft, on every Hundred f™™ British Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of and imported Colonies m directly from any Briti/h Colony or Plantation in America, /ha1J be and the fame is hereby iufpended ; and that from and after the said July fg22;

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until and 3d. per and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Cwt-and twenty two, the Sum of Six Shillings and Three pence Briti/h Currency, and no more, shall be paid on every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Cotton Wool imported into Ireldhd; and in case Cotton W00T the Importer or Proprietor of any Cotton Wool or Waite of Cotton of any Country Wool, the Produce of any Brittfi) Colony or Plantation in America, bas been not being imported directly from thence, or of any Cotton Wool or Wafle 01 Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place,	jg^

which shall have been secured in Warehoufes at any time on or to pay the Duty before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and on being taken twenty, shall be desirous of taking any such Cotton Wool or Wafle out for Con-of Cotton* Wool out of such Warehouse, after the said Fifth Day of	,n

January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for the purpose of n being used or consumed in Ireland\ then and in lueh Cafe the Duties

. imposed by this Aft, and the Schedule thereto annexed, on such Cotton Wool or Wafle of Cotton Wool imported after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, according to the Value thereof, shall be payable and paid on inch Cotton Wool or Wafle of Cotton Wool so taken out of Warehouse, notwithfland-ing such Cotton Wool or Wafle of Cotton *Wool may have been imported and warehoused on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

V.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuflome and Port Duties in Ireland, by Wool on Proof and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of that Orders His Majeffcy’s Treasury, or any Three of them, upon Proof to the were given for Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Cufloms and Port Duties **5“^“^**" that Orders were given for the Purchafe of any Sheeps Wool or ^p^ymeotoC

GgS	Lambs	.g.pjjb.

4$1

C. 83.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Duties payable before Act on Produce herein mentioned of Fish taken at Newfoundland, and on Cranberries, &c. of that Country imported, suspended till July 5, 1814.

Duties payable cm Goods exported from Ireland to Newfoundland suspended till July 5, 1824.

Proviso as to Entry and land &c.

Drawbacks to remain which were payable on Goods exported from Ireland under any Act in force be foie passing of this Act.

JLarabrVfool at any time before the pafliiig of thi8 Aft, and that such Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool shall be imported into Ireland at any time after the pafling of this A61, to admit such Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool to Entry, upon Payment of the Duty of One Penny fer Pound only ; and that^luch Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool (o imported, in pursuance of any such Orders, shall be subject and liable to the said Duty of One Penny fer Pound, and no more, on Import* ation into Ireland; any thing m this A61, or the Tables thereto annexed, to the- contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enafted* That the Payment of the several Duties of Cuftoms imposed by any A61 or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the pafling of tnis Ad, on the Importation into Ireland of Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins, the Produce of Fifh or Creature* living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Maiefty’s Subjeds carrying on such Fiftiei;y from that Istand; and alio the Duties payable under any such Ad or Ads on Cranberries, Fox Skins, Otter Skins, Wolf Skins, Bear Skins, Cat Skins, Beaver Skins, and on Timber being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported dire6Uy from thence, ihall be and the fame are hereby suspended, and the said Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Articles from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four iaclufive ; and also, that all Duties payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, exported from Ireland to the said Ifland of Newfoundland, under an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for granting Duties of Cufloms on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife from Ireland, shall be and the fame are hereby in like manner suspended, and shall not re* fpeftively be charged or payable, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four incluiive; any thing in the said A6b, or any of them, or in this Aft to the contra™ notwith-standing: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandife ’ shall be duly entered ana landed, and shall be subject in every respect to all the Regulations required by Law ; and that the several Duties hereby suspended, shall revive and become payable, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, in such and the. like manner as if the said Sufpenflon of Duty had not taken place.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable upon pr in respect of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandife mentioned and specified in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force immediately before the pafling of this Aft, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Gpods, Wares and Merchandife as shall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof under such Afts respectively, and as shall be exported from ■ Ireland at any time after the said Firth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that the several and respective Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable by or under this Aft, or the Schedule thereto £inexed, or any .of them, fhaU be paid Ind allowed only on the Exportation of fqcb Articles as shall have paid the several and respective Duties imposed thereon by this Aft, and the Schedule thereto annexed*

VIII. And

AJ0..I319.

59° GEO. III.

*55

CL S3.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw-bqrks in this A€t and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Briti/b Currency ; and that all the said Duties Ihall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom* of Great Britain and Ireland; and that all the said Duties and Drawbacks in the -faid Schedule specified, mentioned and contained, ihall be paid and received upon the Several Articles and Things in this A& and the said Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and Contained, according to thb Tale, Weight, Gauge, Meafure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in proportion upon, any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Meafure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

4 IX. And Whereas by the Several A6U for the Union of Great 4 Britain and Irelandit was among other things provided and enacted, 4 that all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods 4 into either Country, should, on their Export to the other, be drawn 4 back, or the Amount, if any were retained, should be placed to 4 the Credit of the Country to which they should be exported, So

*	long as the Expenditure of the United Kingdom should be defrayed

•	by proportional Contributions: And Whereas, by an A & made in 4 the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 4 AH to unite and consolidate into One Fund, all the Public Revenues of 4 Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof 4 to the general Service of the 'United Kingdom, it is enacted, that from 4 and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred 4 and Seventeen, all Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money 4 and Revenues, of what Nature or Kind Soever, which shall or may 4 constitute or form Part of, or be directed to be carried to the 4 Several Funds called the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain and 4 the Confolidated Fund of Ireland respectively, shall be carried to, 4 and shall be and become, and shall form and constitute One general 4 Fund, to be called The Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom 4 of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Confolidated Fund 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after Pay-4 ment and Satisfa&ion of certain Charges in the said last recited A& 4 mentioned, shall be indiscriminately applied to the Service of the 4 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof* 4 as shall be duelled by Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 continue the Payment of Drawbacks on the Export of Foreign and 4 Colonial Goods from Ireland to Great Britain ;9 Be it therefore coa&ed. That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all Duties of Cuftoms and Excife charged and paid on the Importation into Ireland of any Foreign or Colonial "Goods, Wares or Merchandise, shall, on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of such Goods, Wares ^nd Merchandise, be drawn back, and paid and allowed to* the Exporters of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions as are required by any A& or A&s in force m Ireland immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 X. And Whereas, by Several A£b in force in Ireland, Duties 4 of Cuftoms are imposed on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandise imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their

G g *	4 Growth

Duties and Drawbacks in British Currency.

Duties earned to Consolidated Fund of United Kingdom, and levied according to Tale, &c. of Goods.

39* 40 G.3. c. 67. Art. 6.

56 G. 3. Cm 9$.

5 i-

Drawback of Import Duties on Foreign or Colonial Goods exported from Ireland to G. B.

Foreign Goods imported into Ireland fVom G. B. to pay Duty as if they

G.4&

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

hod been imported direct f rom Foreign Parts.

Regulations lor ascertaining the Place of Growth, &c. of such Goods.

Wine in Bottles may be imported for private Use from any Ports withiu the Limits of £. 1. C. on Payment of Duty.

Declaration by Importer.

Owners of Foreign Spirits and Wines lost from Staving e^in the un-shipping, may have Duty remitted, Bond cm celied, &c.;

‘ Growth or Produce, and higher Duties of Cuftoms are imposed on

•	the like Goods, Wares ana Merchandise, if imported not diredUy

•	from the Place of their Growth or Produce ; and it is expedient ‘ that the like Duties should be paid on all such Foreign Goods 4 imported into Ireland from Great Britain, as if such Foreign Goods

•	had been imported from Foreign PartsBe it therefore enacted. That on the Importation of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife into Ireland from Great Britain, such Import Duty of Cuftom8 shall be paid and payable, as if such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife had been imported into Ireland front Foreign Parts, either directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not diredUy from such Place, according as they were in fact at first so imported from Foreign Parts into Great Britain; and that for the purpose of afeertainmg whether any such Goods, Wares or Merchandife were first imported into Great Britain diredUy from the Place of their Growth or* Produce, or not diredUy from such Place, it shall be specified and fet forth in every Cocket or Clearance of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife exported from Great Britain to Irelandy whether such Goods, Wares or Merchandife were first imported into Great Britain diredUy from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not diredUy from such Place, and the Import Duty of Cuftoms on such Goods, Wares or Merchandife shall be payable accordingly on such Goods when imported into Ireland from Great Britain; and if it shall not be exprefied and fet forth in such Cocket or Clearance of such. Goods, Wares or Merchandise, whether the fame were so first imported into Great Britain diredUy from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not diredUy from such Place, then and in such Cafe such Goods, Wares and Merchandife shall be and be deemed liable to such Duties of Cuftoms, on their Importation into Ireland from Grcnt Britain9 as if the fame had been imported into Ireland from Foreign Parts, not diredUy from the Place or their Growth or Produce; any thing in any Act cr Adfcs to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful to import into Ireland from any Parts within the Limits ot the Charter granted to the United Company t>f Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, any Wine whatever in Bottles for private Ufe, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of Cuftoms as Excife, due and payable- on the Importation of such Wines into Ireland: Provided always, that the Importer of such Wine, or his known Agent or Factor, shall make a Declaration before the Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation, stating the Nature and Quantity of such Wine, and that the fame is for private Ufe, and not intended to be fold ; and that such Wine shall be regularly entered add landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Cuftoms.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being respectively, to repay or allow to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Confignees of Foreign Spirits, Wine or other Liquors which shall be loft by accidental Staving on (hipboard, or in the

unfhipping

ID. 1819*

59° GEO. III.

C.8S.

457

unlhipping thereof before the landing thereof, the Ditties of Cuftom* which final have become payable, or shall have been paid for or in refpefit of such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Cuftoms, and to cancel and vacate the Cuftoms Bond for or in respect of all. such Spirits, Wine and other Liquors, for which no such Duties shall have been paid, but for which Security shall have been given by Bond taken for or in respect of the Warehoufing thereof, before Payment of the Duties under or by virtue of any Aft or Ads in force m Ireland, for permitting Goods imported to be ware-houfed or secured without Payment of Duty, and which shall be so loft by such accidental (taring : Provided always nevertheless, that no on Proof herein such Allowance or Repayment shall be made, nor any such Duty be mentioned remitted, nor any such Bond, or any Part thereof, be cancelled or vacated, uidefs Proof shall be made to the Satisfaftion of the said Commissioners, that such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft nionen of by such accidental staving, and not from any Want pf due Care or Custom* Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Con-fignee thereof, or. his, her or their Agent: Provided also, that every such Bond shall be and remain in full force and effect, as to all the	*

Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the fame shall relate, and which shall not be so proved to have been loft by such accidental having, and for or in respect whereof the Duties of Cuftoms shall not be so remitted; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwith-ft anding.

XIIl.	And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties mad Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties, by. this Aft granted or allowed	.

and made payable, shall be raised, levied, coUested, paid and applied, °^ leirlcd in the dune manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, ana fub- pna* je& to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Direftions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the railing, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties, Drawbacks or Bounties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into and exported from Ireland^ or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in .the Fourteenth and Fir- *4 ft 15 C. tcenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the ®*

Second, intituled An Ad far settling the Excife or New Jmpoft upon His

Majesty, His Heirs and Succejforsy according to the Book of Rates therein

mferted; or by an A£t made in the Forty sixth Year of His present 46 G. 3. c. 106.

Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of

the several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the

Management of the Comnufftoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the

Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any

other A£t or Affcs in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of

Cuftoms and Excife or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules

and Dire&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and

exuded, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or

Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Ad passed in the Fourteenth

and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles

the Second, or in and by any other A61 or Acts as aforesaid, is

provided.	•

• XIV. And Whereas, by the several A6ls in force for the grant-4 rag of Duties of Cuftoms on Goods, Wares and Merchandife im-

4 ported

458

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819*

When Duties of Customs or Excise payable in G. B. oh Articles imported are reduced, Treasury to cause a Schedule to be prepared of like Articles imported into Ireland, and specify therein Butin so reduced accord- ' ingly; and Drawbacks specified in like Manner.

And the Sums specified deemed the reduced Duties and Drawbacks, and paid and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks.

C. 83.

‘ ported into Ireland, it is enacted, that whenever it shall happen that 4 any of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife,

« granted or made payable in Great Britain upon any Articles im-ported into Great Britain, upon which Duties of Cuftoms are im-‘ posed in Ireland, shall cease and determine, or be repealed, or be or 4 become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provifion shall be made,

‘ that so much of the Duties of Cuftopis payable in Ireland, as shall * be equal to the Duties which' shall so cease or determine or be re-1 pealed in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine, or ‘ be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after ‘ the time when such Duties of Cuftoms or Excife shall cease or ‘ determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in ‘ Great Britain, and that the Duties of Cuftoms made payable in Ire-*■ AWfhall be reduced accordingly For the better carrying of the said Provifion into effect, be it enacted, That whenever any Aft or Afts shall be palled for repealing any Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms or Excife on any Goods, Wares or Merchandife imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, it shall and may . be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom* of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to cause a Table or Schedule to be prepared under the Direction of the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in - Ireland, enumerating the several Articles imported into or exported from Great Britain, on which the Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms (and Excife if any) shall be left than the Duties or * Drawbacks of Cuftoms payable or allowable on the like Articles imported into or exported from Ireland, in which Table- or Schedule the * reduced Amount of Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms which shall in conCequence become payable on such Articles respectively, imported into or exported from Ireland, shall be stated and fet forth in Figures opposite each Article respectively so enumerated, which said reduced Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms on fuck Articles imported into or exported from Ireland, shall be equal to the Amount of the Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms (and Excife if any) payable on fuch- Articles.imported into or exported from Great Britain ; and a Copy of such Table- or Schedule, when approved by the said Commiffigners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be signed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury,. or any Three of them, and shall be transmitted to the said Cotn-miflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, with such Directions respecting the fame as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper and - necessary ; and the Sums Specified in fuen Table or Schedule so approved and signed, shall be deemed and taken to be the proper reduced Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms payable or allowable in Ireland, on or in respect of such Articles, and shall be levied and paid, and allowed in like manner as the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms on the like Articles under any Aft or Afta in force in Ireland: Provided always, that no such Deduftion shall take place upon any Article imported into Ireland, which shall not pay a Duty of Cuftoms equal in Amount to the whole Duty of Cuftoms (and Excife if any) which shall be payable oq the like Article imported into Great Britain.	•

‘ XV. And Whereas it is expedient to assimilate the Rate of 4 Drawback on the Exportation of Cordage from that Part of the

4 United

59° GEO. 111.

C. 83.

459

‘ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, with < that which is by Law payable on the Exportation of the fame	;

4 Article from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this A&, Drawback on ' the fame Drawback and Allowance shall be paid and allowed, and Exportation of parable and allowable, upon the Exportation of Cordage • from /re- Cordage from land to Foreign Parts, which is now by Law payable and allowable ^Exportatio^ on the like Exportation of the fame Artkle from Great Britain; of that Article, any Aft or Ads in force, in Ireland to the contrary thereof notwith- from G. B.

* SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be paid, and Drawbacks to be allowed, upon tljc following Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Ireland from every Place except Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

Tea imported from Great Britain, having been fold by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, at any time on or after the nth Day of June 1819, for every ioo/. of the Value of all such Tea fold at such Sales, at or under 21. per lb.

—— above 2j. per lb.

Pepper, Qiot being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper, pr Guinea Pepper), the Pound Coffee, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Pound -

------ the Produce of any Place within the Limits

of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Pound —■ the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Pound	•	-

Cocoa Nuts, which shall be imported into Ireland from and after the 10th Day of October 1819,

■■■	  the	Produce	of any British. Colony or

Plantation, the Pound — —	the	Produce	of any Place within the

. Limits of the Charter granted to the ’ United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Pound	-

■ .	■	the	Produce	of any other Country or

Place, the Pound

Duty.	Drawback.
British Currency.	
£. * A	£. /. d.
96 0 0	•
100 0 0	—**
026	—
010	0 1 0
0 1 6	016
026	026
010	—
010		 .
026	026

A.D. 1819.

	Duty.	Drawback.
	Britifh Currency.	
Rice, ^he Produce of -and imported directly from any British Colony, Plantation or Territory, the cwt. -  —	if imported rough and in the Hulk, the cwt. -	 not being the Produce of and imported directly  from any British Colony or Plantation or Territory, and Rice the Produce of any other Country or Place, the cwt.  	if imported rough and in the Hulk, the cwt. -  Snuff, imported from any Place whatever, the Pound Wool, Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool, viz.  4	the Produce of any Foreign Country in Europe,  -	- - until the ioth Day of O&ober 1819  inclusive, the lb. »  -	- - from and after the ioth Day of O&ober  1819,	the lb. -  —	■ ■ the Produce of any other Foreign Country,  -	- - until the 5th Day of January 1820 in-  elusive, the lb. -  -	- - from and after the 5th Day of January  1820,	the lb. -  —— the Produce of and imported directly from any British Colony or Territory,  ... until the 5th Day of January 1823 lUm elusive, the lb. -  -	- - from the 5th Day of January 1823 until  the 5th Day of January 1826 inclusive, the lb. - -  -	- - from and after the 5th Day of January  1826, the lb.  Cotton Wool,  Plantation in America, not imported directly from thence, and Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, which shall be imported into Ireland from and after the 5th Day of January 1820,  -	- - in a British built ship, for  every 160/. of the Value  -	- - in a Ship not British built,  for every 100/. of the Value	£. /. d.  050  026  0 iy 0  0	10 0 060  001 006  001  006  001  003  006  600  1200	£. x. d.  022  010  022  O L O

CAP.

A.D.18t9.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 84.

461

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Ad to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improving the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Presentments, and for a more effectual Iuveftigation of fuen Prefcntments, and for further securing a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under the fame.

[7th July 1819.]

4 WHEREAS It is highly expedient that the- Laws in force in < W Ireland* for the making, repairing and improving of Roads, 1 and for the building, repairing and maintaining of Public Works, 4 by the Application of Sums to be raised by Presentments of Grand 4 Juries should be amended, and that Provifion should be made for « the more effectual Inveftigation of all Applications for such Pre-4 fentments, and for accounting for the Expenditure of the Money 1 raised thereby Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the

a of this A A, no Affidavit shall be necessary to empower any Jury in Ireland to make any Presentment for the making or repairing, or improving any Road or Footpath, or lowering any Hill or filling any Hollow m any existing or intended Road, or for building, repairing or altering, widening or extending any Bridge, Pipe, Sewer or Gullet thereon, or for building or repairing any Wall.or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any Ifeep Banks of Earth from falling .upon it, or for erecting any Fence or Railway or Wall For the Protection of Travellers from any dangerous Precipice or Hole, or for filling any Ditches, or making toy Fences or Drains, or for building, altering, repairing dr enlarging asy Court House, Seffions House, Workhouse, House of Correction, Gaol, County 'Infirmary or Hofpital, or for executing any other Public Work, any ACt or ACts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwftbstanding; but that instead of such Affidavits, Applications made as near as may be in some of the Forms marked A. B. C. D.

E.F.G.H.LK. L. in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, accompanied with such Eftitnates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections or Elevations as are required bv fjich Schedule to be annexed to each Application refpeCtivelv, shall, after having been previously taken into Confideration by the Magistrates assembled in Special Seffions in manner directed by this ACt, be the only Authority for empowering any Grand Jury to make Presentments for the Purpofes stated in each such Application refpeCtively.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this ACt it shall and may be lawful for every Magiftrate of any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or (fity and County in Ireland) who shall be seised of a Freehold Eft ate or Eitates, in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, or for Life, of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds at the least, situate in any Part of Ireland, or who shall be Heir Apparent to any Perfon so seised, and for every Magif-trate who shall be seised or pofleflied of a Leafehold Eft ate or Eftates for Life, or for a Term of Years whereof not less than Fourteen Years shall be usexpired, of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds

at

No Affidavit required for Authorising Presentments.

Instead of Affidavits, Applications art to be made in the Form herein mentioned. .

Certain Magistrates, and qualified as herein mentioned, to hold a Special Sessions for the Purposes of this Act.

462

C. 84.

59°GEO. IIL

A.D.1M9.

at the least, situate in any Part of Ireland, or who being seised of a Leafehold Eflate for Life, not being of such Value, shall be also possessed of a Leafehold Eftate or Eftates for a Term of Years as aforesaid, which, together with such Eflate for Life shall amount to the clear yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds at the least, in any Part of Ireland; and for every Perfon possessed of the clear Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, over and above all his just Debts, and refi-dent in the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein he shall be a Magistrate, and for every Ma-giftrate of any City and Liberties, County of a City, Countv of a' Town, or City and County, by virtue, of the Charter or Charters incorporating the fame; and where in any County of a City, or County of a Town incorporated by Charter, and consisting of a Chief Magistrate, Aldermen and Burgeffes, there shall not be more than Three Magistrates, the Aldermen of the said Corporation shall be entitled to aft as Magistrates for the Purpofes of this A61; and for every ‘Magiftrate being a Re6tor or Vicar of anv Reftory or Vicarage of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, within the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein he shall be a Magistrate; and for every Magiftrate in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or City and County, really and bond jide residing therein, who shall be Agent to the Owner or Owners of any Eftate or Eftates therein of the annual Value of Six , thousand Pounds for the Eftate or Eftates therein belonging to such Owner, amounting to the said annual Value, whether {uch Agent shall or shall not be seised or possessed in his own Right of any Estate, to assemble, and all such Magistrates are hereby required to assemble from time to time, and to hold a Special Seflions for the Purpofes of this A6t, in such Place and Places, and at such time and times, and within and for such Baronies, Half Baronies, or other Portions of the County, County of a City, County of a*Town, or City and County, for which they shall be Magistrates, as the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, shall from time to time have appointed for that puipose, pursuant to the Directions of this A61, by Presentments at each Aflizes immediately preceding.,

Pisces for	III.	And be it further ena6ted, That it shall be lawful for the

holding Special several Grand Juries at the several Summer Aflizes next after the si^medbv* P21®11^ °f this A6t, and at every Spring and Summer Aflizes follow* presentment of m cvei7 County, County of a City, County of a Town, and City Grand Jury. and County in Ireland, and they are hereby required to appoint, by Presentment, certain Places within the respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns (not more than One in each Barony or Half Barony), at which and the times when the Magistrates of such Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns and Cities and Counties, qualified as by this A61 is dire6led, shall assemble. in Special Seflions to be holden previous to the next eafuing Aflizes for such Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Cities and *	•	Counties	respectively,	for	taking	into consideration all Applications

which shall be made at such Semons for any of the Purpofes afore* laid, and also for examining all Accounts of the 'Expenditure of Money presented for the Purpofes aforesaid in manner directed by Particulars to this Aft; and that every Presentment appointing such Places (haul be contained in likewtfe appoint and define the Portion of the County, Countr of a

+	'City

59° GEO. HI.

C* 84.

463

City, County of a Town, or City and County, /or which all Appii- such Present-cations for Preferments therein are to be considered, and all Accounts raent*‘ of Expenditure therein to be examined} by the Magistrates at each such Place of holding such Seffions ; and every Prefentment appointing the time for such Magistrates to assemble at such Special Seffions,

shall appoint their First Meeting preparatory to each Affizes to be held at the County Court Houle, arid shall appoint each subsequent Meeting at other Places to be held on such Days successively, a9 fhali seem best flitted for giving a Power of full Confideration to the Magistrates m Seffions at each Place, without unnecessary Delay, declaring how many Days the said Meeting may last in such Place; and k shalt also be lawful for the Grand Jury at every such Affizes to direct, by Presentment, what Number of Copies of the Schedules of all Applications to be made at such Seffions shall be printed, and distributed by the Secretary to the Grand Jury, previous to the then next ensuing Affizes.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Magiftrate shall, before Magistrate* he shall a& at any such Seffions, take and subscribe the Oath follow- before they act, ing, in open Court, in the Prefence of any Two other Magistrates to Jake the ancxnbled at such Seffions, which Oath any one Magiftrate is hereby 0 owmg authorised and required to administer ; (that is to fay).

I A» £• of	do	fwear.	That	I am seised Oatli.

of a Freehold Eftate or Eftates in Fee Simple [or, in Fee Tail, or as Tenant for Life ] in Pofsession, of the annual Value of

or that I am Heir Apparent to C. D. who is seised of such Eftate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or that I am seised of a Leasehold Eftate for Life, or for a Term of Years, whereof not less than	Years	are	unexpirod, of the annual Value

of	and that such Eftate is	fituate

in	[Jtating in what Part of	Ireland

the fame is situated, and fptcifying the Name of the EJlate or other Defcnptum of the Property], and that the said Eftate or Eftates is or are bond fide my Property [as the case may be] and not holden in Truft nor conveyed for the Purpofes of an A6t [reciting the Title of this AS], or that I am seised of a Leafehold Eftate or Eftates for Life, not being of such Value, and am also poftefied of a Leafehold Eftate or Eftates for a Term of Years as aforesaid, which, together with such Eftate or Eftates for Life, are of the animal Value of	and	that	fuch	Eftates

are situate in	[fating	in	what	Part	of

Ireland the fame are ftuated in, and fptcifying the Names of the Efates or other Defcripttons of the Property ], or that I am possessed of a " clear personal Property of .

over and above all my just Debts and Incumbrances, and that I reside in the County, [County of the City, County of the Town, or City and County, as the case may bej or that I am a Magiftrate of the City and Liberty, County of the City of County of the Town, or City and County of	[as

*tbe case may Ae], by virtue of the Charter or Charters incorporating the fame ; or that I am Re<9tor (or, Vicar) of the Re&ory (or, Vicarage) of	within	the	County	[or,	County	of	a

City, County of a Town, or City and County, as the case may be] and which Re&ory (or, Vicarage) is of the yearly Value of

or that I am Agent of	the	Owner

* of

C. 84.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

I

I

Chairman at Meetings to deliver to Secretary of Grand Jury a List of Magistrates taking Oath.

Places to be appointed for public Notices by Church* wardens.

Amount of Money to be expended in fitting up Places appointed.

Parishes to keep such Places in repair.

Notice of Applications to Special Sessions.

4 of an Eftate (or, Eftates) in the County [or, County of the City,

*	County of the Town, or City and County, a* the case may be\

‘ of	wherein I am a Magistrate, of the annual

*	Value of	at least, belonging to fuch

*	Owner, and that I really and bona fide reside in this County, and ‘ that in the Execution .of the said Aft I will truly, faithfully and ‘ impartially do and perform all such Matters and Things as I am

*	authorised and required to do by the said Aft, without Fayour,

1 AfFeftion, Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, according to the bed of

*	my Judgment, upon the Information to be laid before me.

* So help me GOD/

And that such Magiftrate shall preside as Chairman at every Meeting held under this Aft, as the Majority of them present thereat Ihafi choose, and such Chairman shall have a calling Voice in case of an Eauality of Voices; and every Chairman so presiding shall and he is hereby required to deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County relpeftively, a correct Lift, signed by himself, of the Names of all the Magistrates who shall have taken and subscribed such Oath at the Seflionfe where he had presided ; and every such Secretary shall from time to time, without unreasonable Delay, deliver the said Lift, and all the Oaths so made and subscribed, to the acting Clerk of the Peace, to be by him preserved among the Records of the County:

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of every Pari(h, and they are hereby required to Appoint a Place for pofling the Notices required by* this Aft, and such Appointment shall be promulgated by Advermements on the Doors oi every Place of public Worrtiip within the said Parifh, and in case that any Five Perrons paying Grand Jury Cefs within such Parifh shall be diftatisfied with such Appointment, it shall and may be lawful for such Perfons to require the Minifter and Churchwardens of such Parifh to convene a Veftry for the purpose of taking such Appointment into consideration, and such Veftry may either approve of such Appointment, or fix some other Place for such Purpose, as they shall think fit; and it shall and may. be lawful for such Churchwardens to expend any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the purpose of preparing and fitting up the Place so appointed, which Sum -(hall be presented by any Grand Jury of such County, to be paid to such Churchwardens, upon the f^me being accounted for in like manner as Public Monies are required to be accounted for by this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Expence of keeping such Place in Repair for the Purpofe aforesaid shall be defrayed by such Parifh, and shall be levied off the fame by Aft of Veftry, in like manner as parochial Cefs at present may be levied. .

VII.	And be it further enacted. That a Notice in Writing of every Application intended to be submitted to Magistrates at Special Seffions to be holden for the Purpofes of this Aft shall be polled by or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons intending to make such Application at the Place appointed in manner aroresaid, within such Parifh wherein the Road or Work to which such Application shall relate is proposed to be executed, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon on the Saturday next but one previous to the Day appointed for holding such Special Seffions.

VIII. And

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

a 84.

465

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Application, together with the Eftimates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Seftion s and Elevations severally annexed to the fame, shall be lodged by the Parties by whom or on whose behalf such Applications shall be made with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Ten Days at the least before the Day appointed by the Grand Jury for holding of the first Special Seffions, preparatory to the Spring or Summer Affizes respectively in each Year; and the said Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for ’the purpose of receiving such Applications, during Fifteen Days immediately preceding the Day such Notices are required to be lodged with the Secretary; and fuen Secretary shall, with all convenient Difpatch, after Receipt of such Applications, arrange and number the fame to the bell of his Skill and Judgment, accoraing to the several Portions of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, in which the Work applied for is pro-pofed to be executed, and shall make an Ab ft raft thereof, and an Index thereto, referring to the Numbers which he shall mark on each Application ; and such Secretary shall, at every Sefiions of Magistrates under this Aft, lay before the Magistrates all the Applications and Eftimates, and other Papers relating thereto respectively, which shall have been lodged with him, or delivered at his Office as aforesaid, refpeftiog the Execution of any Work within the Portion of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County for which such Seffions shall be held, together with the Abftraft thereof and Index thereto.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates so afiembled in such Special Sefiions, Three at least always being presect, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to examine into the polling or serving of the Notices of Applications, and the lodging of all such Applications, and the Eftimates, Plans and other Papers required, with the Secretaiy of the Grand Jury, as directed by this Aft, or the Delivery of any Maps, Plans, SeftionB or Elevations to thp Treasurer of the County, and also to examine every Perfon making or signing any Application, or any Eflimate, Specification, Map, Plan, Seftion or Elevation in respect thereto, and every other Perfon whom such Magistrates shall think it proper or requisite to examine; and in case of the Death or necessary Abfence, by Sicknefs or other Cafualty, of any Perfon who shall have made and signed any Application, Eflimate, Map, Plan, Seftion or Elevation, to examine into the Proof of his having made and signed the fame; and all Perfons previous to being so examined shall be fwom in open Court to make true Anfwers to all such Queftions as shall be asked of them, touching any such Application, or the polling or serving Notices, or the lodging or delivering the fame with the Secretary to the Grand Jury, or the Treasurer of the County, or respecting the proposed Work for which the said Applications shall be made, and the Jurat of every Oath or Affidavit made by any Perfon so examined shall be signed by the Chairman and One other of the Magistrates present at such Seffions; and it shall be lawful for any Perfon paying County Cefs, and desirous of Information respecting the Particulars of such proposed Work, to examine, with the Approbation of the Court, such Perfons as have signed and fwom to such Applications; and the said Magistrates so afTembled shall, after such Examination, proceed to consider every such Application, and

69 Gao. III. '	H h	every

Application and Papers lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury.

Duty of Secretary thereon.

Compliance with the above Directions to be examined into by Special

Persons examined to be sworn.

Persons paying County Cess may examine Persons who have signed and sworn to Applications.

466

C.84.

59c GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Secretary of Grand Jury to prepare Schedules of Applications; and cause Copies to be printed and distributed to Magistrates and Persons composing the Grand Panel;

and deliver a Copy thereof, Ac. to Foreman of Grand Jury, another to Judge of Assise, and keep another in his Office for Inspection.

Presentments to be numbered by Grand Jury, who may make the same, although Application disapproved, or may refuse to make the same.

every such Application which shall be approved of by the Majority of tne Magistrates at such Seffions, not lets than Three being present, shall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word “ approved,” and such of the said Applications which shall be disapproved, shall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word M disapproved,” together with the Caufe of such Difapprobation; and if such Disapprobation should arise from the proposed Eftimate being considered too high, then the Chairman shall mark on the Back of the Application what Eftimate the Majority of the Bench of Magistrates should consider sufficient for executing the proposed Work ; and the said Chairman shall deliver all such Applications, whether approved or disapproved, with the several Eftimates and all other Papers relating thereto, to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be by him laid before the Grand Jury at such next ensuing Affizes.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall without Delay make and prepare Schedules of the Contents of all Applications delivered to him by tne Chairman of the Magistrates at such Seffions, including, in separate Schedules, the Amount of the several Sums proposed by such Applications to be charged and raised on the County at large, and upon each Barony and Half Barony, and specifying the Amount or the Charge which the said Sums, so applied tor to be raised on the County at large, would, if presented, occasion on each Barony or Half Barony, particnlarifing separately the Charge arising from the Preferments on the Barony or Half Barony, and the Proportion of the Sum to be raised on the Barony or Half Barony in consequence of the Charge on the County at large, and numbering the Applications in each Schedule in arithmetical Progreffion, beginning with Number One, and noting by the Words “ approved” or “ difapproved” thereon the Opinion of the Magistrates on each Application ; and such Secretary shall forthwith cause a Number of Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed before the next ensuing Afsizes, among the several Magistrates, and such other Perfons as usually compote the Grand Panel of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Secretary belongs, not exceeding such Number as shall have been authorised and £ reded by the Grand Jury at the Affizes immediately preceding, according to the Dire&ions of this Ad ; and the said Secretary shall, on the Day when the Grand Jury shall be sworn at such ensuing Afsizes, deliver One Copy of the said Schedules, together with the several Applications, Eftimates, Plans and other Papers and Matters annexed to each Application, to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, and shall also deliver another Copy of the said Schedules to the Judge of Afsize, and the said Secretary shall keep another Copy of the said Schedules in his Office for the Infpe&xn of the Public, during Four complete Days at least immediately before the Commiffion Day of such Affizes.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Grand Jury at such Affizes shall cause all Prefentments which they shall make upon the Applications so laid before them, to be numbered agreeable to the Numbers in the said Schedules thereof; and it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to make a Prefentment on any Application so laid before them, although such Application may have been disapproved of by the Magistrates before whom it was laid; or to refufie to make a Prefentment or any Application so laid before them, although fuch

Application

59° GEO. III.

C. 84.

467



Application may have been approved or disapproved of by the Magiilrates before whom it was laid; and also to present any smaller Sum to be expended, or any less Number of Perches to be made, or at a smaller Rate by the Perch, than may be proposed or required by such Application, or to present a Part only of such Sum, at their Difcretion.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That no Prefentment for the grounding of which a previous Application is required by this A& to be made to a Special Sefiions, shall be made or taken into con. ^deration by the Grand Jury, nor shall be dated by the Court at any Affizes for any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, unlels the Application tor such proposed Prefentment shall.be entered in some One of such Schedules, other than and except such Preferments only as are hereinafter specially provided for.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Perfon who shall have signed any Application, Eftimate, Specification, Map or Plan or Se&ion m pursuance of this A&, shall happen to die before the Special Sefiions at which it may have been intended that the fame should be taken into consideration, or shall be prevented by Sicknefs or unavoidable Neceflity from appearing at such Sefiions, it shall be lawful for the Magiilrates afiembled there to examine upon Oath, in open Court, any other Perfon or Perfon* who shall appear before them, for the Purpofe relative to the Matters contained in such Application, or in any of the said Papers, fatis-fa&ory Proof being fir (I given that the Perfon or Perfons who had signed any of them is dead, or that he has been prevented by Sicknefs or unavoidable Neceflity from appearing before them; and the Grand Jury may make Prefentment on any Application delivered by the Magiilrates (after such Examination) to their Secretary; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A& or any other A& contained, shall prevent any Grand Jury from making any Prefentment for the immediate Repair of such Breaches as may happen in the Winter Seafon in any Mail Coach Road, or Poll Road under the. Provifions of an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for improving and keeping in Repair the Pofl Roads of this Kingdom, nor to prevent any Grand Jury from making any Prefentment for Payment, in pursuance of any Contra& entered into for the Repair of Roads, under the Provifions of any Laws in force at the time of such Contra&s being made, nor to prevent any Grand Jury from making any Prefentment of any Sum to be railed for any Purpose, where no previous Application by Affidavit or otherwise, is required by any Law in force in Ireland, nor from making any Prefentment for Payment of any Money expended by Order of a Juftice of the Peace, for repairing any sudden Breach in any Bridge or Road, pjirfuant to the Provifions of an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the Amendment of Public Roads, for direSing the Corner of Grand Juries reJpeSing Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for those Purposes; but it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any such Prefentment in any of the Cafes aforesaid, as if tnis A& had not been had or made ; any

H h 2	thing

Presentment* not to be made or Bated, unless Application entered in Schedules.

In case of Death, Sickness, Sec. of Persons signing Applications, other Persons to be examined.

Proviso for’ Presentments for the immediate Repair of Post Roads,

3* G-3- (I.)

and for Presentments for Payment of Contracts, &c«

36 G.3. c.55.

468

C.84.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D.181

Grand Juries may present Sums not exceeding 10L for Repair of sudden Breaches in Roads and Bridges before Assizes srejield,

• Proviso.

Notice to be given of accounting for Expenditure of Money presented for Matters herein mentioned.

'Where Notice to be posted.

Copy to be delivered to Secretary of Grand Jury, who is to poet the same.

Secretary to make Schedule of Notices.

Person accounting to attend Special

thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife notw ithft anding.

• XV. And Whereas much Inconvenience may arise from Grand 4 Juries not having the Power to present certain Sums for the Repair 4 of sudden Breaches in Roads, Bridges, Gullets and Walls, which may 4 have occurred previous to the Affizes at which such Grand Jury 4 may be assembled, and subsequent to the last Special Selfions held 4 under the Provifions of this AdBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to present such Sum or Sums (not exceeding Ten Pounds) as may appear to them necessary te-repalr such Breach or Breaches: Provided always, that the Exiftence of such Breaches, and the Neceffity of their immediate Repair, may be fatisfadorily proved before such Grand Jury upon Oath, and that such Application shall he made in One. of the Forms of the Schedules annexed to this Ad: Provided also, that in all Cafes where Money may be thus presented, it shall be accounted for under the several Provifions of this Ad.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That every Perfon intending to account at any Affizes for the Expenditure of any Money presented for the making or repairing, or widening or improving any Road or Footpath, or lowering any Hill, or filling any Hollow on any existing or intended Road, or for building, repairing, altering, widening or extending any Bridge, Pipe, Sewer or Gu&et thereon, or for building or repairing any Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any Steep Banks of Earth from falling upon it, or for erecting any Fence or Railway or Wall for the Protedion of Travellers from any dangerous Precipices or Holes, or for filling any Ditches, or making any Fences or Drains, or for building, altering, repairing or enlarging any Court House, Seffions Houle, Workhouse, Houle of Corredion, Gaof, County Infirmary or Hofpital, or for executing any other Public Work, (nail cause a Notice of his Intention of so accounting to be polled at the Place Appointed aforesaid, within each Parifh, to the Race wherein the Work to be accounted for, or any Part thereof, has been presented to be executed; and if there be no Market House, Church, Chapel or other Place of Public Worfhip in such Parifh, then on any conspicuous or usual Place therein for. polling Notices, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon on the Saturday next but One before the Day appointed by the Grand Jury for the holding of the first Special Seffions, preparatory to the Spring or Summer Affizes respectively in each Year; and such Perfon fhafl also cause a Copy of such Notice to be delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, at or before the time when the fame shall be so polled* and such Secretary shall make a Copy of every such Notice, and shall cause the fame to be polled without delay on the Door of the'Court Houle of the County, County of a City, County of a Town*, or Cky and County, at which such Affixes are to be holden.

XvII. And be it further enacted, That die Secretary to the Grand Jury fhafl make a Schedule of all such Notices, and shall annex to each the Number affixed in the Quere Book to the eorre-(ponding Quere wMch . the Perfon aocouhtmg proposes that his Account shall discharge * and every Perfon so declaring Hr Intention to account, shall attend the enftnng Special Seffions, to be hoftSen for the Purpofes of the Ad, for the Portion of the Coogty, County

of

Sessions,

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 84.

469

. <

of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein the Work for which he proposes to account has been executed, with his Account drawn up as near as may be in the Form'<appropriated thereto in the Schedule annexed to this A£t, and signed by hmiself; and such Perfon shall be sworn to the Truth of the laid Account, bv any Magiftrate at the said Seffions, in open Court ;■ and such Account shall be examined in open Court by the Magi ft rates at such Seffions, and on every Account approved by them, the Word “ allowed” shall be indorsed, attested by the Chairman and One other Magistrate; and on every Account not approved of by them, the Word “ difallowed” shall be indorsed, and the Reafon of such Difallowance, and a Note of or Reference to the Items in the Account which may have caused such Difallowance, shall be indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, atteiled in like manner; and all such Accounts, Affidavits, Papers and Attestations, shall be delivered without delay by the acting Clerk of the Peace to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be by him laid before the Grand Jury at the then next Afsizes, and the fame shall be there proceeded on by the Grand Jury, with such Powers and Authorities, and in such manner as are or is provided respecting the 'fame, by any A& or Acts in force in Ireland for that Purpose,

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon paying Cefs to appear at any Affizes or Special Seffions, to be holden within each County in Ireland respectively, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any Accounting Affidavit then produced, on the Ground of the Infufficiency of the Execution of the Work, or the undue or Non Expenditure of the Money to which such Affidavit shall relate ; provided that the Perfon offering so to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do to the Accounting Over-seer, before the First Day of such Affizes or Seffions, and shall at the fame time that he makes the Objection enter into, a Recognifance before a Magistrate, in the Amount of the Sum so sworn to have been. expended, conditioned for his Appearance at the next Afsizes, or at the next General Seffions of the Peace (as the case may be), for such. Diftri& in which said Prefentment was granted; and it shall be lawful for the Court, at such Affizes or General Seffions (as the case may be), and they are hereby required to try the Truth of. such Affidavit by a Jury, in the fame manner as any Traverfe within the Jurifdi&ion of such Court ought to be tried; and in case the Truth-

_ of such Fa& or Fads shall be found, the Accounting Affidavit shall. be disallowed accordingly; and it shall not be lawfiu for the Clerks of the Crown or Clerks of the Peace, or any other Perfon, . to take or receive upon such Traverfe any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverse; and it shall be lawful for the Court, before such Trial shall be had, to give such Cofts either to the‘Party controverting such Affidavit or to the Accounting Qverseer, as such Court shall in either Cafes think fit and reasonable.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of the County to pay the Amount of any-Presentment,. the accounting for <he Expenditure whereof shall be traversed, unjil the Traverfe mall be withdrawn, or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant on the Trial thereof.

HhS

Proceedings m to allowing and disallowing Accounts.

Affidavit of Expenditure may be contro-verted by Person paying Cess.

Notice and Recognisance.

Court may try the Truth of Affidavit by a Jury,

Costs.

Presentment not paid until TVaverte decided.

« XX. And

C. 84.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

*»•

Presentments not accounted for at Summer Assizes, may be accounted for at Special Sessions.

Accounts disputed and respited on Recognisance. Allowance of Accounts certified. .

46 G.3. c.96.	* XX. And Whereas by an Aft'palled in the Forty sixth Year

4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the 4 Laws rejpeding the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the

•	making, repairing, widening or fencing of Public Roads, and the building 4 and repairing of Bridges, Pipes or Gullets; it is enacted, that all 4 Expenditure relating to any Prefentment not accounted for at the

•	Summer Aflizes, may be accounted for at such General Seflions of

•	the Peace to be held in 03ober in every Year, as the Grand Jury 4 at the Summer Aflizes shall fix on Be it enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for every Grand Jury, at every Summer Aflizes, to appoint a Special Seffiont to be held in manner preferibed by this Aft, by Magistrates qualified according to the Direftions of this Aft, in the County Court House, in the Month of 03ober subsequent to the General Seflions of the Peace in the said Month ; and the Expenditure on such Prefentments as shall not have been accounted for at the Summer Aflizes, may be accounted for at such Special Seflions, before the Magistrates.there present, in the Form and Manner under the Provifions and Regulations by this Aft preferibed respecting the Mode of accounting at Special Seflions of the Peace for Money presented; and that the Account of any Perfon may be disputed and respited on Recognifance in like manner at such Special Seflions as is provided by the said recited Aft to be done at the General Seflions of the Peace in October; and that it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the County, and he is hereby required to pay all Money whereof the Account shall be approved of at such Seflions, and the Allowance thereof certified by the Atteftation of the Chairman and of One other Magistrate, in like manner as if the Affidavit accounting for the fame had been allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court at an Aflizes, in manner required by this Aft; and the Queries on all such Prefentments shall be respectively discharged or disallowed, or respited, in manner required and directed by the said recited Aft, according to the Conditions, Reftriftions ana Provifions contained in the said recited Aft.

,	XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as

abk to PrMentl lt happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented, or ment, and ac- hereafter to be presented, to be raised off any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, or any Barony or Half Barony, shall not be expended agreeable to such Prefent-ment, and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after such Prefentment shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, and they are hereby required, again to present such Sums of Money to be applied to other Purposes, and in like manner to present any Saving which may be made on any Presentment, to be expended upon some other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or such Saving was presented to be raised, or within the County, if raised on the County at large: Provided always, that where such Sums are presented to be railed by Inftalments for executing any Public Work, it shall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to present such Sums for other Purpofes in manner aforesaid.

Presentments XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Prefentments made, now made to be or Money to be levied, accounted for or paid, under or in consequence z^e^Actsbi ***? -Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at any time before the pafling force.

Money not

counted for within Two Years, to be again presented for other Works within the Barony.

59° GEO. III.

C.84.

471

of this Ad, ihall be levied, accounted for and paid in manner provided by the Ads in force at the time when such Presentments were made, or subject to the Rules, Regulations and Provifions contained in the said Ads or in this Ad respectively.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That it ihall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury at any Affizes to present, to be raised off the County at large, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds for each Place wherein Special Seflions ihall have been holden previous to such Ailizes for the Purpofes of this Ad, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Secretary of the Grand Jury for his Attendance at such Seflions, and for his performing and executing the Duties required by this Ad to be performed by him.

XXIV.	Be it further enacted, That all Affidavits required from Contradors shall be submitted to and sworn before Magiflrates at the Special Seflions under this Ad ; and no Applications shall be made for any Prefentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Perfon at any Affizee which might have been applied and presented for at any previous A flizes, unless the Perfon making such Application shall make an Affidavit, dating some Reafons fatisfydory to the Grand Jury why such Application was not made at fbch previous Affizes and if it shall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration shall be reieded or refused by any Grand Jury at any Afsizes, on account of any Negled or Mifcondud in Office of the Party making such Application, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any subsequent Afsizes, to make any Prefentment for any such Salary or Remuneration, in respect of any Period previous to the Affizes at which such Application was rejected or refused.

XXV.	And be it further enacted and declared* That the Oath-taken by Grand Jurors in Ireland, in such Manner and Form* as hath heretofore been practised according to Law, at the several Affizes in Ireland, shall not at any. time after the pafling of this Ad, .extend or relate, or be construed or taken to extend or relate, to any of the Duties of Grand Jurors connected with Pfefentments for die Execution of Public Works.

XXVI.	And. be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Ads every Grand Juror, immediately after being sworn before the Judge of Anize, in such Manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law, at the several Affizes in Ireland, shall in open Court at such Affizes also take the Oath following; (that is to fay),

Allowance to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Affidavits froth Contractors sworn before Special Sessions.

Presentments for Salaries in certain Cases not allowed.

Grand Jurors present Oath not to extend to Presentments for public Works.

Oath of Grand Jurors.

*	V OU shall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County [or/ f County of the City, County of the Town, or City and County]

4 of	and	true	Prefentment	make	of	all	fuch	Matters

4 and Things as shall be lawfully given to you in charge, or as shall 4 come before you in anywise relating to the railing of any Money 4 upon the said County [or,- County- of City, County of Town,

*	or Citv and County] of	or upon any Barony4	'•

4 Half Barony or Parilh therein, or relating to the Expenditure of

4 any such Money; you shall not present nor allow nor disallow any 4 Matter or Thing through Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, nor through 4 Fear, Favour or Affedion.	So help you GOD/

And it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to disclose 4BjPk^ran<l Juror Evidence, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, relative to the making

H n 4	or	'

472

59° GEO. llL

Treasurer of County, &c. not to sere on Grand Juries.

High Constables and Collectors to make Returns,

to be laid before Grand Jury.

Falsely swearing, Perjury.

Presentments may be made for prosecuting Delinquents for false Affidavits.

Applications and Accounts to be made on Stamps.

Amount of Stamps, Ex

C. 84*

A.D.1S19.

or refilling of any such Presentment, or relative to the Expenditure of any Money raised by Presentment.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall not be lawful for any Perfoii who shall be Treasurer of the County, or Secretary of the Grand Jury, or Chief Constable, or Colleftor of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace, to serve upon the Grand Jury at any Alfizes for the County, County >of a City, Countv of a Town or City and County in Ireland, wherein he shall hold such Office ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That every High Constable, or other Colleftor of Money levied by Grand Jury Presentment, shall make a Return on the First Day of each Alfizes to the Treasurer of the County, containing a Schedule of the Names of the Town lands within the Barony for which he is Collector, and of the Inhabitants within the fame, who shall have been assessed towards the Payment of the County Cefs of the previous Allizes, and of the Sums respectively assessed on and paid by each Individual, and stating the Arrears, if any, which shall be due by each Individual; and that on the Receipt of such Return by the Treasurer, the said Treasurer shall immediately * lay the fame before the Grand Jury.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That any Perfon who in any Affidavit, or in any Examination on Oath, required to be made or had under this Aft, shall swear falsely, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as may be infiifted on wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws in force in Ireland; and that in all Cafes where an Oath or Affidavit is required or authorised to be administered or made by this Aft, the Affirmation of the Party, if such Affirmation be received in a Court of Law in lieu of an Oath, shall be of equal Validity and Effest, and equally subject him to the Provifion ot this Aft, as if he had taken or fwom an Affidavit under the Provilion of this Aft.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where upon any Affidavit for supporting any Application for any Presentment, or for authenticating any Eftimate, or other Matter or Thing relating to such Application, according to the Direftion of this Aft, or for accounting for Public Money, it shall appear to the Grand Jury that the Perfon or Perfons making such Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to make such Prefentment for defraying the Profecution of such Delinquent, as to them may seem fitting and expedient.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Application or Account which shall be made and delivered under the Directions of this Aft, shall be upon Paper stamped with the Stamp required by any Aft or Afts in force relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland* to be imposed upon an Affidavit or Affirmation for the purpose of grounding thereon any Prefentment of any Grand Jury, or for railing Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or difehargiug Queries on Prefent-ments, according to the Amount of the Money required to be pre-fented and raised or accounted for, for the Road or Work specified in ^py such Application, or in any such Account respectively.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every-Grand Jury to add to the Sum they shall present to

be

AJX181A

59° GEO. III.

C. 84.

473

be raised towards the Execution of any Work applied for pursuant to the Provifions of this Ad, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Stamp Duty upon such Applications, and also upon the Affidavits which are to account for the fame, to be raised in like manner, and paid to the Perfon accounting, for his own Reimburfement and that of the Perfon or Perfons who shall have made the Application ; and also to present such reasonable Sums not exceeding what shall be stated in the Eftimate annexed to any Application respecting a new Road or any Work which shall be prefen ted to be railed on the County at* large, as they shall think proper, to pay the Expences incurred or to De incurred in procuring the Estimates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Se&ions or Elevations required by this Ad to be annexed to the Applications, and also for the Expences of the Perfons signing such Maps, Plans, Sections or Elevations, in attending the Special Seffions, such Sum as the Justices at the fame shall appoint and certify for such Attendance; all which Sums shall be levied in like manner as other Sums to be raised under Prefentments shall be levied and paid to the Perfon or Perfons accounting for the fame, in trufl for the Perfon or Perfons who shall severally have signed the Applications and such other Papers.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall be appointed to ad, nor shall he ad as a Supervifor under the Provi. (ions of an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intitfled An A& for amending the Irijb Road ARs> for any Part of any Road, for the Repair of which any Money shall be granted by Presentment, until such Money shall be expended and accounted for.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That no Money which shall be expended after the palfing of this Ad, shall be paid by the County Treasurer to any such Supervisor, unless it shall be accounted for by the Deputy or Deputies, in the manner that all Money presented for the Repair of Roads is to be accounted for, except as to the Form of the Affidavit under this Ad : Provided always, that such Supervifor shall fxrfl make Affidavit before a Magistrate, which any Magif-trate is hereby empowered to take, that he has or had at the time of the Expenditure of such Money, a Freehold or Leafehold Eftate [as the case may be] of not less than Five hundred Pounds yearly Value, Rating where such Eftate is (ituate, and also that he has examined the Work, and that it is properly executed, to the best of his Judgment, and that he believes the Money has been fairly, properly and honestly expended ; and that it shall be lawful for every Supervifor to remove any Perfon whom he shall appoint to be a Deputy, and to appoint anotner Perfoft in his stead, from time to time, and as often as he shall think proper.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted. That in case of the Death of any Supervisor, an Affidavit made to the Purport and Effed, and in manner preferibed by any Ad or Ads in force immediately before the passing of this Ad, to be made by such Supervisor, by tne Heir or Executor of such Supervisor, together with the Certificate of a Magistrate, that he has viewed the Work, and that it is properly executed, to the best of his Judgment, and that he believes the Money fwrorn to by the Deputy or Deputies has been fairly, honestly and properly expended thereon, shall be of equal Effed for the purpofe

of

peaces of Esti- ‘ metes. Sec. may be added to Presentments.

How levied.

Supervisors not to act under 49 G. .t. c. 84. until Money expended and accounted for.

Money not to be paid unless Expenditure accounted for.

Affidavit by Supervisor of his Qualification, &c*

Supervisor may remove Deputy.

On Death of Supervisor, his Heir or Executor may make Affidavits.

59° GEO. III.

Presentments may be made at next Summer Assises.

Grand Juries may present for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order of Lord Lieutenant.

Provisions of Special Acts for Court Houses, &c. to remain in force.

58 G. 3. c.67. repealed.

except as to the Repeal thereby <*57 G.:.

C. 107.

Proviso for the County and

C* 84.

A.D.18I9.

of fubh Account under this Aft, as the Affidavit of the Supervifor would have been had he lived to make it.

1 XXXVI. And Whereas the usual and necessary Prefentxnents 1 for the Repair and Improvement of the Public Roads have not

*	been made in several Counties in Ireland at the late Spring Aflizes,

‘ and it mull be prejudicial to the Roads, and occasion great additional

*	future Expence to the Counties, if the like Omiflion should happen 1 at the ensuing Summer AflizesBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the several Counties and Cities, Counties of Towns, and Cities and Counties in Ireland, at the Summer Aflizes which shall be holden in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to make, and for the Court to fiat Prefentments for repairing any Road, repairing any Bridge, Gullet or Wall, in fueh Form and Manner, and under and subject to such Powers, Provifions and Regulations as are contained in the several Afts of Parliament for that Purpose, which were in force in Ireland at the Summer Aflizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in all Cafes where Applications for or in respect of anv such Prefentments shall not have been made to the Magistrates, assembled at the Quarter Seffions holden in April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or at any other fublequent time previous to such Summer Aflizes, or shall not have been considered by them and approved or disapproved of; any thing in this Aft or in any other Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall be construed to limit the Authority of Grand Juries, in making any Prefcntment at any Aflizes for the Repayment of any Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, pursuant to Powers veiled in him by Law.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to aifeft or alter any Clauses, Powers or Provifions contained in any special Aft or Afts of Parliament, relating particularly to the Ereftion or Maintenance of any Court Houle, Seflions House or County House, or to any Gaol or Prifon, in or for any County, or County of a City*, or County of a Town in Ireland.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That an Aft palled in tl^ last Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AS to provide for the more deliberate InveJHgation of Presentments, to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland 5 and for accounting for Money ralfed by such Presentments, shall, from and after the pafling of this Aft, be and the fame is hereby repealed* except so far as relates to any Prefentment to be made at the Summer Aflizes One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, grounded on Applications made pursuant to the said recited Aft; and alio except so far as the said A€t repeals an Aft, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the more deliberate Invefligation of Presentments, to be made by Grand Juries for Roads Public Works in Ireland; and for accounting for Money ralfed by fieeb Prefentments.

XL. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the County of Dublin, or to the

County

59# GEO. III.

C. 84.

475

County of the City of Dublin, except only so far as is hereinafter expressly enacted and provided by this Adi ; and that nothing in this Adi contained shall alter or repeal, or be construed to alter or repeal, any special Afl relating to the manner of presenting or accounting in any other County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland.

* XLI. And Whereas by an A& passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for making, widening and repairing Public

*	Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of feveral

* ABs formerly made for that Purpose; it is enacted, that every 4 Affidavit to ground a Presentment, or to account for Work done, 4 shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Four Days 4 at least before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term:

4 And Whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the 4 said County of DubUn, that the said Affidavits should be lodged 4 .with the aaing Secretary of the Grand Juiy of the said County, so 4 many Days previous to the First Sitting Day of each presenting 4 Term, that Schedules of such Affidavits might be prepared and 4 printed for Delivery to Magistrates and others previous to fuch

*	Term Be it therefore enacted, That all Affidavits for Prefentment s for forming, leyelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or otherwise improving any Road in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwise improving any Bridge, Seffion House, Gaol or other Mafon Work in the County, shall be lodged Thirty Days at the least before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County ; and such Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the purpose, and forthwith, after the Receipt of such Affidavits, to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before tho- First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, to such Magistrates and Landholders in the said County of Dublin as may apply for the fame ; provided that the Number so to be printed shall not exceed Fifty for each Barony in the said County of Dublin (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore excepted) ; and that the said Secretary shall. Fifteen Days before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, deliver over the several Affidavits which shall have been so lodged with him previous to each presenting Term, pursuant to this A61, to the Infpe&or of the Public Accounts of the County of Dublin for the time being, or in his Abfence to such Perfon as the said Infpe&or shall depute to receive the Affidavits from the said Secretary, for whom the said Infpe&or shall be answerable; and the said Infpe&or shall personally attend at the Court of Bang’s Bench on the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, if not prevented by Sicknefs or unavoidable Accidents, and if so prevented, shall depute and fend in his Place a Perfon for whom he shall be so answerable, and shall then and there lay before the said Grand Jury his Report and Obfervations in Writing upon the several Affidavits and Accounts annexed thereto, which shall have been so delivered over to him previous to such presenting Term by the said Secretary, or which shall have been delivered over to such rerfon as he the (aid Infpe&or shall have deputed to receive the fame pursuant to this A&..

City of Dublin, &c.

26 G.3. (I.)

Affidavits foe Presentment* for County of Dublin to be lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury in County of Dublin,

who is to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared for delivery.

and to deliver Affidavits to Inspector of Public Accounts, &c.

who is to report to Grand Jury.

XLII. And

$9° GEO. III.	A.D.	1819.

Presentments for printing Schedules.

Affidavit of Pi inter that Charge is reasonable.

Proviso.

Kinsale constituted an additional Barony of County of Cork.

Proviso for Grand Jury presenting Money for Bridges already certified for, &c«

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorised and required, at each presenting Term for the laid County, to present such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the said Schedules: Provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, dating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before the said .Grand Jury at such presenting Term; and that no such Prefentment for the preparing such Schedules and printing of such Copies shall be made, unlete such printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary Twenty one clear Days before the First Sitting Day of the Term at which fach Prefentment shall be applied for.

* XLIII. And Whereas the Town and Liberties of Kinsale, in

*	the County of Cork, are neither a Barony, Half Barony, Part of a ‘ Barony, or a County of a Town, and therefore, under the Laws 1 now in force, no Money can be raised by the Grand Jury of the

*	County of Cork for the making or repairing Roads within such € Liberties, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of faid

*	Town and Liberties ;* Be it enacted, That the said Town and Liberties of Kinfale shall be constituted an additional Barony of the County of Cork, and that it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County, at every Afsizes, to grant Prefentmcnts as in the Cafe of other Baronies, and to present the Amount of the fame to be raised and levied upon the Town and Liberties of Kinfale as a Barony: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to interfere with the Police Seffions or Privileges eftabliffied by Charter in the said Town and Liberties of Kinfale.

XL IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to prevent any Grand Juiy from presenting Money for building or completing any Bridge, which shall nave been certified for ; nor to prevent any Grand Jury from completing any new Line of Road, which shall have been approved of and pretented, pursuant to the Laws in force before the passing of this Adi: Provided always, that all such Sums of Money as shall be so presented, shall be accounted for under the Provifions of this Adi.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

A. 1. Form

a-5-{fZ

MfZ

( form

CONTENTS.

New Roads : of Application for opening, of Application for laying out. of Accounting Affidavit.

of Application for forming, levelling and draining.

of Accounting Affidavit.

of Application forgravelling.

of Accounting Affidavit.

of Application for making Fences.

of Accounting Affidavit.

Repairing Roads : of Application, of Accounting Affidavit.

H'idrning

59° GEO. III.

C. 84.

477

Widening Roads : p f Form of Application.

"^Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Making or Repairing Footpaths : jx j Form of Application.

*	I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow :

P 1 f Form of Application.

J2l# * \ Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered or a Hollow filied: p & f Form of Application.

*	I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Building9 enlarging or repairing Sejfion Houses, Court HouJes9 Work-houfes9 Houfes of Correftion9 County Infirmaries, Hofpitals or other public Buildings :

F* 1. Form of Application.

Building or repairing Bridges9 Pipes y or Gulletsy or Wallsy or ereBtmg Fences:

F.	2. Form of Application.

Form of Accounting Affidavit, for F, I. or F. 2.

Filling Drains or Trenches : p f Form of Application.

\ Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Filling Gripes: tr f Form of Application.

I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Ere&ing Banks to defend Roads through Bogs from Drains on the Sides

thereof: t | Form of Application.

\ Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Makingy widening or deepening Drains on the Sides of Roads through Bogs : it C Form of Application.

"I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

{Form of Application for erecting Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for erecting Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

Afar.—Every Application, Eftimate, Specification, Map or Plan, Se&ion and Elevation, to be annexed, mult be signed by the Perfona making them respectively.

SCHEDULE A. i.

Form of Application for opening a New Road.

HSanaaoy ofl A. B. of	and	C.	D. of

j do certify, That in their Opinion it would be ufeftil to

open

478

C. 84.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1.819,

open a new Road from	to	*

between	and	,	all	in the Barony J

or Half Barony of	in	this	County,	according to *

the Map, Plan and Se&ions annexed, made by 'E. F, whom they believe to be a competent Perfon for making tne fame, and to the Eflimate annexed, which is in their Opinion fair and reasonable ; and that a Duplicate of' such Map, Plan and Section of such New • Road made by him has been deposited with the Secretary to the Grand Jury on the	Day	of

[being at the leaft	Days before the Day appointed

for the Special Seflions to meet, preparatory to the next Affizes] ; and that a Notice, setting forth that an Application is intended to be made at the next Affixes for a Presentment, to lay out a new Road from	to	diftinguiihing

the several Townlands and Baronies or Half Baronies througn which it is intended to be carried, with the Number of Perches it is to be made in Length through each Townland, has been personally served upon or left at the House of each Occupier of the Land through which such new Road is intended to be made in this County,

Days at least before the Day appointed for such Special Seflions; and that a like Notice has been also polled upon the Door of the County Court House, of the fame Day that the said Map has been deposited with the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County ; and that no Part of such New Road is to be made through any Deer Park or Field inclosed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks Feet high or more, without the Confent of the Owner thereof; and no Part thereof is to be made through any House entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office or Orchard belonging to any Perfon inhabiting a House so built, without the Confent of such Perfon.

The Eftimate must contain the total Expence attendant on the opening and finishing the new intended Road, and laying out, forming, levelling and gravelling the fame, and of building Bridges, Gullets or Support Walls, lowering Hills, or filling Hollows, to bring every Part of it to the Afcent or Defcept proposed, and in making Fences to the fame ; and it must state separately for each Barony or Half Barony, the Expences which are Baronial, and those which are for the County at large.

The Specification must contain the Diftance of the nearest Quarries fit for the Work, the Price of Lime, and the general Prices of Labourers, Mafons, an assistant Bailiss, Carts, Drays, and Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Map or Plan of the proposed Road must be made on a Scale not less than	to a Mile ; it must include the prefect

Road, if there be any such, in place of which the intended Road is to be made $ and such Map or Plan, or the Se&ion, must shew the Inclination of the Surface of the existing Road, and the proposed Inclination of‘the Surface of the intended Road, throughout the whole Length of each, and state the Difference between each in their Degrees of Inclination, and in the highest Afcent of each above the Bafe ; it must also particularise each Hill proposed to be lowered, or Hollow to be filied, and the Height or Depth of the Afcent or Defcent proposed to be altered on each such Hill or Hollow; all Rivers or Streams which such new Road is to cross, and which crofs

fuch

590 GEO. III.

C. 84.

479

•foch existing Roads, must be marked, with a separate Plan of every Bridge, and the Dimenfions of every Arch or Arches, or Opens Decenary for the Paflage of the Waters through any Bridge or Gullet proposed to be biiilt on the intended Road; ail Roads that the new intended Road is proposed to cross, or which cross the existing Road, must be marked, and the Plans of every Gullet or Pipe, or • Wall, must state the Length, Breadth and Height thereof 5 and the Plans and Elevations of every Bridge must contain a distinct Detail of all Mafonry and Stonecutters Work proposed for such Gullet, Pipe, Wall or Bridge to be built on such new intended Road.

• SCHEDULE A. 2.

• Form of application for laying out a new Road,

County of | jf. B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify, That it will require the Sum of to lay out the new intended Road from	to

between	and	,

all in the Barony or'Half Barony of	in this County,

being at the Rate of (the Sum not to exceed	per	Perch)

by the* Perch} and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, to the best of their Judgment and Belief.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for laying out a new Road» not exceeding	a	Perch.

County of! WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

3	at	Aflizes, in the Year

to be expended in laying out	Perches	of	the	new

intended Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony	or	Half	Barony	of

in this County : Now I do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	in	tne	Execution	of	the	faid	Work,	and

that the fame is executed pursuant to the said Presentment, to the best of my Judgment, and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the	Day	of

SCHEDULE A. 3.

Form of Application for forming, levelling and draining a new Road.

County of \ A. B. of	and	C.	D. of

J do certify, That it will require the Sum of to form, level and drain [<w the case may be]

Perches of the new intended Road from	to

between	and	,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County,

Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, being at the Rates of	by	the	Perch	$	and

that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, to the best of their Judgment and Belief.

Form

480

C. 84.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for forming, levelling and draining a new

Road.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was

J presented at	Aflizes,	in the Year

to be expended in forming, levelling or draining £as the case may be]	PercTies of the new intended Road

from	to	between	and	,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in this County,

Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences: Now I	do swear, That I have

faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in forming, levelling or draining [<w the case may be"}

Perches of the said Road, and that every Part of the said Perches is	Feet in the clear between the Ditches,

Banks, Drains or Fences, and is level throughout the Whole of the-faid Width; and that there is not adjoining to either Side of the Road so formed, levelled and drained, any Gripe to such Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other sufficient Fence between it and the Side of the Road ; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of

and that every Part of the said Work was fmifbed on the	Day	of



SCHEDULE A. 4.

Form of Application for gravclUug a new Road.

County of 1 A. B. of	and	C.	J).	of

3 do certify, That it will require the Sum of

to make	Perches	of	the	new	intended

Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County,	Feet	wide	in	the	clear of all

Ditches, Banks, Drains and Fences, and	Feet	wide	at

the least, with Gravel or small Stones, being at the Rate of

by the Perch, according to the Specification annexed; apd that the said Sum is a reafonabie Charge, to the best of their Judgment and Belief.

The Specification muff contain a Description of the Materials proposed to be 11 fed in making the Road, whether Gravel or Quarry Stones, or Field Stones broken, and the general Price of Labourers and Quarrymen, and of a working Bailiss, and of Carts, Drays and Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for gravelling a now Road1 County of \ WHEREAS the Sum of	was

J presented at	Aflizes	in	the	Year

to be expended in making	Perches	of	the

new intended Road from	to	between

amd	,	aO	in	the	Barony	or	Half	Barony	of

in this County,	Feet	wide	in	the	clear	of	all	Ditches,

Banks or Fences, and	Feet	wide	at	the	least,	with	Gravel

or small Stones : Now I	do	fwear. That

I hate

A.D.I813.

53° GEO. in.

C. 84,

481

I have faithfully tod honestly expended the Sum of in making	Perches	of	the	faid	Road,	and	that every Part

of the fail	Perches	is	Feet	wide in the clear

between the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and is safe and level throughout the Whole of the said Width for Carriages to pass and repass on, and that	Feet	at	the	leaf!	of	the said Width

is made with Gravel or small Stones ; and that the Backs of every Ditch, Bank or Fence thereto, to which there is a Gripe, is turned to the Road, and the Gripe to the Field Side $ and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the

Expenditure of the said Sum of of the (aid Work was finithed on the

; and that every Part Day of

SCHEDULE A. 5.

Form of AppTuation for making Fence1 to new Roads.*,

^•unty rf| A* B. of	and C. D.	of

J do certify, That it will require the Sum of to make	Perches	of	Fences	on	each Side of the

new intended Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, being at the Rate of (the Sum not to exceed One Shilling and Sixpence per Perch)	by	the	Perch, and that

the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, to the best of their Judgment and Belief.

No Specification or other Paper is required to be annexed.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for making Fences to new Roads. County ofl WHEREAS the Sum of	was prefented

3 at	AfTizes	in	the	Year

to be expended in making	Perches	of Fences on

each Side of the new intended Road from	to

between	and	,	all	in	the	Barony or Half

Barony of	in this County : Now I

do swear, That I have faithfully expended the Sum of in the Execution of the said Presentment, and	* Perches

of Fences are well and effectually made pursuant thereto, and the Bank Side thereof is ftimed to the Road, and that the said Work was finifheci on the	Day of	•

SCHEDULE B.

Form of Application for the Repair of Roads.

Ccmrny of 1 A. B. of	and	C.	D.	of

J do certify, That they have lately measured Perches of the Road from	to	between

and	and	that	all	the	faid Perches

are in the Townland of	\or9	that

Perches thereof are in the Townland of	and

Perches thereof are in the Townland of	[as	the

case may he] distinguishing the' feVeral Townlands through which the Road is intended to be repaired in each Townland] all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County	;	arid	that it wilf

require the Sum of •	to	repair	the	faid

59 Geo. Ill:	I	i	.	Perches

urn

C.8L

K&° GEO. III.

A.D. IM9.

Perches	Feet wide in the clear of the Ditches, Banks,

Drains or Fences* and	Feet	Wide,	with	Gravel	or fnudl

Stones, being at the Rate of	by	the Perch, accord-

ing to the Specification annexed, which they verily believe is the lead the said Perches can be effectually repaired for.

The Specification mud contain a Description of the Materials pro-pofed to be used in repairing the Road, whether Gravel or Quarry Stones, or Field Stones broken, and the general Price of Labourers and Quarrymen, and a Working Bailiss; and of Carts, Drays and Cars by the Day in the Neighbourhood. .

No Map, Plan or Sedion is required.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for the Repair of Roads.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	presented

f at	Affixes,	in	the	Year

Perches of the Rond from and	,

in this County, clear of the Ditches, Feet wide, with Gravel by the Perch: Now I

to be expended in repairing

to	between

•all in the Barony or Half Barony of Feet wide in the Banks, Drains or Fences, aad or small Stones, at the Rate of

do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	in	repairing

Perches of the (aid Road; and that every Part of the said Perches is	Feet	wide	at	the	lead,	in	the	clear	of	all

Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and that it is safe and level throughout the Whole of the said Width for Carriages to pass and repass on; and that	Feet	wide	at the lead of the faid

Width is made with Gravel or small Stones; and that there is a

sufficient Pafiage on each Side of the said Road to prevent the Water from injuring the fame; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of	;	and that every Part of the (aid Work was

finidied on the	D.ajr of	;

but if any Part of the Road paUes through a Trad of Bog, the Words following may be inserted after the Words, pass and repass on, _ “ except	Perches	thereof	which	pafs	through a

Trad of Bog.”

SCHEDULE C.

Form of Application for vtidemng Roads.

County of 1 A. B. of	and C. D. of

j do certify, That they have lately viewed and measured Perches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all in

the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County; and

that no Part of the fame is	Feet	wide	in	the	dear

within the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences $ and that it will require the Sum of	to	widen	the fame, so as to make

them	Feet wide in the clear, and safe and level

throughout the Whole of the said Width for Carriages to pass aad repass on, being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch,	which

A.D. 1814.

SlPGEaill.

they ^erOy belike to he *reafonable Charge, according to the Specification and Plan hereunto annexed, and the least the laid Work can be effectually done for.

In case new Fences shall be necessary, instead of any to be taken down or destroyed, the Words following shall be added after the Words repass on, “ and to make new Fences instead of those which <* shall be taken down or destroyed, in order to widen the fame.”

The Specification is to contain the general Price of Labourers, of a Working Bailiss, and of Carts, Drays and Cars, by the Day in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan is to delineate the present Breadth of the Road, and the Breadth to which it is to be widened, marking diilinftly the Sides of the Road on which the Widening is proposed to take place, and it is to be of a sufficient Scale to ihew the fame difUn&ly.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for wJening Roads.

County of) WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented	at

£	Afiizes in the Year	to	be

expended in widening and making Fences to [as the safe may he] Perches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all	in the Barony or

Half Barony of	in	the	County	of

to the Width of	Feet	in	the	clear: Now I

do swear. That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	in	widening	and	making	Fences	to	[as the case may

he]	Perches	of the said Road, and that .every Part of

the find	Perches	is	now	effectually	widened to the

Width aforesaid, and is safe and level throughout the Whole of the laid Width, and every Part thereof, for Carriages to pa£i and repass on ; and that the Back of every Part of said Fence, where there is a Oripe thereto, is turned to the Road, and the Gripe to the Fidd Bide ; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of	;

and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the Day of	; but if any Part of the Road passes through

a Trad of Bog, the Words following may be inserted after the Words pass and repass on, “ except	Perches thereof,

M which pass through a Tra& of Bog.”

SCHEDULE D.

Form of Application for making or repairing Footpaths*

County of \ A. B. of	and C. I>. of

j • do certify, That the Sum of	is	necef-

fary to make [or, repair, as the case may be]

Perches of a Footpath on the Road or new intended Road [or, within the Side of the Ditch along the Side of such Road, as the case may from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, being at the Rate of [the Sum not to exceed

ttr Perch, for making and	for	repairing]

j the Perch; and that the said Sum is a fair and reasonable Charge, to the best aS our Judgment, according to the Specification annexej-

li 2	1>

*83

484

<3. 64.	59°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1819.

" The Specification is to date the Materials proposed to be used, and how much of the Footpath is to be new formed or raised [or widened, as the case may be.]

i

Form of Accounting Affidavit for making or repairing a Footpath.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was prefented

J at	Affixes, in the Year

to be expended in making or repairing [as the case may he"]

Perches of a Footpath on the Road or new intended Road [within the Side of the Ditch along the Side of such Road, as the case may be] from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony	or	Half	Barony	of

in this County : Now I	do	swear,	That 1 have

faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	in

making or repairing [as the case may be]	Perches	of	a

Footpath on the said Road, and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of	; and that every Part of the said Work was

finifhed on the	Day of

SCHEDULE E. i.

Form of Application for lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow, or hoth% as the case may he*

County of | A, B. of	and C. D- of

j do certify, That they have lately viewed a Hill or Hollow, [or both, as the case may he] in the Townland of •in this County, on the Road from the Market Town of <to the Market Town of	, and they are of opinion that it

would contribute to the Eafe and Convenience of Carriages travelling the said Road to lower such Hill, or fill up such Hollow [or both, as the case may be'] ; and that the said Road cannot, in their Opinion, be conveniently changed to avoid such Hill or Hollow [as the case may he] without incurring a greater Expence, or causing a confiderable Increafe of Length in the said Road; and that they have caused £* F.j whom .they believe to be a competent Perfon (killed in such Work, to make the Map and Se&ion thereof hereto annexed, and to estimate and make a Specification of the fame ; and that, in their Opinion, his Eftimate and Specification are fair and reasonable, and his Plan and Se&ion proper.

The Eftimate is to state the Sum required, and the Number of Cubic Yards to be moved, and the Price per Cubic. Yard.

The Specification is to state the Nature of Substance, whether Clay, Mold, Sand, found or rotten Stone or Gravel, which is to be moved, and to or from what average Diftance ; whether the fame will .afford fo\md Materials for gravelling or stoning the Parts of the Road which shall be lowered or filied, and the general Price of Labour, and of a working or assistant Bailiss, and of Carts, Drays or Cars, iu the Neighbourhood.

The Plan and Se&ion mull (hew the Length of .the Road which is to be lowered or filied, the Inclination of the present Surface and of the future proposed Surface, and the Amount of perpendicular

Afcent

.

59° GEO. III. ;

43£

A+D. 18191

CX84.

Afcent or Defcciit proposed to be saved, and the Breadth that ia proposed for the Road to be of when lowered or filled.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow,

or both.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented	at*

J	Affixes, in the Year

to be expended in lowering a Hill or filling a Hollow [or both, at the case may be] in the Townland of	in	this	County,1

on the Road from the Market Town of	to	the	Market

Town of	:	Now	I	do	swear,	That I

have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of

in executing the said Work, and that the fame is done pursuant to the ' said Presentment; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum' of	;	and	that	every	Part	of	the	faid	Work	was

finifhed on the	Day	of

SCHEDULE E. 2.

Form of Application for gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered, or a

Hollow filled.

County of 1 A. B. of	and	C.	D.	of

3 do certify, That they have viewed a Hill or Hollow [or both, at the case may be'] in the Townland of	in	the

Barony or Half Barony of	on	the	Road from the

Market Town of	to	the	Market	Town	of

all in this County; and they are of Opinion that if the said Hill is fuificiently lowered [or, the said Hollow sufficiently filied, or both, at the case may be] if will require the Sum of

to nuke with Gravel or Small Stones	Feet	wide

Perches of the said Road on the said Hill, when lowered [or, the said Hollow when filied, or both, as the case may be] being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch,	accorcfing to the

Specification annexed ; and that said Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the Work cannot be effectually executed for a smaller Sum, to the best of their Judgment.	4

Form of Accounting Affidavit for gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered,

■ or a Hollow filed.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

J at	Afsizes,	in	the	Year

to be expended m making	Perches	of	the Road from

the Market Town of	to	the	Market	Town of

on the Hill which has been lately lowered, or the Hollow which has been lately filled [or both, at the case may be] in the Townland of	and	Barony	or	Half	Barony

of	in this County	Feet wide io

the	clear of the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences,

and	Feet wide, with Gravel or small Stones, at the

Rate of	by	the	Perch: Now I

do swear. That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in making	Perches	of	the faid

Ii 3	Road,

A.D. 1819.

466	C.	84.	59°	GEO.	III.

Road, and that every fart of the faid	Perches it

Feet wide at the lead, in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and that it is safe and level throughout the Whole of the £nd Width for Carriages to pass and repass on, and that Feet wide at the lead of the said Width is made with Gravel or small Stones, and that there is a fufliciettt Fafiage on each Side of the said Road to prevent the Water from injuring the fame ; and that the annexed Account it true in every Part, and con-taunt the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of	;

and that every Part of the laid Work was finished on the Day of

SCHEDULE F. i.

Form of AptTication for building, enlarging or repairing any Seffhm

Houj for Court Houfc> IVorkbouse, House of Correction) County In~ firmary, Hofpital or other public Building.

County of \ A. B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify, That it will reouve the Sum of to build, enlarge or repair the Seffion House, Court House, Work-house, House of Conrection, Infirmary, Hofpital, or ether public Building fas the case may be] at	in	this	County, and

that the laid Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the said Work cannot, to the best of their Judgment* be effectually executed for a smaller Sum, according to the Eftimate, Specification, Plan* Elevation and Seftion annexed.

The Eftimate must contain a full Detail of the Particulars of the Works pfopofed to be executed, with the Prices by Measurement or otherwise, of each Particular.

The Specification must contain the general Price of Labourer*, Mafons and other Tradefmen or Artificers, and Bailiffs, neceflazy to be employed on the Work, and of hired Carts* Drays or Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan, Seftion and Elevation, must explain fathfa&oriiy, and in a workmanlike Manner, the whole Work proposed in all k* Parts.

And must also contain a Ground Plan of the Work ptopo&d to he executed, and a Drawing of every Part of the Work.

No Drawing of an Elevation is necefiary where the Sum required does not exceed Forty Pounds, or is solely for Repairs.

Note. — If the Sum required in any such Application ihsfl emceed the Sum of Forty Pounds, a Certificate of the Foreman of the Grand Jury, indorsed on the Application, and Getting forth that such Application, together with the E&hstates, Specifications, Plans or Maps, and Elevations required to be annexed thereto, had been lsdd before the Grand Jury, and read or exhibited to them at the Affizes next immediately preceding any Special Seffion to be held under this Aft, shall be necessary to aathorife the Magistrates assembled at inch Seffions to receive such Application, or take it into Confideration, uuder the Provifions of this Aft.

SCHE-

AJX181*

59° GEO. III. *

a St



SCHEDULE F. *.

Form of Application for holding or repairing Bridget, Pipes or Gullets, or Walls, or ercQing Fences for tie Protsdion of Travellers*

Common A.B. of	and	C,	D. of

j do certify. That it will require the Sum of to build, enlarge or repair a Bridge, Pipe or Gullet, or to build a Wall, or Part of a Wall, necessary for the Support of the Road, or for presenting any ffeep Bank of Earth from falling on the Road, or for cre&mg any Fence, Railing or Wall, for the Prote&ion of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes, lying on the Side of any public Road [n/ the case may be} on‘the Road or new intended Road [as the case may be} from	to

between	and	in	the

Tbwulaad or Townhads of	in this County	;

that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the said Work cannot, to the best of their Judgment, be effectually executed for a (mailer Sum, according to the Plan, Eftimafce and Elevation annexed.

The Eftimate mast contain a full Detail of the Particulars of the Work proposed to be executed, with the Prices by Meafurement or otherwise, of each Particular.

The Specification null contain the general Price of Labourers, Mafons, and any other Tradefmen or Artificers, and Bailiffs, necef-6rrt.be employed on the Work, and of hired Carts, Drays or Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan must contain a Ground Plan of the Work proposed to be executed, a Drawing of the Elevation thereof, and specify particularly the Parts proposed to be boOt with cut or hammered Stone, or Common Mauyiry. No Plan is necessary where the Ap-pBcatum » for Repair only.

No Drawing of the Elevation is necessary where the Sum required is fbldy for Repairs, or where it does not exceed the Sum of Teu Pounds.

Note* — If the Sum required for building in any such Application shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, a Certificate of the Foreman of the Grand v Jury, indorsed on the Application, and Setting forth that such Application, together with the E flimsies, Specifications, Plans or Maps, and Elevations required to be annexed thereto, have been. laid before the Grand Jury, and read or exhibited to them at the Affixes next immediately preceding any Special Seffioa to be held under this A&, shall be necessary to authorise the Magiftratea afiembled at such Seflions to receive such Application, or take it into Confideration, under the Provifions of this A A.

Applicable to Schedule F. I. or F. 2.

Farm of Accounting Affidavit for budding, enlarging or repairing any Sffiou House, Court Hotfe* Werkbeuse, Homfe of Corredlon, County y Infirmary, Hcfifital or other Public Budding, or building or repair* mg Bridget, Pipes or Gullets* or Walk, or eroding Fences for tin Protection of Travellers.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

f at	Affine*	in	the	Year

to fat txpcadtd in [fiats tbs Particulars as fisted hi tie Pnfeutmtnt}

I i 4	at

488-

C 84*	59°	GEO*	IIL '	A*D.	16l£

at	in this County, or on the Road or new

intended Road [or the case may he'] from	to

between	and

in the Townland or Townlands of	in this

County \as the case may be] : Now I	do	swear,’

That I have faithfully and honefUr expended the Sum of in executing the said Work, and that the fame is done pursuant to the said Presentment, and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the	Day	ot	•

SCHEDULE G.

Form of Application for Prefentments to Jill Drains or Trenches on the' Sides of Roads.

County oilA.B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify,' That they have measured Perches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all	in	the	Barony

or Half Barony of	in this County; and that*

Perches of the Drains or Trenches of the Fences thereto immediately adjoin the said Road, without any Back' or Bank between them and the Road; and it will require, the Sum of.

to fill up the fame, and make a fuffident Fence with the Trench or Drain on the Field Side thereof, being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch	;	and	that	the	laid	Sum

is a reasonable Charge to the best of their Judgment*

Form of Accounting Affidavit for filling brain* or Trenches on the Sides of Roads.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

j at	Affixes,	in	the Year

to be expended in filling	Perches	of	Drains or

Trenches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all in the

Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County	: Now I

do swear, That I have- faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	in	executing	the	faid	Work,

purfuant to the said Presentment, and that every Part of the fame was finished on the	Day	of

SCHEDULE H.

Form of Application for filling Gripes.

County of \ A. B. of	and	C. D. of

j do certify. That it will require the Sum of to fill	Perches	of	Gripes	of	Ditches on the Side of the

Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, according to the Specification annexed*

The Specification is to iUte the Gripes, and as near as may be the Nuipber of Cubic Yards requisite to. fill the fame, and. the average

Breadth

A.D.181&

$9® GEO. ml

C.8+.'

489

Breadth and Depth thereof, and the greateit Breadth and Depth in any Part thereof, and the Diftance of the broadest or deepest Part of the Gripes from the gravelled Part of the Road.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for fitting Gripes.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

J at	Aflizes,	in	the Year

to be expended in filling	Perches of Gripes of Ditches

on the Side of the Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony	or Half Barony

of	in this County : Now I	do swear.

That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in the Execution of the Work for which the fame was prefen ted, and that the fame is effectually executed, and that the said Work was finiihed on the	Day	of	•

SCHEDULE I.

Form of Application for ereStng a Bant of Earth to defend the Road through a Bog from the Drains on the Side thereof County of) A. B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify, That they have lately viewed and meaftuned Perches of the Road from	to

between	#	and	,	all	in	the.	Barony	or

Half Barony of	in	this	County	; and that there are

no Banks of Earth or Backs of a Ditch, or other Fences, to defend them, the faid	Perches,	run	through	a	Bog,	from the

Drains on the Side or Sides thereof; and that it will require the Sum> of	to erect sufficient Banks of Earth to defend the

Road from the said Drains, being at the Rate of {this Sum is not to exceed the Rate of Two Shillings by the Perch] by the Perch, which they verily believe is the least the said Work can be effectually executed for.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for ereQing Banks between the Road and the Drains along its Side9 through Bogs•

Cooney ofl WHEREAS the Sum of.	was	prefented

J at *	AiEzes,	in	the Year

to be expended in ere&ing	Perches of Banks of Earth

to defend	Perches	of	the	Road	from	to

between'	and	which

run through a Bog, from the Drains on the Side or Sides thereof, all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County,

being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch: Now I

do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	purfuant	to	faid	Presentment,

and that the Work is effectually executed, afid that it was finished on the	Day of

SCHEDULE K.

Form of Application to maie9 widen or deepen Drains on the Side of a

Ready through a Bog.

County of 1 A. B. of	and C. D* of

j do certify, That it will require the Sum of to make, widen or deepen [as the case may be]

Perches of Drains

490

C. $4

GEO. HL

&D. 1819.

Drain* on the Side of the Roach which is made through a Bog* from	to	between	and	»

all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this County,

and for carrying off the Water therefrom, being at the Rate of by the Perch [the Sum not to exceed One Shilling per Perch] ; and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, and the laid Work is necessary, and cannot be effectually executed for .a fmaUer Sum, to the best of their Judgment;

Form of Accounting Affidavit to make, widen or deepen Drains on the Side of a Roadf through a Bog*

County oft WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

j at	Affixes,	in	the	Year

to be expended in making, widening or deepening [as the case may hr} Perches of Drains on the Side of the Road, which is made through a Bog, from	to	between

and	,	all	in the Barony or Half

Barony of	in	this	County: Now I

do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in Execution of the said Presentment, and that the said Drains are effectually made, deepened or widened [as the case may be], and that the Water is effectually carried off from the Road, and that said Work was finished on the * Day of

SCHEDULE L.

Form of Application for ereSing Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

County of \ A. B. of	does certify. That it will requite

j the Sum of	to	eraSt	Mile

Stones or Finger Pofts [as the case may he'] being at the Rate of for each Mile Stone or Finger rest, on the Road leading from	to	j	and	that all (aid

Mile Stones are to be erected in the Barony or Half Barony of ; and that said Sum is a reasonable Charge, according to the belt of his Judgment.

Note. — It Hi all not be lawful for any Grand Jury to present a larger Sum than Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone, or Thirty Shillings for each Finger PofL

Form of Accounting Affidavit for ereSing Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

County of \ WHEREAS the Sum of	was prefented

j at the	Affixes,	in	the Year

to be expended in ere&ing	Mile	Stones or Finger Pofts

£ as the case may he] being at the Rate of	for each

Mile Stone or Finger Poll, on the Road leading from to	;	all	which Mile Stones or Finger Pofts were to

be erected in the Barony or Half Barony of	.	Now	I

do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of	in	the	Execution	of the Work

for which the fame was presented, and that the Work is cffe&aiaDy executed, and was finilhea on the	Day	of

CAP.

A.D.181&.

59* GEO* III.

C.85.

491

CAP. LXXXV.

An AA to amend and correS an AS of the lad Seffion of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parifh Veftrics in England.

'	[7th July 1819.}

• TT 7 HERE AS an AS was passed in the last Seffion of Parlia- j# G. 3. c. 69.

1 W ment, intituled An A3 for the Regulation of Partjb Veflries,

4	and it is expedient to amend the fame ;* Be it enaSed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the' fame.

That from and after the passing of this AS, any Perfon who shall Person* rated

be assessed and rated for the Relief of the Poor in refipeS of any

annual Rent, Profit or Value arising from any Lands, Tenements or

Hereditaments situate in any Parilh, in which any Veftry shall be mmy rote in

holden under the said recited AS, although such Perfon /hall not Vestry *c-

refide in or be an Inhabitant of such Parifh, shall and may lawfully eordt“g

be present at such Veftry, and such Perfon shall have and be entitled	"f.

to give such and so many Vote or Votes at such Veftry, in refpeS of

the Amount of such Rent, Profit or Value, as by the said AS,

any Inhabitant of such Parifh present at such Veftry might or ought

to have and be entitled to give m refpeS of such Amount, and to all

Intents and Purposes, as if such Perfon were an Inhabitant of fuch

Parifh; any thing in the laid recited AS to the contrary in anywife

notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enaSed, That in aQ Cafes where any Cor- Clerk or Agent poratSon or Body Politic or Corporate or Company shall be charged Corpoiwm, to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of such Parifh, either in the Name of such Corporation or of any Officer of the said Corporation, eoediogto ttie it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk, Secretary, Steward or other Value of the Agent duly authorised for that Purpofe of such Corporation or Body Premises rated. Politic or Corporate or Company, to be present at any Veftry to be holden in the (aid Parifh under the said recited AS 5 and such Clerk,

Secretary, Steward or Agent, Audi be entitled to give such and so many Vote or Votes at such Veftry, in refpeS of the Amount of the Rent, Profit or Value of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as by the said AS any Inhabitant stfiefled to such Rate present at such Veftry might or ought to have and be entitled to in refpeS of such Amount; any thing in the said recited AS to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

* III. And Whereas by the said AS it was intended to be 58 G. 3. c. 69*

* enaSed that no Perfon mould be present at or vote at any Veftry f 5-

*	who should have refused to pay any Afieffment that had become due

*	and had been demanded of such Perfon, but the Word ‘ and ’ was

4 by Miftake so inserted in the said AS, as to make the fame in € that refpeS ambiguousNow, to reSify such Mistake, be it further enaSed, That no Perfon who shall have refused or negleSed to Nonpayment of pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor which shall be due from	dli-

aad shall have been demanded of him, fhaH be entitled to vote or to

be present in any Veftry of the Parifh for which such Rate shall oTJSingfa1 have been made, until he shall have paid the fame ; nor shall any such Vestry. Clerk, Secretary, Steward or Agent, be entitled to be present or to vote, nor shall be present or vote, at any Veftry in such Parifh, unlefs

all

492

59° GEO. Ill;

A.D.1819.

C. 85,86.

all Rates for the Relief of the Poor, which shall have been assessed and charged upon or in respect of the annual Rent, Profit or Value, in right of which any such Clerk, Secretary, Steward or Agent shall claim to be present and vote, which shall be due, and which shall have been demanded at any time before the Meeting of such Veftry, shall have been paid and satisfied.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An A£l for regulating the Exercife of the Right of Common of Pafture in the New For ft* in the County of Southampton ; for repealing certain Parts of Two Ads passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty second Years of His present Majesty \ and for the better Colle&ion and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Foreft of Dean* in the County of Glouce/ler.

C7th July 1819.]

c YT7HEREAS confiderable Inconvenience and Injury is fuf-* VV- tained, and much Damage done to the young Timber and to 4 the Herbage in the New Foreft* in the County of Southampton* by 4 Perfons not having Rights of Common in the said Foreft turning 4 Horfes, Cattle, and other Beads to depafture in the (aid Fored,

4 and by other Perfons having Rights of Common on the said Fored 4 suffering their Horfes, Cattle and other Beads to remain thereon 4 during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time, contrary to Law ; and 4 it is expedient that additional Remedies should be provided to pre-4 vent such Damage and Injury : And Whereas an Ad was passed in $9 & 40 G 3.	4 the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His Mayefty’s Reign, intiT

86.	* tuled An A3 for the better Prefervation of Timber in the New Fored,

4 in the County of Southampton, andfor ascertaining the Boundaries of 4 the said Foreft and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame : And S% G. 3. c.161. 4 Whereas an A61 was passed in the Fifty second Year of His Ma-4 jefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for enabling His Majejty to grant 4 Leafes under certain Ctrcumjtances* and for the better carrying into 4 Fffe3 the Provifions of an A3 faffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 4 Tear of His present Majejty, touching the Formation of a Map of the 4 New Foreft, in the County of Southampton, and continuing and ex-4 tending other Provifions of the said A3; for further appropriating the 4 Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under 4 the Authority of divers A3s of Parliament; and for annexing certain 4 Lands within the Forejt of Rockingham to His Majefty1 s Manor of 4 King’s Cliffe ; andfor enabling the Commissioners of the Treafwry to 4 appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclejiajtical Purpofes : And 4 Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Ads as fub-4 jeds the Regarders, Under Forefters, Under Keepers, or other 4 Officers of the said Forests, to Forfeiture and Deprivation of their 4 Offices for the Offences in the said Ads mentioned: And Whereas 4 it iB necessary to provide for the better Colle&ion and Recovery 4 of the annual Compofitions usually called Gale Reuts or Gawlr 4 Rents, now due and in Arrear, or which may hereafter become 4 due to His Majesty, in His Majefty’s Foreft of Dean, in the 4 County of Gloucester:9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that, it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent: Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

and

59° GEO. Ill*

499

C.86*

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the passing Officers of the

of this A& it shall and may be lawful for any Regarder, Groom New Forest

Keeper, Foreder, Under Foreder, or other Officer of the New empowered

Forefl9 m the County of Southampton, to seize any Horse, Mare or	.

Gelding, or any other Cattle or Bead belonging to any Perfon or depestaring

Perfons not having or being entitled to Rights of Common of Paf- thereon.

ture on the said Fored, found depaduring thereon at any time of the

Year ; and also to take and seize any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or

any other Cattle or Bead belonging to any Perfon or Perfons having

and being entitled to Right of Common or Padure on the said Fored,

which shall be found depaduring therein during the Winter Seafon or

Hayning time; (that is to fay), between the Twenty third Day of

November and the Fourth Day of May yearly, and every such Horse,

Mare or Gelding, or other Bead so seized, to impound in New Park or such other Place within the said Fored as the Verderors thereof or any Two of them shall from time to time appoint, and every such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead to keep impounded until redeemed by the Owner or Owners thereof, on Payment of the Penalties hereinafter imposed, and of the Expences (if any) incurred in the Keep of the said Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of Penalties for every Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead so seized and impounded, Offences on shall forfeit and pay the several Penalties following ; (that is to fay,)

Every Perfoanot having or being entitled to Right of Common of of Common. Padure on the said Fored, who mall be convidied before the Verderors of the (aid Fored, or any T wo of them, or in the Court of Attachments of the said Fored, of turning out or suffering to depaf-tnre in the said Fored at any time in the Year, any Horse, Mare,

Gelding or other Bead of which such Perfon shall be the Owner, the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Horse, Mare, Gelding or other First Offence. Bead so turned out or found depaduring, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead shall Be unredeemed by such Perfon after the fame shall be seized and impounded; and if such Perfon shall be convicted a Second time of Second Offence, turning out or suffering to depadure in the said Fored at any time of the Year, the fame or any other Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead of which such Perfon shall be the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Bead so turned out or luffered to depadure, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead shall be unredeemed by such Perfon after the fame (nail be seized and impounded; and if such Per- Third Offence, son shall be convicted a Third time, or any subsequent time, of a like Offence, such Perfon shall forfeit and pay for each Horse, Mare,

Gelding or other Bead so turned out or found depaduring, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, and the further Sum of Sixpence for each Day the fame shall be unredeemed:

And every Perfon having or being entitled to Right of Common of On Persons . Padure in the said Fored, who shall be convicted before the Ver-derors of the said Fored, or any Two of them, or in the Court of ° imnon* Attachments of the said Fored, of turning out or suffering to depaf-ture in the said Fored, during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time hereinbefore specified, any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead of which such Perfon shall be the Owner, the Sum of Seven Shillings First Offenss.

C. 86.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Penalties how to be recovered.

If Produce of Sale of Beast not sufficient, then Distress on Offender** Goods.

Owners of Beasts, on paying Penalty, Ac. may have Beasts returned.

Application of Penalties.

for each Horfe# Mare, Gelding or other Bead so turned out or found depalluring in the said Foreft, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Hone, Mare, Gelding or other Bead (half be unredeemed by such Perfon, after the fame shall be seized and impounded j and if such Perfon shall be convicted a Second time of turning out or fuf-fering to depafture in the said Foreft during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time, the fame or any other Horse, Mare, Gelding or Beaft of which such last mentioned Perfon shall be the Owner, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings for each Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Beaft so turned out or found depasturing, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Beaft shall be unredeemed after being seized and impounded; and if such Perfon shall be convicted a Tnird time, or any fubfeqwent time, of a like Offence, such Perfon shall forfeit and pay for each Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft so turned out or found depafturing during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time, the Sum of Twenty one Shillings, and the further Sum of Sixpence for each Day the fame shall be unredeemed after being seized and impounded.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the said Penalties hereinbefore imposed shall and may be recovered before the Verderors of the said Foreft, or any Two of them, or in the Court of Attachments of the said Foreft; and in case any Penalty or Penalties so recovered shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Verderors of the said Court before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, or any Two of the Verderors, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, and dire6led to the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to execute the Judgments and Orders of the said Court for tne said Foreft, to cause the Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft in respect of which such Penalty or Penalties shall be recovered, to be publicly fold, and the Amount of such Penalty or Penalties recovered, together with the Colls of Sale, to be retained and paid out of the Proceeds of such Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft so fold; and in case the Sum or Suras of Money obtained from the Sale of any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast, shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties recovered against the Owner or Owners thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two of tnem, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed as aforesaid, to caule the Remainder of such Penalty or Penalties to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Colls and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) oa demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Owner of any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft so impounded as aforesaid, shall forthwith on Convi&ion pay the Penalties aforesaid in respect of the fame, together with the Colls (if any) of the Keep thereof, then and immediately on such Payment, such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beall so impounded shall be restored to the Owner or Owner? thereof.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all the said Penalties hereinbefore imposed shall, when recovered, be by the Verderors or other Perfon or Perfons receiving the fame, forthwith paid over to the Under Steward of the said Foreft, to be applied in defraying the

Expenoes

59° GEO. III.

C.86.

495

Expellees attending the Execution of any Laws relating to the said Foreft, $s the Verderors of the said Foreft, or any Two or more of them, (half at a Court of Attachments of the said Foreft direct: Pro*

▼ided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained Proviso for shall extend, or be conftrned, deemed or taken to extend, to repeal of the or annul any of the Laws now existing in reg rard to the Exercife of Fo^V*Uu,n* the Right of Common of Pastare, or any other Rights of Common common.0 in or upon the said Foreft ; but that all such Laws (nail remain and continue in full Force and EfFe&, and shall and mar be carried into Execution in such and the like manner as if this Act had never been

pafled.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Adts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Fifty second Years of His 39 & 40 G. 3. Majefty*8 Reign, as fubie&s certain Officers therein mentioned to c.86. § 93. Forfeiture and Deprivation of their Offices for the Offences in the ^ said A&s mentioned, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed *I4# r8peml * and made void: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that But Verderors nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or may fine Retaken to extend, to repeal or annul so much of the said A&s, or gwdera,Under either of them, as enadts that it shall be lawful for the Verderors of the feid Foreft, or any Two of them, to enquire into the Condu& 180011 uct* and Behaviour of the Retarders, Under Formers, Groom Keepers, or other Officers of the said Foreft in the said Offices; and that if the (aid Verderors ihall find that any of the said Regarders, Under Forefters, Groom Keepers or other Officers have been guilty of any of the Offences m the said A&s mentioned, that then and in fucti

Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Verderors or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them on Oath of any such wilful AA, NcgleA, Omiffion or Default in the said Ads mentioned), to let and impose a Fine not exceeding the Sam of Ten Pounds on such Regarder, Under Forester, Groom Keeper, or other Officer for every such his wilful Ad, Negled, Omiffion or Default, to be received and applied as therein mentioned, but that all such Powers shall remain and continue in full Force and Effed, and shall and may be carried into Execution in such and the like manner as if this Ad had never been passed.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Perfon who now does dr who shall be appointed to and hold the Office of Gaveller or Keeper of the Gawle, called The Gawle above the Wood, within the Foreft of Dean, in the County of G lovelier, and the Office of Keeper of the Gawle under the Wood, within the said Foreft for the time being, from and after the passing of this Ad, to recover and levy any Sum or Sums of Money now due and owing, or which shall hereafter become due and payable to His Majesty, from any Perfon or Perfons, for and in ffefped of the annual Compofition8 usually called Gale Rente or Gawle Rente, payable writhin the said Foreft, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chat-eels of the Perfon or Perfons from whom such Compofitions are or ihall be due and owing, wheresoever the fame shall be found, together with the Cofts and Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, as in Cfce Nature of a Diftrefs for Rent; and in case the Goods and Chat-t*U distrained shall be replevied by the Owner or Owners thereof, and a Suit or Action m Replevin shall be brought, and prosecuted or commenced agatnft the laid Gaveller, or the Perfon or Perfons

making

Officer* herein named may distrain for Gale Rents or Gawle Rents, due to His Majesty.

C. 86.

59? GEO. III.

A.D* 1819.

Pleading.

Principal Gaveller may recover Gale Rent or Gale Money by Action in a Court of Record.

Gaveller to recover for Use of His Majesty, and to account. &c.

Proviso for proceeding by Information, for recovering Compositions.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

making such Distress, it shall and may be lawful for the Perfon holding the said Office of Gaveller to plead to the said Ad ion, or to avow the taking the said Goods and Chattels, and for the Perfon or Perfons making such Di ft refs to make cognisance as the Bailiff of the said Gaveller for the time being for the making the said Distress, alleging in such Avowry or Cognifance, that the (aid Diftrefs whereof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs complained, was made by Authority of and according to the Purport ot this Ad, for so much Gale Rent or Gawle Kent due from the Plaintiff to die said Gaveller, as Gaveller of the Foreft of Dean, without ex pressing or Rehearfal of any other Matter; to which Avowry or Cognifance the Plaintiff shall be admitted to plead that the Defendant did take the said Diftrefs of his own wrong, without any such Caufe alleged by the Defendant; whereupon the I flue in such Adion shall be joined, and upon the Trial of that Iffue the whole Matter to be given by both Parties in Evidence according to the very Truth of the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Principal Gaveller for the time being of the said Foreft of Dean, to sue for and recover any Arrears or Sums now due, or at any time hereafter to grow or become due, from any Perfon or Perfons for and in respect of any such Compofltions as aforesaid, in any of His Maieftv’s Courts of Record; and all such Adions fball be brought in the Name of the Principal Gaveller for the time being of the laid Foreft of Dean; and in all such Adions it shall be fuflicient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him the said Plaintiff as Principal Gaveller of the Foreft of Dean, for so much Money due and owing as Gale Rent or Gawle Rent, .from the Defendant or Defendants to the Plaintiff as such Principal Gaveller, without setting forth any other Special Matter; and no such Adion or Suit shall abate or be dif-continued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whose Name the fame shall be so brought or commenced.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money to be .recovered* by the Perfon being Principal Gaveller of the said Foreft of Dean, either by Diftrefs or Adion, under the Authority of this Ad, for any such Compofltions as aforesaid, shall be recovered for the Ufe of His Majesty, and shall be accounted for and applied by the said Gaveller, as he is now bound by Law to account for and apply all Gale Rent or Gale Money received by him.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exchequer, or any other Court, for the recovering of any such Compofltions as aigiresaid, or any Arrears thereof, in any Cafes in which it shall be thought expedient so to do.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Ad, either in the New Forejl or the said Foreft of Dean, such Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Adion may plead the General Ifsue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence

7

! A.D. 181.9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 86,87.

497

for his or their Defence; and if upon a Trial a Verdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their A&ion or Profecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or other wife, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts awarded to him or them againil such Plaintiff or Treble Cotfs. Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXV1I.

An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt.	[l2th July 1819.3

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTyTE, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the 4 VV Commons of tne United Kingdom of Great Britain and * Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary 4 Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant 4 unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do most 4 humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be ena&edand be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, the several Duties of Excife following; that is to fay.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bufhels Malt in Stock Winchester Measure, which shall have been or shall be in the Stock, on or after Cuftodv or Poffefiion of any Perfon in Ireland on or after the Fifth Jan* 5» 1810, Day or January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which	Dut7

shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty "payable	***

thereon under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad, a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence British Currency, in addition to the Duty with which such Malt shall nave been so charged or chargeable under any such Ad or Ads:

For and upon every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bufhels Malt made Winchester Measure, which at any time or times from and after the after that Day, said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, a	°f f4*

shall be made of Barley, or any other Com or Grain in Ireland, by oft^er* any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, or for which any Perfon shall be j^gh Duties, chargeable with Duty by Law, whether the fame shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings Britifb Currency, and so proportionablv for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before tne palling of this Ad.

IL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day Counterrsiling of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, there shall be charged on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale and Spirits made or &c, jnto diftafled in Great Britain, and imported bom thence into Ireland, the Ireland. Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfadion of all MS Guo. ID.	K	k	Counter-

498

C.S7,

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Milt, 14s. per Barrel.

Beer, 9s. 9<L per Barrel.

British Spirits, imported from G. B. into Ireland, 6s. per Gallon.

Drawback of Duties on Exportation from Ireland • to G. B.

Drawbacks on Malt. &c. exported to any other Place than G. B. 14s. per Barrel for Malt, and 9s. 9<L for Beer.

Drawback on Exportation of Spirits ware* boused 6<L per Galion; on Spirits not warehoused, exported to any Place except G. B. 6s. per Gallon.

Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon such Mak, or on such Beer or Ale or Spirits, under or by virtue of any Aft or A£b of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Ad; that is to fay,

For and upon every Barrel of Malt 'made in Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings British Currency:

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing Thirty two Galions, brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Nine pence British Currency:

For and upon every Gallon Irijb Wine Meafure of Spirits which shall be made or dikilled in Great Britain, and which shall be imported from Great Britain into Ireland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Fouf over Hydrometer Proof (being, according to Law, Twenty one per Centum above Proof by Sikes’s Hydrometer), the Sum of Six Shillings British Currency, and so in proportion for any less Degree of Strength, not being less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof (being, according to Law, Seven per Centum above rroof by Sikes’s Hydrometer!:

• And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt or Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland respectively, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Malt, and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and inkead of. all former Drawbacks on Malt, or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be paid to every Perfon who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Aft shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Drawbacks or Allowances following; that is to fay, For every Barrel of such Malt the Sum of Fourteen Shillings Britt/b Currency ; and for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Nine pence British Currency.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in Ireland, and which shall be exported from thence to Great Britain, or die-where, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Sixpence and no more upon every Gallon of such Spirits, for and in respect of the Duty paid on the Malt used and continued in the making of such Spirits, in lieu and inkead of all Drawbacks allowed or made payable on such Spirits in respect of such Duty by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland; and that on all Spirits diddled from Corn in Ireland, on which all Duties imposed by Law thereon have been

said, and which shall be exported from tnence otherwise than from I lis Majeky’s Warehoufes to any Place except Great Britain, the Sum of Six Shillings British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, being according to Law Seven per Centum above Proof by Sikes’s Hydrometer, in lieu of all Drawbacks allowed or

made

i

59° GEO. III.

499

A.D. 1819.

C.87.

made payable on such Spirits so exported by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland\

V.	And in order to secure the additional Duty of Four Shillings Officer to take and Eight pence per Barrel on Malt imposed by this Aft, be it an Account of enacted. That it mall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers Stoclc of

of Excife in Ireland, to take an Account of the Quantity %of all j“n°r Malt, ground or unground, which shall be in the Stock, Cuftody ^*0f Com! or Pofleffion of any Perfon in Ireland\ on or after the said Fifth Day &c. in Process of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which shall on the aaid have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon 5th under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Aft; and shall also take an Account of the Quantity of all Corn or Grain in Procefs of being made into Malt, which shall on the said Fifth Day of January be in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Diftiller making Malt in Ireland; and every such Officer or Officers shall make a Return in Writing to the Returns made Colleftor of Excife or other Officer in charge of the respective Dif- by Officer to trifts in which such Malt, or Com in Procefs of being made into Excbeof Malt, shall have been or shall be on the said Fifth Day of Ja- Quantity of unary 9 of the just and true Quantity of all such Malt in the Stock, Malt and Cuftody or Pofleffion of such Perfon, and of the Quantity of Malt Com in P«>-by Law chargeable in respect of all Com or Grain in Procefs of and f . being made into Malt, in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any	~

such Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, and of the Amount of the additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Barrel imposed under and by virtue of this Aft, as well for all Dry Malt as for all Malt chargeable with Duty in respect of all Com or Grain in Procefs of being made into Malt in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of every such Perfon respectively, on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and every such Return shall be a Charge on Return to be s every such Perfon respectively; and every such Officer is hereby cliar8e« required to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Penon respectively, or at the Dwelling House or Stores of such Perfon respectively: Provided always, that Allowance for in all such Dry Malt there shall be made an Allowance and De- Dr7 dnftkm from the Accounts so taken by the Officer after the Rate of Twelve Barrels in every One hundred Barrels of Brown or Porter Malt, and of Five Barrels in every One hundred Barrels of all other Malt.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the proper Officer of Excife Maltster

in his Return against any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or Brewer or charged 91.4^-Diftiller making Malt, for the Month ending the * Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall charge such f^iSonth Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, with ending Jan. 5, the Duty of Nine Shillings and Four pence British Currency per 1810; but in Barrel imposed and payable upon Malt under and by virtue of the following federal Afts in force in Ireland immediately previous to the said Jffij ^ Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for charged, and in respect of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, shall by Law be chargeable for the said Month: Provided always; that tne Officer of Excife in his Returns against any Maltfter or

K k 2	Maker

500

a 87.

590 GEO. ILL

A.D.1819,

Malt, for which Permit, &c. shall have been granted for Removal before Jan. 5,18zof shall, on its Arrival on or after that Day, pay the additional Duty of 4S. 8d. per Barret

Timet of Payment of additional Duty of 48. 8d. per Barrel.

Not paying additional Duty, or removing Malt without Permit, &c.

Penalty.

Maker of Malt, or Brewer Diftiiler making Malt, for the Month ending the Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and in like manner for every subsequent Month, shall charge such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiiler making Malt, with the full Duty of Fourteen Shillings ter Barrel imposed on Malt by this Aft, for and in respect of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diluller making Malt, shall by Law be chargeable for any such Month or • Months ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise not-withftanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Malt for the Removal of which from any Place in Ireland\ to any other Place within the fame, either Coaftwife or by Canal or Land Carriage, a Coaft Cocket * or Permit shall have been granted before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which shall arrive at the Place of its Detonation on or after the said Fifth Day of Ja-nuary9 shall on its Arrival become chargeable with the said additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence for and upon every Barrel thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or Iefs Quantity ; and the Officer or Officers of Excife (hau make a Return thereof to the Colleftor of Excife of the District, or other Officer in Change of the Collection, in. like manner as is herein directed with respect to the Return to be made by any Officer or Officers of Malt ini the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Perfon on the said Fifth Day of January, and such Return shall be a .Qharge on the Perfon into whole' Cuftody or Pofleffion such Malt shall come, on or after the said Fifth Day of Januaryy and such Perfon shall he charged with and shall pay * the additional Duty for the fame accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons charged with the additional Duty on Malt of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Barrel imposed by this Aft, shall pay the fame to the Colleftor of the District, or other Chief Officer in charge of the Colleftion of the District, at the times and in manner following ; that is to fay. One Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of February, One other Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of March* One other Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of April* and the remaining Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of May next after the passing of this Aft, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed, in which Cade the whole of the said additional Duty shall be paid for all such Malt as shall be so removed before the fame shall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the fame shall be granted.

IX.	And be it further enafted* That every Perfon chargeable with the said additional Duty on Malt under this Aft, who shall not pay the additional Duty so charged on all such Malt in manner and at the times directed by this Aft, or who shall remove any such Malt with* out having paid or cleared the whole of the said additional Duty payable on the Malt so removed, or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excife there shall appear to have been any Decreafe of such Malt, without having obtained from the proper Officer al Permit authoring the Removal of such Malt so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay double the Amount of such additional Duty chargeable on such Malt, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

X. And

A.D. I SIB.

69* GEO. Ilf/

a 61.

50 J

X.	And he it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties carried several Duties by this A A granted, the necessary Charges of paying to Conaoli-and collecting the fame being deduced, shall be carried to ana made &***& Fund. Part-of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XL And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes when any of Maltaawdla* the said additional Duties on. Malt payable under this A A by any other Goods,

* Perfon shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties or any Part thereof are by this Aft made due and payable, it shall and may be put* * lawful for the Colleftor of Excife of the District, or other Officer ‘in charge of the Colleftion of the District, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and dif-train any Malt, or any other Goods or Chattels in the Ufe, Cuftody or Poffeffion of the Perfon owing fuQh Duties, and to cause the fame to be fold by public Auftion ; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Perfon, together with the Coda and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus ariftng from the Safe thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to such Perfon, or his or .her respective Representatives : Provided always, that when any Malt shall be so Aft* Distress,

•	taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful tor such Perfon, or Malt may be

his or her respective Reprefentatives, at any time or times before the MfWVdue • Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to Obtain Permits for convey- y 8	9

*	jng all or any Part of such Malt, upon his, her or their paying to the Colleftor or other Chief Officer aforeftnd, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Malt as he, she or they shall desire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly ; and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall on due and ^rmit

. Application be given for the fame, in like manner as if no such Dif- gran tress had been made.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the several Drawbacks Former Draw-payable under any Aft or Afts in force immediately before the bac^J r*raa,n passing of thi. Aft upon Malt, or upon Beer or Ale or Spirits re- exported, u^n lpeftively exported from Ireland to Great Britain or eliewhere, shall which additional continue to be paid and allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale Duty not paid, or Spirits respectively so exported, upon which the additional or increased Duty, in respect whereof the increased Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Aft, shall not have been folly paid and satisfied :

Provided also, that the increased Drawbacks by this Aft made pay- Oath to be able shall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on any Beer or Ale taken by Ex-or Spirits respectively so exported, unless the Perfon reipeftively who P^ter, &c. shall export such Malt or Beer or Ale respectively shall make Oath ^^wb«kii that the additional or increased Duties, on account of which such allowed. Drawbacks shall be required respectively, have been folly paid and satisfied, and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

XJII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Drawbacks Drawback* shall be paid by the Colleftor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the P**d	,

DiRrift from which such Malt or Beer or Ale or Spirits shall be ex-	n

ported, out of any Money in his Hands, on. such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame shall be exported, as is required by . an Aft made

Kk 3	in

502

C. 87,

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9,

From Aug. 5, 1819, Maltsters to pay the Duty within Four Months

47	G.3. Sets. 2. in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty'a Reign, intituled c* ,6’ * 7‘ An AS to grant to His Majesty, until tbs Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandefe, into and from Ireland, in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of an internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Maltller or Maker of Malt shall pay the Duty which, by any Return

_____________ or Charge for the Calendar Month ending on the said Fifth Day of

after the Charge Augujl, or for any subsequent Calendar Month, shall appear to have made, unless become due and payable in respect of the Malt, with Duty for which ^ftlt •°yner such Maltfler or Maker of Malt shall be by Law chargeable for any rcm0Y	fuch Month respectively, within Four Calendar Months after the

End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed from the Malt House or Place where the fame shall have been kept, in which Cafe the said Duties shall be paid for all such Malt as shall be intended to be removed before any Permit for removing, carrying or conveying the fame shall be granted; and every Maltfler or Maker of Malt shall for every Default in Payment of any such Duty within the time Penalty.	aforesaid,	forfeit	Twenty	Pounds,	together	with a Sum equal to

double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged.

Provisions in XV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts former Acta re- of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at the time of the pafling ment'of Duty	Aft for the Colleftion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and

within 31 Days, regulating the Trade of a Maltfler, as requires such Duties to be repealed. paid within Thirty one Days, or as inflifts any Penalty for the Mon Payment of the lame within such Thirty one Days, (nail from and alter the said Fifth Day of Augujl be repealed, except so far as the fame relate to the Payment of any Duties chargeable or charged before the said Fifth Day of Augujl•

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Aft granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, and shall be railed, levied, collested, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the railing, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years or His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for settling the Excife or New Impofi upon His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, according to the 46 G. 3. c. 106. Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the fevered ASs relating to the Hr* venues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Conmiffemers of Gufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffloners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Aft or Afts in force m Ireland, relating to the Duties on Malt, or to the Revenue of Cuftonm* and Excife^ or cither of them, as fully and effectually to all Intent^

and.

Duties and Drawbacks, liow to be levied and paid.

14 & 15 C. a.

(i.)

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 87,88.

508

and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with

the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved,

as in and by the said recited Aft made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth

Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other A ft

or Afts as aforesaid, is provided; and that all and every Aft and Powers of

Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties of Excife on Malt, former Acts rt- '

and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters	Duties

and Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend

to the railing, levying and collecting the several Duties by this Aft ^ct.

granted on Malt, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes

as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, Act altered, Ac. amended ot repealed bf any Aft or Afts to be made in this present this Session. Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to repeal the annual Excife Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and SnufF, continued by an Aft of the present Seflion of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty.	[I2th July 1819.}

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the 4 VV Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards railing the Supplies 4 necessary to defray the Expences of Your Majefty's Government,

4 have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your 4 Majesty, the several Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter * respectively mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech 4 Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Duty cm If air, hundred and nineteen, the Excife Duties upon Malt, and upon	continued

Tobacco and Snuff respectively, continued by an Aft of this pre-	^au*

fent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for continuing to Hit Ma-	ceMe>

jcftj certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penfiont, Offices and Perfonal Efiates in England, for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid ; or to any except Ar-Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating ran, Ac. thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II.	And be it further enacted. That in lieu of the said Duties In lieu of hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, Duties repealed throughout Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His the followmg Heirs and Succeffors, the several Duties of Excife hereinafter men-boned ; (that is to fay),

For and upon every Bufhel of Malt which shall on or after the Malt is. per \ Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and Bushel.

if k 4	before

504

C.8S.

59° GEO. 1IJ.

A.D. 1819.

Tobacco and Snuff, not being Irish, is. per lb.

Proviso respecting Tobacco and Snuff warehoused.

Duties levied as former Duties.

Powers of former Acta for securing such Duties extended to this Act.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight' hundred and twenty, be made in iIreat Britain, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, or shall be brought from Scotland into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer, that it hath paid the Duty due ' thereon of One Shilling for every Bufhel thereof, an Excife Duty of One Shilling:

For and upon every Pound Weight of all Tobacco and Snuff (not being Irijb Tobacco or Snuff) respectively, imported or brought into Great Britain, on or after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and of all Tobacco and Snuff respectively, which shall on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen be in the Warehoufe in which the fame was deposited before Payment of the Duty hereby repealed* an Excife Duty of One Shilling :	.

Provided always, that such Duty on any Tobacco or Snuff duly warehoused shall not be payable on any such Tobacco and Snuff, unless and until any such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall, between the Day8 aforesaid, be taken out of any such Warehoufe for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby imposed shall be respectively railed, levied, collested, recovered, paid and applied in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties respectively hereby repealed were or might be railed, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied; and the said Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities by this Aft respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with the said Duties imposed, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftriftions and Forfeitures to which such Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by the said recited Aft ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed again 11 or in breach of the (aid recited Aft, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament thereby continued and in force for securing the said respective Duties hereby repealed, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Di-reftions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excife respectively hereby imposed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Afts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this Seffioo of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.1819*

59° GEO. IIL

C.89, 90.

505

CAP. LXXXIX.

• An Aft to continue, until the Tenth Day of Oftober One thou-f?nd eight hundred and twenty four, an Aft made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

[lath July 1819.J

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of 51 J* ^iti. • W the Rei^n of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to fuf-4 pendy until the Tenth Day of Oftober One thousand eight hundred and 4 nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines; and it is 4 expedient that the fame ihould be continuedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by die Authority of the fame, That the said Aft shall be continued until the continued;

Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

CAP. XC.

An Aft for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties-on Soap ; for preferring the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excife on the Premifes of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excife Duties on Printed Calicoes.	[12th	July	1819/J

4 TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations in 4 VV order to prevent the Evafion of the Duties on Soap, and 4 Frauds relating thereto Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Notice to be and after the Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred	O®-	'

and nineteen, all and every Maker and Makers of White, Yellow,

Brown or Soft Soap, shall, before he, she or they shall begin to So«p out oftb* cleanse or take any such Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Copper, &c.

Veffel by him, her or them used for the boiling, or making of such Soap, give to the Officer of the Divifton or Place where such Soap is intended to be cleansed, Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when such Maker of Soap intends to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel, as hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay), if such Soap is intended to he cleansed at any Place within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in Tendon, then such Notice shall be so given Six Hours next before tJbe time of beginning to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel; and if such Soap is intended to be cleansed at aify Place out of the Limits aforesaid, then such Notice shall be so given Twelve Hours next before the time of beginning to cleanse or take such £oap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel; and. if any such Maker or Makers of Soap shall begin to cleanse as aforesaid any White, Yellow, Brown or Soft Soap, without giving such Notice a3 aforesaid, he* she or they shall, for every fuen Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if Penalty iocl;

any

C. 90.

59° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1819.

In what Case Notice void.

Cleansing, &c. without new Notice.

Penalty iool.

47 G. 3. c. 3C. • Seas. 2. § io.

Other Perioda and Regulations specified for cleansing, &c.

Hard Soap,

Six Frames and upwards.

Three Frames 'and leas than

Six.

any such Maker or Makers shall not begin to deanfe and take such Soap from and out of the Copper* Pan or Veflel as aforesaid, within the Space of Three Hours next after the particular Time or Hour mentioned in any such Notice, then such Notice shall be void and of none Effest; and every Maker of Soap who, after the Expiration of the said Space of Three Hours, shall begin to cleanse or take any Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Veflel, without having first • given a new and other like Notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

* II. And Whereas, by an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year 4 of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to amend several Laws ‘ of Excife m Great Britain relating to the Duties on Salt, Soap,*

*	Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits and Glass, and for reftormg 4 Seizures in certain Cases, it is amongst other things enacted, that

*	every Maker or Makers of Soap, having begun to cleanse or take

*	his, her or their Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or other

*	Utenfil, by him, her or them used for the boiling or making of 4 Soap, shall within the Space of Four Hours from the time ofnis,

*	her or their having so begun, cleanse and take the whole of his, her 4 or their Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or other Utenfil;

‘ and if any Maker or Makers of Soap, having begun to cleanse or 4 take his, her or their Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or 4 other Utenfil by him, her or them used for the boiling or making 4 of Soap, shall not, within the Space of Four Hours from the time 4 of his, her or their having so tggun, cleanse and take the whole of 4 his, her or their Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or other 4 Utenfil, such Maker or Makers of Soap so offending shall for every 4 such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And 4 Whereas the said last mentioned Provifions have not been found 4 sufficient to prevent the Frauds thereby intended to hive been pie-4 vented ;* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of the said last mentioned Aft as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which shall have been incurred before or on the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Mai :er and Makers of Soap who shall begin to cleanse or take any Soap from or out of any Copper, Boiler or Veflel by him, her or them used for the boiling or making of Soap, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to cleanse and,take the whole of the Soap boiled or made in any such Copper, Boiler or Veflel from and out of the fame within the times hereinafter rel^eftively men* tioned in that behalf; that is to fay, if any Maker of Hard Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Veflel, and shall cleanse or put the fame into Six Frames, or more than Six Frames, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Veflel, from and out of the fame within the Space of Three Hours from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veflel; and if any Maker of Hard Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, ran or Veflel, and shall cleanse or put the fame into

Three

A.D. 181$.

59° GEO. III.

C. 90.

507

Three Frames, or less than Six Frames, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or VefTel, from and out of the fame within the Space of Two Hours from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel; and if any Maker of Hard Soap Two Frames shall begin to cleanse or take any Hard Soap from or out of any and leas. .Copper, Pan or VefTel, and shall cleanse or put the fame into Two Frames, or less than Two Frames, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or VefTel, from and out of the fame within the Space of One Hour from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soap from or but of such Copper, Pan or VefTel; and if any Maker of Soft Soap Soft Soap,

shall begin to cleanse or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Cop- Twenty Barrelli

per, Pan or VefTel which shall contain Twenty Barrels, or Five thou- *nd “P™^

land one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, or more,

and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made

in such Copper, Pan or Veffel from and out of the fame within the

Space of Three Hours from the time of his having first begun to

cleanfe or take such Soft Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or

Veffel; and that if any Maker of Soft Soap shall begin to cleanfe

or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Veffel,

which shall contain Ten Barrels, or Two thousand five hundred and Ten Barrels.

sixty Pounds Weight, and less than Five thousand one hundred and

twenty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, and shall not cleanse and take

the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or

Veffel from and out of the fame within the Space of Two Hours

from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soft

Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel; and that if any

Maker of Soft Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Soft Soap

from or outT of any Copper, Pan or Veffel which shall contain any

such Soft Soap, and less than Ten Barrels, or Two thousand five Los than Ten

hundred and sixty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, and shall not cleanie Barrels.

and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan

or Veffel from and out of the fame within the Space of One Hour

from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soft

Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel, all and every fuch

Maker and Makers of Soap relpe&ively, shall for every such Oftence, Maker offend-

in each and every such Cafe, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty iug,Penalty5oL

Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Regulations Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, «to making every Maker of Hard Soap, who shall make any Yellow or Mottled Soap, shall, when and so soon as such Yellow or Mottled Soap Mottled jrcfpe&ively shall have been cleansed and taken from and out of t-he Copper, Pan or Veffel in which the fame has been boiled and made, add and put into such Copper, Pan or Veffel, all the Fob and Skimmings which have been taken out of such Copper, Pan or Veffel, and afro Grease, in the Proportion of at least One hundred Weight of Greafe for every Ton of Yellow or Mottled Soap re-fpe^tively which such Copper, Pan or Veffel shall be computed by the Officer to boil and make, and shall immediately remelt fuen Greafe in such Copper, Pan or Veffel in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife; and if any Maker or Makers of Soap shall make any Yellow or Mottled Soap, and shall not, within

the

C. 90.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Makers offending. Penalty aool.

Leci fit for Soap not to be manufactured for Sale, or sold, nor Barilla exceeding 28 lbs. be ground for Sale, or abld.

Penalty of iocl. Forfeiture.

10 Ann. c. 19.

ns:

tt G.ue. 30, $37.

the Space of Half an Hour after fucli Yellow or Mottled Soap shall have been cleansed and taken from and out of the Copper, Pan or VefTel in which the fame has been boiled or made, add and put into such Copper, Pan or Veffel, all the Fob and Skimming* which have been taken out of such Copper, Pan or VefTel, and also add firefh Greafe in the Propoition aforesaid, or shall not immediately melt such Greafe in such Copper, Pan or Veffel, in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, all and every Maker and Makers of Soap so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever shall make or manufacture for Sale, or fell any Lees, Ley or Lye, fit or proper for the making or manufacture of Soap, or shall grind or pound for Sale any Barilla, or fell any ground or pounded Barilla exceeding Twenty eight Pound? Weight of. such Barilla at any one time ; and if any Penon or Perfons shall make or manufacture for Sale, or fell any Lees, Ley or Lye, fit or proper for the making or manufacture of Soap, or shall grind or pound for Sale any Barilla, or fell any ground or pounded Barilla exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight of such Barilla at any one time, every Perion to offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all such Lees, Ley and Lye, and ground or pounded Barilla respectively, shall be forfeited, together with all Veffels or Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

4 V. And Whereas, by a Claufe in an A6t of Parliament paffed

*	in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne*

4 among other things, for laying several Duties upon all Soap made 4 in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, reciting that it might 4 frequently happen that dale or rotten Soap, and also the Cuttings 4 of good Soap (for which the Duties by the said Aft should first 4 have been duly paid or charged), might be put again into the

*	Copper or Pan to be refreshed or made new, and the Soap newly

*	made from the fame, or from a Mixture of the fame with other

*	Ingredients, would be chargeable with a new Duty, by the faid

*	Aft, it was therefore provided and enacted, that in case such stale 4 or rotten Soap or Cuttings be put into the Copper or Pan, in dir 4 Prefence of an Officer for the said Duties, to be refine (bed or made 4 new as aforesaid, such Officer should from time to time make an 4 Allowance of the Duty of the^ stale or rotten Soap or Cuttings so 4 put in, and certify every such Allowance upon his Report to be 4 returned to the Head Officer 5 any thing therein contained to the 4 contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas, by an Aft made in the 4 Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 4 First, among other things, for more efteftual preventing Frauds 4 and Abufes in the Pubhc Revenues, it was enacted, that if any 4 stale or rotten Soap, or any Cuttings oh Soap, in order to the 4 refrefiling thereof, should, from and after the Twenty fourth Day 4 of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, be put into 4 any Making or Makings of Soap, unlefa of the Intention and 4 defigniug so to be put such stale or rotten Soap,-or Cuttings of 4 Soap, there should be or should have beep given, to the Officer

4 of

A.D. 1819.	59'	GEO.	IIL	C.90.	5(M|

t * * 4 of the Divifion or Place where such putting in was intended ta 4 be, such Notice in Writing as thereinafter was mentioned, and that 4 in every such Cafe and Cafes whatsoever, where such putting in 4 should be or should have been without such Notice, the Omcer

*	fhould not certify such putting in, or any Allowance for or in

*	refped thereof, nor should the Maker or Makers of Soap, in any 4 such Cafe or Cases, have or be entitled to have any Allowance 4 or Allowances whatsoever for or in respect of such putting in such 4 itale or rotten Soap, or of such Cuttings of Soap; and it was 4 further enacted, that if, from and after the said Twenty fourth 4 Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, any 4 Omcer or Officers of Excife, or for the said Duties on Soap, should 4 falsely pretend that he or they hath or have had due Notice in 4 Writing of such putting in of such stale or rotten Soap, or of 4 such Cuttings of Soap, in any Cafe and Cafes where and in which 4 he or they really and in fa& should not have had such due Notice 4 in Writing, and should make such Allowance and Allowances as 4 aforesaid, and should falsely certify the fame, every such Officer 4 and Officers, for every Pound Weight of such dale or rotten Soap 4 or Cuttings of Soap so falsely allowed or certified as aforesaid,

4 should forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Shillings; and every such 4 Maker or Makers of Soap who should demand, claim, have or 4 take any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of any such 4 Allowance so falsely made or certified by such Officer or Officers,

4 in every such Cafe and Cafes should forfeit and lose the Sum of 4 Ten Sniffings for every Pound Weight of such stale or rotten 4 Soap or Cuttings of Soap as should he claimed, demanded, had 4 or taken by such Maker or Makers of Soap, for and in reft>e&

4 of such Allowance so falsely made or certified for by such Officer 4 or Officers: And Whereas the laid last mentioned recited Pro-4 visions and Claufes have by a certain A61 of Parliament palled in

4 the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George $ G-J. c.43.

4 the Third, amongst other things, for the better fecuringana further §

4 Improvement of the Cuftoms, Excife, Inland and Salt Duties, been 4 repealed, so far only as the fame relates to Hard Soap and the 4 Makers thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the fame 4 altogether i* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of the said hereinbefore recited Provifions and Claufes of the said A&s of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said late 10 Ann. c. a5. Majesty Queen Anne, and of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of $**•

His said late Majesty King George the First, as still remains in force, ®‘.x* f*30, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; save and except-in all rapwtai Cafes relating to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said In the Re-Thirty first Day of July, when any Soap exceeding the Quantity of ““"“ISoftp Twenty eight Pounds Weight shall be removed or carried by Land or by Water, the Word 44 Soap” shall be painted or marked in Woni “ Soep*' large and legible Letters, of at least Two Inches in Length, on to be put on ewery Cheft, Basket, Box, Calk and Package, wherein such Soap the Package^ IHall be contained; and further, that when any Soap exceeding the

Quantity

$10

a 90.

59* GEO. Ilf.

A.D.1819.

Soap removed, Sec, in Package not so marked, forfeited with Package.

Having in Pos-

moving, &c. such Soap. „ Penalty iool.

Melters of Tallow, not being entered Candle Makers, to give Notice to Officer of Melting Places.

Officer to enter and take Account and Samples, Ac.

Mel ter using unentered Houses, &c.

Having Barilla, Ac, not being an entered Soap

Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight shall be removed or carried in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, by any Perfon not being a known and public or common Carrier of Goods and Merchandise from one Part of Great Britain to another, the Word “ Soap” shall be painted or marked in large and legible Letters of at least Three Inches in Length, on some conspicuous and uncovered Part of every such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage 5 and all Soap exceeding the Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight, which after the said Thirty first Day of July shall be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, in any * Cheft, Balket, Box, Calk or Package, not having the Word M Soap” painted or marked thereon in large and legible Letters of at lead Two Inches in Length, or which shall be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, by any Perfon not being a known and public or common Carrier of Goods and Merchandise from one Part of Great Britain to another, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having the Word “ Soap” painted or marked in large and legible Letters of at least Three Inches in Length, on some conspicuous and uncovered Part of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be forfeited, together with the Cheft, Balket, Box, Calk or other Package containing the fame, and the Boat or Veffel, Horse or Horfes, or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage made use of in the Removal or Carriage of the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon or Perfons in whole Cuftody or Poffeffion such Soap shall be found, or who shall be or shall have been employed or concerned in the Removal or Carriage thereof, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the (aid Thirty first Day of July, every Melter of Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, not being an entered Maker of Candles, shall give Notice in Writing at the Office of Excife of every House, Work-house, Room and Place made use of by him or them for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, within tne Compafs or Limits whereof such House, Workhouse, Room or Place respectively shall be lituate, before he, Ihe or they shall so make use of any such House, Workhouse, Room or Place ; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife to enter every House, Workhouse, Room and Place, entered or made use of by any Melter or Melters of Tallow, Fat or Grease, for the melting, rendering or keeping of Tallow, Fat, Greafe and Kitchen Stuff, or any or either of them, and to infpe& and Purvey and take an Account of all Tallow, Fat, Greafe and Kitchen Stuff, and other Materials, in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Melter or Melters thereof, and to take any Sample thereof respectively or of any Part thereof, not exceeding One Pound for each such Sample, paying for the fame at the current Value thereof; and if any Melter of Tallow* Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, shall make use of any House, Workhouse, Room or Place, for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, without having first made Entry of such House, Workhouse, Room and Place respectively, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs and Limits whereof the fame shall be situated 5 or if any such Perfon or Perfons, not being an entered Soap Maker or Makers, shall have in his, her or. their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Barilla, Kelp, Black Alhes or any Leys,

2	Ley

A.D. 1819.	59°	GEO. III.	C.	90.	511

Ley or Lye; or if any such Perfon or Perfons shall at any time Maker,«

obftrud or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in or from enter-

ing any House, Workhouse, Room or Place, entered or made use of meeTt

by any Melter or Melters of Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff,

for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or

Kitchen Stuff, or in or from inspecting, surveying or taking an

Account or Sample aforesaid, of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen

Stuff or other Materials, Barilla, Kelp, Black Allies, Lees, Ley or

Lye, in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Melter or Melters thereof,

such Melter or Melters and Perfon and Perfons respectively fo

offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the

Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Barilla, Kelp, Black Allies, Penalty 200!.

Lees, Ley or Lye, found in the Poffeffion of any such Perfon or and Barilla, &c.

Perfons, not being an entered Soap Maker or Makers, shall be for- forfeited.

feited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of

Excife.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Soap Makers Thirty first Day of July, all and every Maker and Makers of Soap to receive shall, upon demand, receive from the proper Officer of Excife a ^ininT *cler Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and tificateatobe Titles for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and to be kept by filled up and every such Maker of Soap in feme public and open Part of his, her sent out with or their entered Premifes ; and that from and after the said Thirty e>Tery first Day of July, no Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight shall be fold, sent out or delivered by any such Maker of Soap to ag any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, without being accompanied by a corresponding Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Entry made. Forms of such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Maker of Soap felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or feme Perfon or Perfons on his, her or their behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity, Quality, Sort or Kind of such Soap, to whom fold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been jpaid or secured to be paid thereon 5 and that the Maker of Soap felling, fending out, or delivering any Soap exceeding Twenty eigfc Pounds Weight as aforesaid, shall at the fame time make a cor-rnpondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid; and that such Book, with such Entries so made Books kept thereon as aforesaid, shall at all times from the Hour of Six of the °Penl7 00 Clock in the Morning until the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening, lie open and exposed in the entered Premifes of such Maker in^|>ectioii of Soap as aforesaid, to the Perufal of any Officer or Officers of Officer Excife, and shall be delivered and given up by such Maker of Soap as aforesaid to any Officer or Officers of Excife, upon demand; and if any Maker of Soap shall fell, fend out or deliver any Quantity Maker, &c. of Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight at any one time, offending, unaccompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, or without making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book or Books as aforesaid, or canoel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obftru& or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife , in infjpe&ing any such Book or Books, or any such Entry or Entries therein as* aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or resute, when required, to deliver or give up to any Officer or Officers fuch-Book

or

Penalty UmIl add Soap forfeited.

Aiding, &c. Penalty aocL

Officers may demand Inspection of Soap on its Removal, with Certificate accompanying it

Refuting or obstructing Officer.

Penalty 100L and Forfeiture of Soap, &c.

Specimens for recording Entries to be left on Premises of Traders or Manufacturers.

Removing them, or defacing Entries, or obstructing Officer from inspecting, &c.

C. 90.

59° GEO. III.

AJX1819.

qt Books as aforesaid, all and every such Maker of Soap so offending ilialk for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight removing or removed without being accompanied by a true and lawful Certificate, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or who shall be or shall have beat employed or concerned, or aiding or assisting therein, or in whole Cuftody the fame shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall at any time be found removing or attending and directing the Removal of any Soap from one Part of Great Britain to any other Part thereof, or shall have received any Soap so removed for Dale, shall, upon the Demand of any Officer or Officers of Excife, produce the fame, and such Certificate as aforesaid, to such Officer or Officers, to be by him or them examined and infyeCted, and to compare such Quantity and Quality of Soap with such Certificate accompanying or which accompanied the fame on such Removal ; and if any such Perfon or Perfons (halb refuse or negleCfc, upon such Demand, to produce any such Soap or Certificate as afbre-said, or to suffer and permit such InfpeCtion, Examination, and compare as aforesaid, or shall hinder or obftruCt any Officer or Officers of Excife therein, or in executing any of the Powers of this ACt, every such Perfon and Perfons shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and in every such Cafe all such Soap shall be forfeited, together with the Boat, Veffel, Cart, Waggon and other Carriage, Horse, Horfes and other Cattle conveying or removing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be . seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

4 X. And Whereas it is usual for the Officers of Excife to leave 4 on the Premifes of the Traders and Manufacturers under their 4 Survey, certain Books or Papers commonly called Specimen*, for 4 recording therein the Entries in the Books of such Officers of the 4 State of the Manufactory, and the Accounts and Particulars of 4 Survey taken by them from time to time at such Traders or Ma-4 nufaCturers: And Whereas such PraCtice has been found beneficial 4 to the Revenue, and it is expedient to prevent the Removal, Obli-4 teration or DeftruCtion of such Excife SpecimensBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this ACt, it shall and may be' lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife to leave and deposit in any House, Workhouse, Room or Place, entered or made use of by any Trader or Traders, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, under or subject to the Survey of any Officer or Officers of Excife, a certain Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, and at all times to have free Accefs to such Book or Paper as lad aforesaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons, not being an Excife Officer, shall remove, convey away or conceal any Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, or shall injure, damage or destroy the fame, or deface or obliterate any Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obftruCt or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in or from having free Accefs to, or in or from infpeCting any fuck Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, or in makng any Entry or Entries therein, or in removing or taking aw^y any such Book or Paper i

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 90.

513

as last aforesaid, as'to such Officer and Officers respectively shall seem meet, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	,

* XI. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Tenth Year of the 4 Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne% for, amongst other things, 4 laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper, and upon certain Silks,

Bnaky iccL xo Aim. e. <9.

574.

* Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or flamed, it was 4 enacted, that all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall print,

4 paint, (lain or dye a9 aforesaid any Silks, Calicoes, Linens or such 4 Stuffs as in the said Ad mentioned in Great Britain, shall from time 4 to time, within Six Weeks after he, (he or they shall make or ought 4 to have made such Entry as in the said Ad mentioned, clear off all 4 the said Duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such 4 Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs as shall have been printed, painted,

4 Stained or.dyed by him, her or them respectively as. aforesaid, upon 4 pain of forfeiting for every Default therein. Double the Sum of the 4 fame Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected; and that no 4 such Perfon, after such Default in Payment made, shall deliver or 4 carry out, or cause to be delivered or carried out, any such printed,

4 painted, (lained or dyed Goods, until he hath paid and cleared off his 4 Duty, on pain to forfeit Double the Value of the Goods so delivered 4 or carried out: And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable 4 for or in respect of printed, darned, painted or dyed Silks, Muffin,

4 Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, shall be cleared off and paid bp and at 4 the End of every Six Weeks }* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the (aid Aft as is hereinbefore recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that from and after the Thirty first Day of repeslsd.

July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all ana every Perfon Persons pnnt-and Perfons who shall print, paint, dain or dye any Silks, Muffin, ing* &c* Sil** Calicoes, Linen or Stuns, in Great Britain, shall by or at the End of f° cle*r *** every Six Weeks clear off and pay all the Duties which shall during six^eeh** such Six Weeks have been charged upon such Perfon or Perfons respectively, or shall then remain unpaid, for all such Silks, Muffin,

Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs respectively as shall have been printed, painted, (lained or dyed by him, her or them respectively, upon pain Penalty, of forfeiting, for every Default therein, Double the Sum of the said Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglested; and that no such Perfon, after making default of such Payment, shall deliver or carry out, or cause to be delivered or carried out, any such printed, painted,

(lained or dyed Goods, until he has paid and cleared off the whole of such Duties, upon pain of forfeiting Double the Value of the Goods Penalty.

(b delivered or carried out.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery and Forfeitures hereby imposed, and not otherwise directed by this Aft,

shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in aiiy of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

59 Geo. III.	L	1

Delivering without clearing Duties.

XIII. And

514	C.90, 91.	59* GEO. Ilf.	A.D. 1819.

Powers of . XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and erery the Powers, i* C. 2. c. 24. Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, to Ex- which *n by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of •be, extended" His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for to this Act. taking divay tie Courts of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majeffy’s Revenue of Excife, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, cdlesting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted or arty of them, other than in such Cales for which other Penalties or Provifions are made and prescribed by this Aft, shall be praft&d, used and put in execution in and for the Purpofes of this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this present Aft.

58 O.3. c. 91.

c. 81. sate.

When it shall appear that the Directions of a Court of Equity art) requisite, Commissioners may certify the Particulars to Attorney General, who may apply summarily, or commence a Suit in the Court of Chaneery, or Court of Exchequer, &c.

CAP. XCI.

An Aft for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity, regarding the Management of Eftates or Funds belonging to Charities.	[12th	July	1819.3

WftEREAS an Aft was pafTed in the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS for appointing Commissioners to enquire concerning Charities in England for toe Education of the Poor; and certain Commissioners were appointed for the Execution of the said Aft: And Whereas an Aft hath pafTed in the present Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to amend an Adt of the lajl Seffion of Parliament for appointing Commissioners to enquire concerting Chanties in England, for toe Education of the Poor, and to extend toe Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales, whereby the Numbers and Powers of the Commissioners were extended: And Whereas it is expedient that additional Facilities should be afforded for Applications to the Courts of Equity regarding the Manage* ment of Eftates or Funds appropriated to Charitable PurpofesBe therefore enacted by The king’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever, upon any Examination or Inveftigation taken or had by and before the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the before mentioned Afts, any Cafe mall arise or happen in which it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Direftions or Orders of a Court of Equity are requisite for the remedying of any Negleft, Breach of Trust, Fraud, Abufe or Mifconduft in the Management of any Truft created for any Charitable Purpofes as aforesaid, or of the Eftates or Funds thereto belonging, or for the regulating the Admmiftration of any such Trust, or of the Eftates or Funds thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, if they shall tiiiwV fit, to certify the Particulars of such Cafe in Writing under their Hands to His Majefty’s Attorney General, and thereupon it shall he lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General, if he (hafl so think fit, either by a summary Application in the Nature of a Petition, or hy

Information.

A.D.1819.

59° GEO- III.

0-91.

515

Information, as the Cafe may require, to apply to or commence a Suit in His Majefty's High Court of Chaneery, or to or in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer fitting as a Court of Equity, stating and setting forth the NegleA, Breach of Tryft, Fraud, Abufe or Mifcondu A, or other Caule of Complaint or Application, and praying such Relief as the Nature of the Cafe may require; and when such Petition or Suit is instituted in the said Court ot Exchequer, it shall he lawful for that Court to proceed in the hearing and deciding of the fame, according to the due Courfe of the said Court; and any Order or Decree of tne fame Court in such Proceeding shall be final and conclufire to all Intents and Purpofea whatsoever, unless the Party or Parties who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby (Hall within One Year after the time when such Order or Decree shall have been made and entered by the proper Officer, prefer an Appeal from such Order or Decree to the House of Lords; and when such Petition or Suit is presented or commenced in the said High Court of Chaneery, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great . Seal, and they are hereby required, to order and direA such Petition or Suit to be heard ana determined either before the Mafter of the Rolls' or Vice Chancellor, as to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall seem meet; and thereupon the Mafter of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor shall proceed to hear and to rehear, if to him it shall appear necefTary, and to determine the fame; and all Decrees, Orders and AAs of the Mafter of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor made and done therein, shall be deemed and taken to be refpeAively Decrees, Orders and AAs of the said Court of Chaneery, and be executed accordingly, fubieA nevertheless in every Cafe to be reversed, discharged or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being; and no such Decree or Order shall be enrolied, until the fame be signed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being'll. And be it further enaAed, That when any Appeal shall be made to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, from any Order or Decree of the Mafter of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor, made in any Matter aforesaid, the Decree or Order which shall be made on such Appeal by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall be final and conelusive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; and no Appeal from such Decree or Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, to tne House of Lords, shall be allowed or entertained.

III. And be it further enaAed, That no Petition or Information presented, filed or prosecuted under this A A, nor any Anfwer thereto; nor any Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits or Proceedings, nor any Order or Decree upon the fame, or in relation thereto; nor any Copies of any such Petition, Information, Anfwer, Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits, Order or Decree, nor of any other Proceedings whatsoever under this AA, shall be fubjeA or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever.

XV• And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon summoned to appear before any Two or more of the said Commissioners shall wilfully omit or refuse to appear before such Commissioners, or to

L 1 2	bring

Limitation of Appeal from Order or Decree therein.

Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor may bear such Petition, &c.

No Appeal from Decree of Lord Chancellor, &c. upon Appeal.

Proceedings not subject to Stamp Duty.

Persons refusing to appear before Commh'-sioners, or to produce Deeds,

516

C.91.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

or refuting to answer Questions upon Oath, See. (Exception) liable to be fined by Court of King's Bench or Exchequer.

How Payment , of Fine enforced.

Where Regulations of Charity are in* sufficient for a due Administration of the Funds, Trustees may apply by Petition to Chancery or Exchequer sitting in Equity for Relief.

Limitation cf Appeal.

bring or to produce any Deed, Paper or Writing, Inftrument or other Document, in his, her or their Pofleflion, Cuftody or Power, and which he, {he or they shall be required by the Precept of such Commiflioner8 to produce, relating wholly to the Eftates or Funds which shall be the Subjeft of Inquiry before such Commiflionerg, or to the Receipt or Application, or Nonapplication or Mifapplication thereof, or to the State of the Schools or Charities which shall be the Subjeft of Inquiry before such Commiflioners, or the true Copy of any Part or Parts ofianyDeed, Paper, Writing or other Inftrument, (and which Copy any Two of such Commiflioners are hereby empowered to require by such Precept,) or shall refuse to be sworn, or being a Quaker to amrm, or being (worn, or being a Quaker haring affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and before the said Commiflioners, or any Two of them, or to answer fully any lawful Queftion on Oath or Affirmation touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to such Eftates or Funds as aforesaid, or to the State of such Schools or Charities as aforesaid (except in Cafes excepted by the said first recited A A), every such Perfon so refilling to comply with any such lawful Reauifitions of the said Commiflioners, shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine to His Majesty, as the Court of King’s Bench or the Court of the Exchequer, on Application made by or on the behalf of the said Commiflioners, or any Two of them, or by His Majefty’s Attorney General for the time being, shall think fit to fet and impose, which Fine the said Court of King’s Bench or Court of Exchequer is hereby authorised and empowered to fet and impose according to their Difcretion respectively, and to enforce Payment of the fame by Attachment or otherwise, in such manner as the said Courts refpeft-ively may do in Cafes of Contempt of the fame Courts.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Trufteesof any Free School, Hofpitalor other Charitable Inftitution or Donation within the Provifions of this Aft, that the Statutes or Regulations thereof are insufficient for the secure and due Admi-niftration of the Funds thereto belonging, it shall be lawful for such Numbers of them as are by the said Statutes or Regulations empowered to do any Aft, by and with the Confent of any Five or more of the said Commiflioners, to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners of the Great Seal, or to the Court of Exchequer fitting as a Court of Equity, praying such Relief as the Nature of the Cafe may require; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commiflioners of the Great Seal, and the said Court of Exchequer, are hereby authorised and empowered to give such Direftions, and to make such Order touching the Matter of the said Application, as to them respectively shall seem fit; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, unless the Party or Parties who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby shall, within Two Years after the time when such Order shall have been made and entered by the proper Officer, prefer an Appeal from such Order to the House of Lords, to whom it is hereby enacted and declared that an Appeal shall lie from such Order.

CAP.

A.D. 1819.

59® GEO. III. .

C. 92.

517

CAP. XCII.

An A St to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are \ to make Provifion for the Execution of Warrants of Diftrefs granted by them \ and to authorife

*	them to impose Fines upon Conftables and other Officers

for Negledl of Duty, and on Matters for 111 Ufage of their Apprentices.	[lath	July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Administration of Juftice in Ireland is fire- "

4 W quently obstructed for want of resident Justices of the Peace,,

4 and might be much furthered in case the Jultices acting for Two 4 or more adjoining Counties were enabled to ad for the fame, if 4 personally present in either of those in which they ad, as they

*	are by Law enabled to do in Great Britain:9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and. Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad it Shall and Justice of the may be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, aCting as such 1Pe*fe in Ire~ for any Two or more Counties, being adjoining Counties, in Ireland,, f*r acSSnimr to act as a Juftice or Justices of the Peace in all Matters and Things Counties, pro. whatsoever concerning or. in anywise relating to any or either of the Tided they41* said Counties; and that all ana every Ad and Ads of such Juftice resident in one or Justices of the Peace, and the Ad and Ads of any Constable or ofthem* other Officer in obedience thereto, Shall be as valid, good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofea whatsoever, as if such Ad or Ads of the said Juftice or Justices had been done in the County or Counties to which such Ad or ACts more particularly relate; and all Conftables and other Officers of the said County or Constables, Ac.

- .Counties, to which such Ad or Ads relate, are hereby autborifed ob«y wstand required to Obey the Warrants, Orders, Diredions, Ad and Ads of such Juftice or Justices so granted, given and done, and to do and perform their several Offices and Duties, under the Pains and Penalties to which any Constable or other Officer may be liable for a Negled of Duty: Provided always, that such Juftice or Justices be personally resident in One of the laid Counties at the time of doing such Ad or Ads: Provided also, that the Warrants, Orders or Manner of Diredions, so to be given and granted, be directed and given in the directing War-firft Inftance to the Constable or other Officer of the County to which the fame more particularly relate.

II.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of Constables, &c# this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or. other Peace “”7 Officer in Irelands or for any other Perfon or Perfons apprehending or taking into custody any Perfon or Perfons offending against Law, tices,*and other-and whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take into wise act as if custody, by virtue of his or their Office or Offices, or otherwise Justice were howsoever, to convey and take the Perfon or Perfons so apprehended *e«dent within or taken into custody as aforesaid, to any Juftice or Justices of the C°unty* Peace acting for the said County, and present in such adjoining Oounty as aforesaid; and the said Conftables and other Peace Officers,

.and all and every other Perfon or Perfons, are hereby authorised, empowered and required in all such Cafes so to ad in all things as if

LIS	the

518-

C. 92.

. 59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Obstructing Constables, &c.

Penalty.

Sheriffs, &c. may convey Offenders through adjoining Counties.

Escaping or aiding Escape.

Penalty.

Justices for Counties at large may act within any adjoining City being a County of itself.

Proviso as to Matters arising within the nsme City#

the said Juftice or Justices of the Peace was or were resident within the said County to which they respectively belong; and all and every Perfon or Perfons obstructing or hindering the said Conftable* or other Peace Officers in the Execution of their respective Offices in the said County or Counties adjoining at aforesaid, shall be and are hereby made liable to the fame Pams and Penalties for such Ob-ftru&ion and Hindrance of the said Officers in the Execution of their respective Offices, as if the fame had been committed in the County for which the said Conftables or other Peace Officers were appointed to ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the paffing

of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Sheriff in Ireland* and for any Perfon or Perfons deputed by him, or acting under his Authority, and for any Constable or other Peace Officer in Ireland, or any other Perfon or Perfons lawfully taken into or having in his or their Cuftody respectively, any Perfon or Perfons offending against Law, and whom he or they may or might lawfully convey to Gaol, or any Place of safe Cuftody, to convey or take the said Perfon or Perfons so in custody as aforesaid, into and through any Part or Parts of the said County or Counties so adjoining, in their Way to such Gaol or Place of safe Cuftody within the County wherein such Offence was done of committed; and all and every Perfon or Perfons escaping from such Cuftody as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting such Efcape or Escapes, or refeumg such Perfon or Penons so in custody as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties for such Efcape or Escapes, and for such Aid and Affiftance so given as afore* said, and for such Refcue and Refcues, as if the said Efcape or Efcapes had happened, or such Aid and Affiftance had been given, or such Refcue or Refcues had been made, in the County wherein such Offence was done or committed.	'

IV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this 'Aft it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice or Jufhces of the Peace ft&ing for any County at large in Ireland, to ad as such at any Place within any City or Town being a County of itself, and (ituate within, surrounded by, or adjoining to any such County at large; and that all and every such Ad and Ads, Matters and Things done by such Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the said County at large, within such City or Town, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law as if the fame had been done within the said County at large, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to give Power to the Justices of the Peace for any County at large, not being Justices for such City or Town, or any Constable or other Officer acting under them, to ad or intermeddle in any Matters or Tiring* arising within any such City or Town, in any manner whatsoever.

‘ V. And Wnereas it is expedient to give such and the like Powers

*	to Justices of the Peace in Ireland, to impose Fines upon Conftable*

*	and other Peace and Parifh Officers within their respective Jurif-4 didions, for Negled of Duty in their respective Offices, or far 4 Difobedience of the Warrants or Orders of such Justices, and adfb 4 to impose Fines upon Matters of Apprentices for 111 Ufage of their

*	Apprentices, and also to make such rroviiion for the Execution of 4 Warrants of Diftrefs granted by justices, as are by Law given and

*	made in Great BritainBe it therefore enacted. That from and

after

4

AJX181&

59° GEO, III

C.92.

519

after the passing of this Aft it Audi and may be lawful for any Tw6 Justices in.

or more of His Majefty’s Jufticet of the Peace in Ireland* assembled ®P«<;»lor Petty

at any Special or Petty Seffions of the Peace, upon Complaint being

made iroon Oath before them of any Negleft of Duty, or of any

Difobedjence of any lawful Warrant or Order of any Juftice or bles, Ac. for

Juftice* of the Peace, by any Constable or other Peace or Parifh Neglect of

Officer, or upon Comphunt made to such Two or more Jufticea upon Duty» on

Oath by or on the behalf of any Apprentice to any Trade or

Bufinefs whatsoever, whether bound Apprentice by any Parifh or Apprentices

Town ship or otherwise (provided that not more than the Sum of haring paid

Ten Pounds be paid upon the binding of such Apprentice), against icL or under.

his or her Mafter or Miftrefs of any 111 Ufage of such Apprentice

by such Mafter or Miftrefs (fuch Constable or other Officer, Mafter

or Miftrefs having been duly summoned to appear and answer fuch

Charge or Complaint), to lmpofe upon Convi&ion any reasonable

Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, upon fuch

Constable or other Officer, Mafter or Miftrefs respectively, as a

Punifoment for such Difobedience, Neglect of Duty or IU Usage,

and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of

such Justices assembled at any Special or Petty Seffions as aforesaid,

to dwelt such Fine or Fines, if not paid, to be levied by Diftrefs Levied by

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons so Distress.

offending, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducing the

Amount of such Fine or Fines, ana the Cnarges of such Diftrefs

and Sale, to such Offender or Offenders; and such Fine or Fines Application o£

which may be imposed upon any such Constable or other Officer as Fines.

aforesaid, shall be applied and dilpofcd of for the Relief of the Poor

of the Parifh, Townfoxp or Place where the Offenders shall refpe&ively

reside, at the Difcretion of the Justices imposing the fame; and fucn

Fine or Fines which may be imposed upon any such Mafter or Miftrefs

shall, at the Difcretion of the Juftice imposing the fame, be either fo

applied and disposed of as aforesaid, or be otherwiie paid and applied

to or for the Ufe and Benefit of such Apprentice, for or towards a

Recompence or Compenfation for the Injury which may have been

by him or her sustained by reason of such 111 usage as aforesaid ; and

if any Perfon shall be aggrieved, by the Impofitioa of such Fine or. App**l.

Fines as aforesaid, or by any Order or Warrant of Diftrefs for railing and levying the fame, or by the Judgment or Determination of the said Justices, or by any Alt to be done in the Execution of such Warrant of Distress, fucn Perfon or Perfons so aggrieved (hall	*

and may appeal to the next General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the County, County of a City or County of a Town,, within which such Perfon shall reside; of which Appeal Ten Days Notice at the Waft shall be given; and for want of such Diftrefs WantofDis-fuch- Perfon or Perfons shall be committed to the House of Correction' tress, Imprison-for any Space of time not exceeding Ten Days.	mnU

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Perfon Proviso for a£hing under any such Warrant of Diftrefs as aforesaid, shall be Irregularity deemed a Trefpaffer at initio by reason of any Irregularity or IVoceed-Informality in such Warrant, or in any Proceedings thereon ; but any “S* &c* Perfon aggrievedby the iffumg or Execution of Tuch Warrant, may recover the (jpecial Damages thereby by him or her sustained in an Adion of Trefpafs or on the Cafe, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Ireland’•

LI 4

VII. And

520

5.9° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

C. 92, 93.

In what Cate Distress may be levied in Places out of Jurisdiction of Justice granting Warrant.

How Money arising by DU-i applied.

Justices in-doning Warrants of Distress, not an* swerable for Irregularity in granting them.

4 VII. And Whereas Warrants of Diftrefs granted by Jnftices

•	of the Peace are in many Inftances ineffectual, by reason of the

•	Goods and Chattels of the Perfons against whom such Warrants

•	are granted, being out of the Jurifdidion of the Juffice granting 4 the fameBe it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where any Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money may, by the Warrant of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace in Ireland, be directed to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons, if sufficient Diftrefs cannot be found within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the Juftice granting such Warrant of Distress, on Oath thereof made by One Witnefs, before any Juftice of the Peace of any other County, County of a City or Town, Town Corporate or Place (which Oath shall be by him certified by Indorfement on such Warrant), such Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money, or so much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such Warrant or Indorfement, be railed and levied by the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Warrant of Diftrefs shall have been originally directed, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Perfon or Perfons in such other County, County of a City or Town, Town Corporate or Place; and the Money anting by such Diftrefs and Sale shall be applied and disposed of for such Purpofes and in like Manner as it sufficient Goods and Chattels of fucn Perfon or Perfons had been found within the Jurifdidion of the Magiftrate originally granting such Warrant; and if no such Diftrefs can be found, such Offender or Offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded against according to Law: Provided always, that no Juftice, who shall indorse any Certificate upon or authorise the Execution of any such Warrant of Distress, which may not have been granted within his Jurifdidion, shall be answerable or accountable for any Irregularity which may have been committed or done in or about the obtaining or granting of such Warrant of Diftrefs.

CAP. XCIII.

An AGt to continue for One Tear, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, an Ad, made in the Fifty sixth Tear of His present Majefly's Reign, to make Provifion for securing the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.	[l2th July 1819.3

G.	3. e. ns. 4 \\T HERE AS an Ad was made in the Fifty sixth Tear of the

•	W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to make

•	Provifion for securing for a time to be limitedj the Profits of the 4 Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefiy’s Court of Exchequer m 4 Ireland, which was to continue in force for Two Years from the 4 passing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next 4 Seffion of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Ad fhonld 4 be continued for a further timeBe it therefore enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Ad shall be and the fame is hereby continued, and fhall

be

continued.

A.D.181&

5SP GEO. Ill

C. 93, 94

521

be and remain in force from the End of this present Seffion of Parliament for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

II.	And be it further enacted, That die laid recited A€t and Acts amended, this Adi may be amended, altered or repealed by any Adk to be &c.. this Session, palled in this present Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.* XCIV.

An Adi to explain and amend Two Adis, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majessy, concerning the Difpofuion of certain Real and Perfonal Property of His Majessy, His Heirs and SuccefTors.

[lath July 1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Adi passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 39 ft 40 0.3.

4 W Years of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An c*

*	AS concerning the Difiojttion of certain Real and Perfonal Pro-

4	Majessy,	Hie Heirs and Succejfors, and also of the Real

4 and Perfonal Property of Her Majessy, and of the Queen Confort

4 fir the time being: Ana Whereas an A dl passed in the Forty 47 G.3. e.14. 4 seventh Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An AS 4 fir explaining and amending an AS passed in the Thirty ninth and 4 Fortieth Tear of His present Majessy, concerning the Difbojition of 4 certain Real ana Perfonal Property of His Majessy, His Heirs and 4 Succejfors, and also of the Real and Perfonal Property of Her 4 Majessy, and of the Queen Confort for the time being: And Whereas 51.

4 it was in the said la it recited Adi enacted, that in all cases in 4 which His Majessy, His Heirs and SuccefTors, had or should in 4 right of His Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancaster, become entitled 4 to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments, either by Efcheat for want of Heirs, or 4 by reason of any Forfeiture, or by reason that the fame had been 4 purchased by or for the Ufe 01 or in trust for any Alien or 4 Aliens, it should be lawful for His Majessy, His Heirs and Suc-4 ceffors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, or under 4 the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, according 4 to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, Mefluages, Lands,

4 Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution 4 of any Trufts or Purpofes to which the fame might have been 4 directed to be applied, and to make Grants of such Manors,

4 Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Rents 4 or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majesty in respect thereof,

4 respectively, to any Truftee or Trustees or otherwise, for the 4 Execution of any such Trufts or Purposes, or to any Perfon or 4 Perfons for the purpose of restoring the fame to any of the Family 4 of the Perfon or Perfons whose Effates the fame have been, or of 4 carrying into Effedl any intended Grant, Conveyance or Devife of

*	any such Perfon or Perfons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any 4 Perfon or Perfons making Difcovery of any such Efcheat, or of 4 His Majefty's Right and Title thereto, as to His Majessy, His

*	Heirs or Succeflors respectively, should seem fit s And Whereas 4 Doubts have arisen in certain Cafes of Grants by His ^Majefly 4 under the said recited Adis ; and it is expedient that those Doubts 4 should be removed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Pro-

4 vifion

522

C. 94.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

His Majesty may direct the Execution of Trusts of Lands escheated,

and may grant same to Trustees for that Purpose, or for the other Purposes herein 9ed6ed;

or to a Trustee to sell.

Application of Bents and Purchase Monies.

*	vifion of the (aid recited Aft should be enlarged and extended, c for the pnrpofe of enabling His Majesty to make Grants in certain

*	other Cafes Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft £&cd-lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ppefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all Cafes in which His Majesty, His Heirs or Sacceflors, hath or shall, in right of His Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancaster, become entitled to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, either by Efcheat for want of Heirs, or by reason of any Forfeiture, or by reason that the fame have been or shall be purchased by or for the Ufe of or in trust: for any Alien or Aliens, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, or under the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of LancaJUr% according to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution of any Trufts or Purpofes to which the fame may have been directed to be applied, and to make Grants of such Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts thereof, or of any Rents or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any Tmftee or Trustees or otherwise, for the Execution of any such Trufts or Purposes, or to any Perfon or Perfons, for the pnrpofe of restoring the fame to any of the Family of the Perfon or rerions whose Eft ate 8 the fame had been, or of carrying into Effeft any intended Grant, Conveyance or Devife of any such Perfon or Perfons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Family, making discovery of any such Efcheat, or of His Majefty’s Right and Title thereto, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, shall seem fit, or to make any Grant or Grants of such Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Perfon or Per-fonB, or his, her or their Family, making such Difcovenr as afbre-said, or being of the Family or considered or adopted as Part of the Family of any Alien or Aliens, or to any Perfon or Perfons whose Eftate or Property the fame Hereditaments have been, or being of the Family or considered or adopted as Part of the Family of any such last mentioned Perfon or Perfons, and his or their Heirs and Afligns, unconditionally, or in consideration of Money to be paid either at or before the Execution of such Grant or Grants, or at any time or times subsequent thereto, and to such Perfon or Perfons as His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, shall be pleased to direct, and such Money, if not paid at the Execution of such Grant or Grants, to be a Charge upon the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so granted, and to be fecuied by way of Mortgage or Trust, or in any other manner, as His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, shall think proper or be advised, and such Money to be applied for any of the Purpofes of this Aft 5 or to make any Grant or Grants of such Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, unto any Truftee or Trustees, his or their Heirs and Afligns, in trust to be fold in such manner as His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, (haD be pleased to direct; and that it (nail be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to direct the Rents and Profits of any

fuch

A.D.18J9.

59* GEO. III.

C. 94.

£23

such Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Money to arise by any Sale or Sales, or to be produced by any of the Means aforesaid, to be applied in Payment of any Coils, Charges and Expences incident to any Commifiion or Com-miflions for finding the Title of His Majesty, and to the making of any such Grant, and for carrying the fame or any Trufts or Provifions thereof into Execution, or in rewarding any Perfon or Perfons, or the Family of any Perfon or Perfons, making a Dif*» covery of any such Efcheat, Forfeiture or Purchafe by an Alien, or of His Majefly’s Right and Title thereto, or in discharging the whole or any Part of any Debt or Debts due from any Alien, or any Perfon or Perfons whose Eflate or Property any such Manors,

MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or for the Ufe and Benefit, in whole or in part, of any such Alien, or of his or her Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Perfon or Per-, fons adopted or considered by such Alien as Part of his or her Familv, or of any Perfon or Perfons whose Eflate or Property any such Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or his or their Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Perfon or Perfons adopted or conudered by such Perfon or Perfons as Part of his or her Family, or for all or any of the Purpofes aforesaid, as to His Majessy, His Heirs or Succeffors respectively, shall seem fit; and all Grants heretofore made by His Majesty, which would, under Former Grants the Provifions of this A&, be good, valid and effectual, shall be and are hereby confirmed, and are hereby declared to be as good, valid con*nne<1, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame bad been made under the Powers, Provifions and Authorities of this A61, and as if such Powers, Provifions and Authorities had been in full force and effe6t at the time of making such Grants ; any thing in the laid recited A As, or any other A& heretofore made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Purchafer or Purchafers Purchasers not of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fold under the awwerahie for Authority of this A61, or any Perfon or Perfons paying any Sum

or Sums of Money under the Authority of the lame, or in pur-fuance of any Grants to be made by virtue thereof, shall not be bound to fee to the Application or be answerable for the Mif-application or Nonapplication of the Monies paid by them re-fpedlively.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That ii^ every Surplus paid to Cafe where any Surplus shall remain of any Monies which may arise Commissioner* from any such Sale or Sales, or which shall be paid under the of hand Authority of this Aft, by any Perfon or Perfons, after Satisfying all

such Purpofes as shall nave been ordered and dire6led by His Majesty, I lis Heirs or SuccefTors, under the Provifions of this A61, shall be paid to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue for the time being, to be applied by them in the fame Way and Manner as the Money arising from the Sale of any Manors, Mefluages,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, is by the several A6ls now in force for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or any of them, directed to be applied and disposed of.

C A Pi

524.

C. 95, 96.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Separation Of Towns from Parishes and distinpt Appointment of Overseers lawful.

43 Elis. c. %.

Proviso where Such Separation has commenced within 6o Yearn.

CAP. XCV.

An A£t for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parifhes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor.	[i2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS various Towns Corporate or Franchifes situate within one or more Parifh or Parifhes, and not co-extenfive with the said Parifh or Parifhes, have heretofore and for a long time past been separately assessed from the Parifh or Parifhes'in which they are situate for the Relief of the Poor, and Overseers of the Poor for such Town or Franchife have been appointed diltind and apart from the Overseers of the Poor appointed for such Parifh or Parifhes.: And Whereas such separate and distinct Afleffments and Appointments of Overseers have, in many Cases, been made without sufficient Authority, andyet, by reason of the long Continuance of the said Separation, the Towns Corporate or Franchife cannot now be reunited to the Parifh or Parifhes in which they are situate without manifest Inconvenience and Hardfliip :* Be it enacted by The King’8 Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A61 all such Separation of Towns Corporate or Franchifes from the Parifh or Parifhes in which they are situate, together with the separate and distinct Appointment of Overseers of the Poor, shall be deemed and taken to be lawful to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, in the fame manner as if the said Separation or Divifion had taken place under the Authority of an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen EU%abethy intituled An A& for the Relief of the Poor; Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Ad contained shall render legal or confirm any Separation of a Town Corporate or Franchife from the Parifh or Parifhes in which such Town Corporate or Franchife is situate, in respect to the Maintenance of the Poor or the Appointment of Overleers of the Poor, in any Cafe where it shall appear that such Separation has commenced within Sixty Years before the palling of this Ad.

CAP. XCVI.

An Ad to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on Stage Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other such Carriages; and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties.

[12th July 1819O

•	YYfHEREAS Felonies are frequently committed on Stage

•	VV Coaches, Stage Waggons, Stage Carts, and other fuch

•	Carriages, employed carrying and conveying Goods, Wares and

•	Merchandise, travelling on the several Highways in various Parts

•	of the United Kingdom, as well by breaking open the Calks and 1 Packages containing such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, as in

•	various other Ways: And Whereas such Felonies frequently 4 remain undeteded until the Arrival of such Carriages at the Place 4 of their Dellination, and in consequence of such Highways leading 4 through several Counties, it can seldom be known within what.

4 County

AJX 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.96.

525

*	County such Felonies may have been actually committed, and

*	Offenders frequently escape unpunished from Defeat of Proof that 4 the Felony with which they are charged was actually committed

*	within the County in which such Offenders may be indicted For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

3>iritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament enabled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in any Indiftment for any Felony committed on any Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other such Carriage whatever, employed or uled in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandise, or in which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be, in or upon any Highway in any Paul of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be Sufficient to allege that such Felony was committed within any County or City through any Part whereof such Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other such Carriage shall nave passed in the Courfe of the Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and in all Cafes where any Highway shall form the Boundary of any Two Counties, it shall be sufficient to aliege, that such Felony committed as aforesaid was committed in either of the said Counties through which or any Part whereof such Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other such Carriage shall have passed in the Courie of the Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and every such Felony shall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County or City within which the fame Felony shall be so alleged to have been committed; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall be convicted of any such Felony so to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Perfon or Perfons convicted of such Felony would have been subject and. liable to, in case such Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in which the fame Felony was actually committed; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in anywife> notwith flan ding.

‘II. And Whereas Felonies are sometimes committed on or so 4 close to the Boundaries of Two or more Counties, that the 4 Offenders escape unpunished from the Defeft of Proof, that the 4 Felony with which they are charged was actually committed within 4 the County in which such Offenders may be indiftedBe it therefore enacted. That from and after the passing of this Aft, in any Indiftment for any Felony committed on the Boundary or Boundaries of Two or more Counties, or within the Diftance of Five hundred Yards of any such Boundary or Boundaries, it shall be sufficient to allege that such Felony was committed in either or any of the said Counties; and every such Felony shall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County within which the fame Felony shall be To alleged to have been committed; and all. and every Perfon and Perfons who shall be convicted of any such Felony so to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforefaia, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Perfon or Perfons so convicted of such Felony would have been subject and liable to, in case such Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in

which

Indictments for Felonies committed on Stage Coaches, &c. how to be laid.

Where Felony may be tried.

How Indictments shall be laid for Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties;

and where Felony may be tried.

526

C.96, 97.	5&	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	1819.

which the fame Felony was actually committed | any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith (landing.

CAP. XCV1I.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Seas, to the Trial of Offences committed in Africa against the Laws for abolilhiog the Slave Trade.

[i 2th July 1819.]

46 0.3. * 54.	«	TTTHEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of

4 W His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the more Jpetdy 4 Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Seas, it is enafted

*	that all Treasons, Piracies, Feionics, Robberies, Mureters, Con-4 fpiracies and other Offences of what Nature or Kind soever,

4 committed upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek or Place

*	where the Admirals or Admiral nave Power, Authority or Jurif-4 diction, may be inquired of, * heard, determined and adjudged

*	according to the Common Courfe of the Laws of this Realm 4 used for Offences committed upon the Land within this Realm,

*	and not otherwise, in any of His Majefty’s Istands, Plantations,

*	Coionics, Dominions, Forts or Fastories, under and by virtue

*	of the King’s Commiffion or Commissioners under the Great Seal of

*	Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four or more difereet

*	Perfons as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper

*	or Commissioners for the Cuflody of the Great Seal of Great 4 Britain for the time being, shall from time to time think fit to 4 appoint; and that the said Commissioners or any Three of them 4 shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Trial 4 of all such Mureters, Treasons, Piracies, Feionics, Confpiracies and 4 other Offences, within any such Istands, Plantations, Coionics,

4 Dominions, Forts or Fastories, as any Commissioners appointed or 4 to be appointed according to the Directions of the Statute of 4 the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth,

4 by any Law or Laws now in force, have or would have for the 4 Trial of the said Offences within this Realm: And Whereas by

5*	3' r 4 an Aft ^nade in the Fifty first Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

*	4 intituled An A3 for rendering more effeSual an A3 made in the Forty

4 seventh Tear of His Mayeftfs Reign, intituled 4 An A3 for the 4 Abolition of the Slave Tradethe carrying away or removing from 4 any Part of Africa of any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever as a Slave 4 or Slaves, and the wilfully (hipping, embarking, receiving, detain-4 ing or confining on board any Ship, yeffel or Boat, any Perfon or 4 Perfons for the purpose of his or their being so carried away or 4 removed, and divers other Offences againthat Aft and other 4 Aft8 for abolishing the Slave Trade, are declared respectively to 4 be Felonies and Mifdemeanors, and the Offenders, their Aiders 4 and Abettors, are respectively made liable to such Pains, Penalties 4 and Forfeitures, as are therein mentioned and provided \ but the 4 Provifions thereby made for the Trial of such Felonies and Mif-4 demeanors, when committed by British Subjefts in Africa, have 4 been found to be inconvenient and ineffectual: And Whereas by

4 an

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 97, 98.

527

an Ad ihade in the Fifty eighth Year of H» Majefty’s Reign, 58 G.j. c.98.

intituled An Ad to explain and amend an Ad faffed m the Fifty firft

Tear of HU Majefty9j Reign, for rendering more ejffedual an Ad made

in the Forty seventh Year of HU Majefty* s Reign, for the Abolition of

the Slave Trade, tt is enacted, that all Offences declared by the faid

A& of the Fifty first Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be Felonies

or Mifdemeanors, committed or which shall be committed on the

4 High Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the 4 Admiral has Jurifdidion, may be inquired of, tried and determined 4 under and by virtue of any Commimon already issued, or hereafter 4 to be issued, according to the Diredions of the said recited 4 Ad of the Forty sixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign: And 4 Whereas Offences which by the said recited A61 of the Fifty 4 first Year of His Majefty’s Reign, are declared to be Felonies or 4 Mifdemeanors, have been or may be committed by Bfvtijh Subjeds 4 in Africa, either on Shore or in Rivers, or other Places where the 4 Admiral has no Jurifdidion, and it may be impolfible in such 4 Cafes to bring the Offenders to Juftice under any of the said recited 4 A618, or any other Laws now in being, without great "incon-4 venience, Expence and Delay Be it therefore enacted by The Offences de-King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and clared by Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Misdemeanors!* fame. That each and every Offence declared by. the said A61 of commifedby the Fifty first Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be a Felony or Mif- any ofHis demeanor, committed or which shall be committed by any Subje61 Majesty’s Sub-or Subjeds of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in Africa, or in any of the Rivers, Ports or Harbours thereof, not being a Jh«

Place where the Admiral has Jurifdi6lion, and not being within of m Admiral,

the Local Jurifdi61ion of any Ordinary Court of a Britifb Colony or &c* may be

Settlement in Africa competent to try such Offence, may be inquired tried by C001-

of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commiflion

already issued, or hereafter to be issued, according to the Dire61ions c J 4	*

of the said recited A61 of the Forty sixth Year of His Majefty*8

Reign.

CAP. XCVIII.

An A61 to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the several A€ts for imposing Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland, in respect of Offences relating to the unlawful Diftil-lation of Spirits; and to amend the said A61s; and to provide for the more effectual Prevention or Suppreflion of such Offences.	[iath	July	1819.]

4 ^TXTHEREAS it is expedient that the Continuance of the 4 W V Operation of the several Ads for imposing Fines upon 4 Townlands and Places in Ireland, in respect of the unlawful Diftil-4 laticm of Spirits, should be limited, and that the said Ada should 4 be amendedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 54 G, 3. c. ijo. to confolidatc and amend the Regulations contained in several Ads

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819*

55 G. 3. c. 12, Si.

53 G.3. c. ijx. §«.

36 G. 3. c. 112. S3-

continued n herein men* turned;

and then to

Fines in respect of Heeds or Worms of unlicensed Stills, repealed;

notwithstanding 54 G. 3. c. 150.

The said Act 54 G. 3. c. 15c. and former Acts repealed, as herein mentioned.

Commissioners of Excise and Taxes, ms;y levy Whole or Part of Fines,

C.98.

of Parliament) for impojng and levying of Fines upon Parijhes, Town-lands and other Places, in refpeS of the unlawful Dtflillation of Spirits in Ireland; and also so much of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Adi to amendfevera A3s relating to Fines in reJpeB of unlawful Dijlillation in Ireland, to the warehouftng of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excife on Sinrits di/lilledy and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, as relates to Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland; and also so much of an Aft made in the said Fifty fifth Year, intituled An Ad to amend the Laws for impojing and levying of Fines in refpeS of unlawful Dijlillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland; and also so much of an Aft made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make certain Provifions for modifying the several A3s for impojing and levying of Fines in refpeS of unlawful Dijlillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland, shall continue in force in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, until and upon the lafl Day of the several Summer Affixes refpeftrvely, in the Year One thouiand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that from and after the lait Day of the said Summer Affizes respectively, all and every the Claufes and Pro-vifions in the said recited Afts, relating to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland, shall cease and determine, except in Cafes hereinafter provided for, and except so far as relates to the levying, recovering, applying, mitigating, paying and accounting for such Fines as shall have been imposed under the said recited Afts, at any time before the End of the said Summer Afsizes; which Fines shall and may be levied, recovered, applied, mitigated, paid and accounted for, according to the Powers and Direftions of the said recited Afts, or any of them, but subject to the Provifions of this Aft.

II,	And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at any Amzes for any County, or County of a City or Town in Ireland\ or at any Prefenting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parifh, Townland, District, Divifion or Place whatever in Ireland^ in any Sum of Money or Penalty for or in respect of any Head or Worm only, or any Head and Worm only of a Still being found in any Parifh, Townland, Manor, Lordfhip or Place whatever, within such County, or County of a City or Town, any thing in the said recited Aft made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, or in any Aft for amending the Laws for imposing and levying of such Fines, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that all and every the Provifions in the said recited Aft of tne Fifty fourth Year afore-said, and in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, contained with respect to any Information concerning the finding any such Head or Worm or Head and Worm of any unucenfed Still, so far as relates to the imposing or levying of any Fine or Fines on any Parifh, Town-land, Diflnft or Division, on such Account only, shall from and after the palling of this Aft be and the fame are hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, from time to time to direct, that the Whole of any Fines which may at any time before the palling of

this

A.D. 1819.

59" GEO. III.

C. 98.

5£$

this Ad have been imposed on any Parish, Townland or Diftrid, (Exception,} or (other than such Fines in respect of Heads or Worms of Stills which	Levy

are by this Ad repealed,) or of any such Fines as may hereafter w ’ be imposed on any Townland or Diftrid, in respect of the unlawful Difoliation of Spirits, under the several Ads in force in Ireland for the Suppreflion of illicit Diftillation, or that any Part or Proportion only of such Fines, may be from time to time levied on the Parifhes,

Townlands or Diftrids on which such Fines (except as aforefaid)

ihall have been or shall be imposed, or that the levying of any fuch

Fines, or any Part thereof, may be suspended ; and that the levying	•

of such Fines, or any Part thereof, or the Sufpenfion of such Levy,

shall take place at such times and in such manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the said Commiilioners of Inland Excife and Taxes shall think fit to make in that behalf, subject to such Orders and Diredions as shall be from time to. time given or made by Subject to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiilioners of His Majefty’s Oritn of Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or ^rea8ur^' any Three of them.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Fine pr Fines Fines not to be which at any time before the passing of this Ad shall have been im- levied after posed, or which at any time after the passing of this Ad shall be

imposed, on any Parifh, Townland, Diftnd or Place, under the said recited Ad, or any Ad or Ads for the Suppreflion of illicit Three Years Diftillation in Ireland, nor any Part thereof, shall be levied off any remittdfif such Parifh, Townland, Diftrid or Place, at any time after the Expiration of Three Years next after the last Day of the Affixes or Prefenting Term at which such Fines shall have been or shall be respectively imposed, any thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland\ to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-standing; but that all such Fines, and all and every or any Part thereof which shall not be levied before the Expiration of such Term of Three Years, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be remitted, pardoned and released, to sill Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

V.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Perfon or Per-	eoo“

Sons shall be convicted, under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at

the time of the passing of this Ad, of a Mifdemeanor, for the Offence declared MIs-of making use of any unlicensed Still, Still Head or Worm, or for demeanors by di frilling, or for having or keeping in his Poffeffion any such Still, former Acta, Still Head or Worm, or for making any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for brewing, making or fermenting any Worts, Wain or Pot Ale, wherewith or with intent to diflil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for distilling; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, on which all K>uties payable by Law shall not have been duly paid, or for which, if the Quantity shall exceed One Galion, a proper Permit shall not l>e obtained for the Removal thereof; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his or her Care, Cuftody or Pofleffion, any unlicensed Still, Stiu Mead, Worm or Appendage of a Still, (except removingfrom or to a Brazier’s, or Maker or Mender of Stills, under a proper Fetmit) j Of for the Offence of having any Malt, ground or unground, dr any 59 Geo. III.	M	m	Corn

A

530

C.98.

59o GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

punished by fine or Imprisonment, in Discretion of the Court;

ictwithstomdmg

\2 O. 3. C. 97.

IS G*3> c. 151.

Proclamation may be made by Lord Lieu-tenant that an extraordinary Establishment of Police for preventing illicit Distill*- * tion is required; and thereupon a Chief Magis-. trate shall be appointed.

Corn or Grain wetted or steeped to be made into Malt, found in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, such Perfon not being entitled by Law to have the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion ; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Poffeffion any Malt, ground or unground, upon which all Duties payable by Law thereon shall not have been paid, or for the Removal of wnich a proper Permit shall not have been granted; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Cuftody any Corn or Grain wetted or steeped, wherewith or with intent to make the fame into Malt; in every Cafe of Conviftion for such Offences or any of them, the Court or Judge before whom the Offender shall be convisted, shall, in lieu of any Punifhment to which any such Offender is subject under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, sentence such Offender to pay fucn Fine not less than the Sum of Forty Skillings and not exceeding the Sum of On&fhundred Pounds, or to undergo Imprifonment for not less than One Calendar Month and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or to inflict either or both of such Punifhments as such Court or Judge shall think proper ; and in case such Court or Judge shall sentence any such Offender to pay any Fine, such Court or Judge shall also sentence such Offender, in default of the Payment of such Fine, to be imprisoned for any time not less than One Calendar Month, and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine shall be sooner paid ; any thing in an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of His preient Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& to amend fevered ABs relating to the Revenue of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in the said Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of Fines in reftcB of unlawful Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywire notwithstanding.

VI.	And for the better Prevention and Suppreffion of Offences against the Laws relating to illicit Diftillation in Ireland; be it enacted. That from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and'for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council oi Ireland, to declare by Proclamation from time to time, when and as often as Occafion shall require, that any County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland* or any one or more Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Half Baronies, m such County at large, or any Part or Parts or Diftrift or Diftrift* of any such County, or County of a City or County of a Town respectively, to be ipecified in such Proclamation, is or are in such State with respect to the Prevalence of Offences against any Laws for the Suppreffion or Prevention of illicit Diftillation, as to require an extraordinary Eftabli(hment of Police; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoint one Chief Magiftrate for the pur-pofes of this Aft, for such County, or County of a City or County of a Town, or for any one or more Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Baronies, or Part or Parts or Diftrift or Diftrifts, of or in any such County, or County of a City or County of a Town,

which

A.D.18I9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 98.

531

which may require such Eftabliftiment, To that there shall not be Pro vise, more than one such Chief Magiftrate for any one County, County of a City or County of a Town, and so that if there shall be more than one such Barony or Half Barony, or more than one such separate and distinct Part or District, there may be either one or more such Chief Magiftrate or Magi ft rates, not exceeding one for each Barony or Half Barony, or separate and distinct Part or District, as shall seem best; and the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have full Power from time to time to remove any such Chief Magistrate, and upon such or any Vacancy or Vacancies, to appoint one or more Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, either according to the fame Arrangement, or to any other which the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper to make as aforesaid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall or Tiro happen that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Gover-nors of Ireland, and the Privy Couneil, shall by any Proclamation or appointedfor Proclamations declare any Two adjoining Counties, whether One of Two adjoining them be a County of a City or County of a Town or not, or any Counties or Diftrift* situate in such Counties respectively, to require an extraor- P*rta l dinary Eftabliftiment of Police under this Aft, for the Prevention or Supprefiion of Offences relating to illicit Diftillation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor	*

or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in his or their Difcretion, to appoint in manner hereinbefore mentioned, either One or Two Perlons to be Chief Magiftrate or Chief Magistrates for such adjoin* ing Counties or Diftrifts, or in and for each of such Counties or Diftrifts respectively, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (half seem most fitting and expedient; and in case only one such Chief Magiftrate shall be appointed for such ** but On* adjoining Counties or Diftrifts, it shall be lawful for die Lord Lieu- J^leuld* tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time ^nt'paLleoc*. to time to appoint in which of such Counties such Chief Magiftrate Ihall reside.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Chief Magiftrate Magistrate be-who shall be appointed under this Aft, shall, before he shall proceed fore actfngtobe to aft in the Execution of this Aft, take the Oath required to be	*	*

taken by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, before any Juftice of the 06 * Peace oi any County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which he shall be appointed Chief Magiitrate as aforesaid, which Oath such Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer; and on being so duly fwom, such Chief Magiftrate shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, a Juftice of the Peace in and for each County, County of a City or County of a Town, for the Purpofes of this Aft, for which or for any Part of which he shall be so appointed, and in and for each and every County, County of a City and County of a Town adjoining to fuen County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which such Magiftrate shall be so appointed ; and every such Chief Magiftrate appointed under this Aft, shall be constantly and to be rare ficlent and present in the County, or in one of the Counties for sideut. which he shall be so appointed, according to the Direftions of the JLord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland;

Mm2	fave

C. 93.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Salary to Chief Magistrate of jot I. a Year, and a House, &c.

Resident Justices to be aiding the 'Chief Magistrate, and to deliver in Examinations, &c.

■4

Lord Lieutenant to appoint, &c. for Support of Chief Magistrate a Chief Constable, and not more than jo Sub Constables in each District.

Arms, &c. for Constables.

Duty of Chief and Sub Constables.

fave and except when he shall be authorised by the Permiffion of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to depart therefrom.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magistrate, while he shall hold the said Office, shall have and receive a Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling by the Year, and rateably for any letter Period, and shall have a suitable House, Furniture and Outhoufes within the County or Place for which he shall be so appointed Chief Magistrate, and in or adjoining to such House a suitable and proper Office for the Difcharge of his Bufinefs, the fame respectively to be paid and provided in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and such House, Out Offices and Office of Bufinefs to be such as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct and approve.

X.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Juftice of the Peace resident in the County, County of a City or County of a Town wherein fueh Chief Magiftrate shall be so appointed, shall be aiding and assisting for the Purpofes of this Aft, in such their Capacity of Juftice of the Peace, to such Chief Magistrate; and every such Juftice of the Peace shall, during the Refidence of such Chief Magistrate, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Chief Magistrate, as speedily as the Nature of each Cafe shall admit, Notices setting 'forth the Particulars of all and every Examination, Information or Intelligence which he shall take or receive concerning any Offence against any Aft or Afts for the suppressing of illicit Diftillation committed or intended to be committed within the County, County of a City, County of a Town or Diilrift, for which such Chief Magiftrate shall be so "appointed.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, for the Aid and Support of every such Chief Magistrate, and to remove, at his or their Pleafurc, such and so many Chief Conftables and Sub Conftables as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think proper; provided always, that there shall not in any Cafe be more than One such Chief Con liable, nor more than Fifty such Sub Constables, for any one Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City, or County of a Town, or for any Diftrift of less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony of the County in which any such Diftrift may be situate; and that there may be any such letter Number as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being may seem necessary and proper from time to time ; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, also to order such Arms and Accoutrements, Saddles and Bridles, to be delivered from His Majefty’s Stores to such Chief and Sub Constables, and also to order such Horfes for the fame, to be purchased and provided for such Chief and Sub Conftables or any of them, as Oecafion may require, and as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think proper; and every such Chief Conftabte and all such Sub Conftables shall attend such Chief Magistrate, and shall obey and execute bis lawful Warrants, Orders ana Command* ' in the Execution of this Aft, and shall not attend any other Magiftrate or Magistrates of any such County, unless by the express Orders of }

such. j

A.D. 1819.

5iy> GEO. III.

C 98.

533

such Chief Magistrate; and it shall be lawful for every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable, and every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable are hereby authorised and empowered to take and ap-- prebend all Offenders against any Afts in force for the Suppreilion of illicit Diflillation, and to seize, take and carry away or destroy all Stills and Parts of Stills, Worms, Utenfils for diddling Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines and Singlings, and all Corn, Malt and Spirits liable to Seizure and Forfeiture*under any A61 or A&s for the Supprelfiou Or Prevention of illicit Diflillation, and to do all other lawful Matters and Things for the Prevention and. Suppreilion of illicit Diflillation, and for the Apprehenfion and Punifhment of such Offenders, as shall from time to time be directed and required by such Chief Magiftrate.

XII. And be it further enabled. That every Chief Conflable and Sub Conllable who ihall be appointed under this A£l, shall, before he shall do any Adi in his said Office, take and subscribe the Oath following :

4 J A. B. do swear. That I will weH and truly serve our Sovereign

*	Lord the King, in the Office of Constable, in the County

4 [or Counties, as the case may be*] of	for	the

4 Suppreilion and Prevention of Offences relating to illicit DifliL 4 lation, without Favour or Afsection, Malice or Evil Will; and that 4 I will well and truly execute, according to Law, all Warrant* 4 and Precepts to me directed from C. D. Chief Magiftrate of the

*	faid County [or Counties, as the case may be~\ or from any other

*	Perfon who may be appointed such Chief Magiftrate for the faid

*	County [or, for the said Counties, as the case may be~\ in the Place

*	and Stead of the said C. D. ; and I will well and truly, according

*	to my. Power, Knowledge and Ability, do and execute all other « things belonging to the Office of a Conflable appointed to affilt « such Chief Magistrate, so long as I shall continue in the said < Office.’

And every such Oath shall be administered by and fubferibed in the Prefence of the Chief Magistrate, under whose Orders such Chief Constable or Sub Conflable shall be placed, which Chief Magiftrate is hereby authorised and required to administer and attest the fame; and thereupon every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable shall hare all the Powers of a Constable, and be to all Intents and Purpofes a Constable of and in the County, County of a City or Town, and of and in each and every County, if more than one, for which or for any Part of which such Chief Constable or Sub Constable shall have been so appointed, and in and for each and every County, County of a City and County of a Town adjoining to such County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which such Chief Constable or Sub Constable shall be so appointed; and every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable shall be cdnflantly resident and present in the County, or one of the Counties, in or for either of which he shall be so appointed, according to the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, favc and except when he shall be authorised, by the Per-miftion of such Chief Magistrate, to depart therefrom.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That there shall be paid to cv^ry such Chief Conflable a Salary not exceeding One hundred and

Mm3	fifty

Oath of Chief and Sub Con* •table;

to be admTnis-tered by and subscribed in Presence of Chief Magistrate..

Chief and Sub Constables to be resident.

Salary to Chief Constable /50I. and to Sub

C. 98.

59o GEO. III.

A.D.1S19.

Constables 5c 1. a Year*

Chief Magistrate to return Monthly to Lord Lieutenant a State of the County for which he shall be appointed, and of Seizures, Ac.

No Fines in respect of illicit Distillation to be imposed on Townlands where such Magistrates shall be ap-

54 G.3. c.150.

Grand Jury may make and sign Representation to the Lord Lieutenant when any County is iq such a State os to require its being put under Fines, who shall thereupon declare that such Finn

fifty Pounds by the Year, and to every fiich Sub Constable a Salary not exceeding Fifty Pounds by the Year, and rateably to each and every of the said Perfons for any lesser Period, in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 and they shall have suitable Lodgings provided for them in case the fame shall be thought necessary, and shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That every such Chief Magif-trate shall, once in every Calendar Month, and oftener if necessary, make a Return in Writing, signed by himself, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and in such Return there shall be fet forth a true and accurate Account of the State of the County, County of a City or Town, Barony, Half Barony, DiftriH or Place for which such Chief Magiftrate shall be so appointed, with refpeH to the State of illicit Diftillation therein ; and of all Seizures made of any Still or Part of a Still, Worm or other Utenfil for diftiHing, or of any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines dr Singlings, or Malt, Corn or Spirits, and of the Apprehenfion of any Offenders, and of all other Meafures taken by him, or with his Knowledge or Privity, for or towards the Prevention or Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation there, and of the Conduit of the Chief and Sub Conftables under his Orders, and of all other Matters and Things which may contribute to the Prevention or Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation as aforesaid.

XV.	And be it further enaHed, That whenever a Chief Magiftrate of Police shall be appointed for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony or Half Barony or other DiftriH, under the Authority and for the Purpofes of this AH, no Fine shall be incurred by or imposed on any Townland or Place within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or DiftnH, for or in refpeH of any Offence against any AH or AHs in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillatioo, which shall be committed in such Townland or Place during such time as such Chief Magiftrate shall be appointed and aH for the County, County of a City or Town, Barony, Half Barony or other DiftriH within which such Townland or Place shall be situate ; any thing in the hereinbefore recited AH of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or in any other AH or AHs in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI.	And be it further enaHed, That it mall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland\ from time to time at any Aflizes or presenting Term after the palling of this AH, and either before, at or after the Summer Amzes which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or the major Part of such Grand Jury, such major Part not being less than Twelve in Number, upon Confider-ation of the State of such County, County of a City or Town, with refpeH to-the Prevalence of illicit Diftillation therein, or in airy Barony, Half Barony or other DiftriH thereof, to make a Reprefent-ation in Writing, signed with their Names, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ that such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony, Half Barony or other DiftriH therein to be specified in such Representation, is in such a State as to render it expedient that the Townlaoda

or

A.D.1819.

590 GEO. III.

C.98.

535

or other Places therein should be subject and liable to the Impofition of Fines in respect of Offences again (I the Laws in force for the Suppreffion or Prevention of illicit Diftillation, for such Period as shall be specified in such Reprefentation ; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, upon such Representation, to declare by Proclamation, that from and after any Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, such Fines as are imposed and made payable under the Authority of the several hereinbefore recited A61s of the Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth, and Fifty sixth Years of His present Maiefty’s Reign, shall be incurred by and imposed and levied on any Townland or Place within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or Didrift, as shall be specified in such Representation, for or in respect of any Offence against any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation which shall be committed in such Town-tand or Place after the Day so mentioned in such Proclamation, and during such Period as shall be mentioned in such Proclamation, not exceeding the Period mentioned in such Representation; and the several Provifions of the said several hereinbefore recited Afts, (except as repealed by this Aft,) shall thereupon be and remain and continue in force, and be revived and have Efteft against such Townlands aud Places during the Period mentioned in such Proclamation ; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-ftandmg. ■

XVlI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Aflizes or Prefenting Term, in like manner to make a Reprefentation to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the State of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony thereof, or Diftrift therein, which shall by such Proclamation have been made subject to such Fines, is such as to render it expedient that the Period specified in such Proclamation should be shortened, and should ceale and determine at any Day to be mentioned in such Representation, or that the Diftrift specified iri such Proclamation should be diminished, as the Cafe may to such Orand Jury appear to require ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall thereupon declare, by Proclamation, that such Period shall cease and determine on the Day mentioned in such Representation, or that such Diftrift shall be «3nrani{hed according to such Reprefentation ; and thereupon all and ewry the Claufes and Provifions in the said recited Afts of the Pifty fourth, Fifty fifth, and Fifty sixth Years aforesaid, relating to such Fines, shall cease and determine, except only so far as relates the levying, recovering or applying, mitigating, paying and ac-~ all durir

counting for such Fines as shall during fuefi posed under the said recited Afts, which Fines shall and may be le^vied, recovered, applied, mitigated, paid and accounted for accord-ing to the Powers and Direftions of the said recited Afts, or any or them, and of this Aft.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in consequence of any Reprefentation of any Grand Jury any such Proclamation be issued, whereby any Townland or Place within any County, C^oimty of a City or County of a Town, of within any Barony or

and thereupon the said Acta (Exception) to continue in force.

Representation

may be made in like manner for shortening the time of such Fines.

Lord Lieutenant may thereupon proclaim sudi Fines to cease.

While Town-land, &c. under Imposition of Fines, no Chief Magistrate, &c.

.1

5&v

to be appointed, nor to act under this Act;

•nd if preri-ouslyappointed, the Office in such Case to cease.

Lord Lieutenant may declare by Proclamation when any County is restored to good Order.

After such Proclamations, Magistrates shall cease to act, &c.j

but if any Part require it. Chief Magistrate, &c. to act.

Lord Lieutenant may lessen Number of Sub Constables.

Money to be advanced out of Consolidated Fund for de-

C. 98.	59° GEO. 11L	A.D* 1819.

Half Barony thereof, or Diftrift therein, shall be subject to the Impoiition of such Fines in manner aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint any Chief Magiftrate or Chief Constable or Sub Constable under the Authority of this Aft, nor for any Chief Magiftrate or Chief Constable or Sub Constable to aft or continue to aft within such County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or Diftrift so proclaimed, during the time that the Townlands or Places within the fame shall be so subject to the Impofition of such Fines, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any Chief Magistrate, Chief Conitable or Sub Constable shall have been previously appointed under the Authority of this Aft in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony or Half Barony, or District, the Office of all and every Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and Sub Constable therein, shall cease and determine, and every such Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and Sub Constable refpeftrvely, shall forthwith cease to hold and exercise such Office therein.

XIX.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare bv Proclamation, that any County, County of a City or County ot a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony or District, in which a Chief Magiftrate and an Eftablifhment of Police shall be resident and acting for the Purpofes of this Aft, is restored to good Order, so as not to require the Continuance of the Eftablifhment of such Police; and that such Eftablifhment shall be difeontinued accordingly, from and after any Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Proclamation for the Difcontinuance of such Police Eftablifhment, in either of the Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, shall extend to the whole County, or to all such Part or Parts thereof as had been subject to such Eftablifhment of Police, then and from thenceforth the Office of all and every such Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and Sub Constable therein, shall cease and determine, and every such Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and Sub Constable therein, shall forthwith ceaie to hold and exercise such Office respectively ; but if any Part or Diftrift shall remain in a State to require the Continuance of such Eftablifhment of Police, then and from thenceforth every such Chief Magistrate, and each and every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable under the Authority of such Chief Magistrate, shall continue to aft for such Part or District, unless it shall be otherwise ordered by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to reduce the Number of Sub Con-ftablea in any such proclaimed District, from time to time, at any time whatever, when and as to him or them shall seem fitting and expedient.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think proper, to be advanced and paid out of

the

59? GEO. III.

C.<)8.

A.D. 1819*

537

the'Produce of the Confolidated Fund of* the United Kingdom of fraying Salaries Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland, for the Payment of the several Salaries and the Proportions thereof, or Allowances herein- nar8es* before directed to be paid and given to the several Chief Magif-t rotes, Chief Conftables and Sub Constables, and of all Rates and Taxes, and of all other Colls and Charges of the Houfes and Appurtenances to be provided for such Chief Magiftrate as aforesaid, and foi purchasing and providing any Horfes with their Saddles and Bridles which Occafion may require, or which /hall or may be found necefTary for the several Chief Conftables and Sub Constables, and for all other reasonable and necefTary Cofts, Charges and Expences of the several Eftablifhments under this A61, at such times and in such manner, and in such Proportion between Two adjoining Counties under the fame Chief Magistrate, and under any such Rules and Regulations, as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, shall from time to time order and dire61.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Produ61ion Half of Sum to the Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, for any advaneed,out of County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, of the Conaolidiued Certificate of the Chief Secretary for the time being of the Lord jev£a * Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of offending

his or their Under Secretary for Civil Affairs, of the Amount of County or Money advanced and paid out of the Confolidated Fund, by order Baronies, of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, for Expences incurred in carrying this A61 into Effe6t in any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or in any Part or Parts thereof refpe61ively, according to such Proportion as Hull be specified in such Certificate, it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury and they are hereby required to present, to be raised off such County,

County of a City or County of a Town, if the whole thereof shall have been proclaimed under this A61, or otherwise off the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or Diftri61 or Diftri6U which shall have been so proclaimed, and within which this A61 shall have been carried into Execution, the Amount of One half of the Sum mentioned in such Certificate ; and the Amount of such Sum Application /hall, when raised, be paid by the Treasurer of such County, County thereof, of a City or County of a Town to the Colle&or of Excife for the l>iflri6fc, to be by him applied in like manner as any other Public Money in his Hands ; and no other Presentment shall be fiated by the Judge or Court at such Affixes, until such Prefentment (hail	;

have first been made by the Grand Jury thereat.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if on any Occafion, or Where Doubts . in any Court of Law or Equity, Civil or Criminal, any Queftion arise on fto-fhall arise concerning any Proclamation under this A&, or the Ap- elamation, Ac. point men t or Qualification of any Chief Magiftrate or other Officer, ^jonto be*U~ common Reputation shall be deemed, taken and received as sufficient Evidence.. Evidence of every such Matter, unless by contrary Evidence a reasonable Doubt shall be raised as to the Truth of such Reputation..

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as Whengood any County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Order » re-Barony or Diftrift shall be declared to be restored to good Order

as aforesaid, all and every the Arms and Accoutrements,. Saddles T^d>upj»r and Bridles, which shall have been delivered to such Chief Conftables chief and Sub

or Constables, Ac.

538

C. 98,

59® GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

How Constables* Horses in such Case disposed o&

Constables not delivering up Anns, Ac.

Penalty acl. Irish Currency.

or Sub Constables, and as shall then be remaining, shall be forthwith delivered into His Majefty’s Military Stores, to be preserved for future Ufe, or to such rerfon or Perions, and at such time and Place, and to be kept and disposed of in other Places for the Pur-pofes of this A61, in such manner as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being shall direct or appoint; and that all Horfes which may have been found necessary to be provided for the Chief Constable or Sub Constable, shall either be fold at such Time and Place as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being shall direct, and the Produce thereof paid to the Treaftirer of the County, to be applied to the County Charge, or such Horfes shall be disposed of in such other manner, for tne Purpofes of this Ad, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who shall be appointed a Chief Constable or Sub Constable under this Ad, shall not within One Week after he shall cease to hold such Office, deliver over any Arms and Accoutrements, Horse, Saddle or Bridle

a lied to him under this Ad, to his SuccefTor in such Office, if there shall be, and if not, then to such Perfon and at such Time and Place as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; every such Perfon so offending shall, for such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Iri/b Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill, in the Court of proper Jurifdidion, by any Perfon who shall sue for the fame.

CAP. XCIX.

An A£l to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftri&ions on Payments in Cafli by the Bank of Ireland* and to direct the gradual Refumption of Cafh Payments by the said Bank.

[i2th July 1819.]

37 G.J.c-5«•

(L> ,

42 G* I® ®» 45®

4j G* 3® *®44®

44 G. 3,c*	•

54	G* 3* c®,3°®

55	G.3® fc4i. 36 G. 3® «• 48. 5$ G. 3*

e. 24. ant®*

WHEREAS an Ad was passed in the Parliament of Ireland* in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for confirming and continuing for a limited time* the ReflriSions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day if March One thousand /even hundred and ninety jeven* on Payment! in Cajh by the Bant; and by an Ad made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in the Forty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the said recited Ad of the Parliament of Ireland* of tne Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, was further continued; and by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the said recited Ad of the Parliament 01 Ireland* of tne Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, was further continued, and was also amended; and by several Ads, passed in the Forty fourth. Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth. Fifty sixth and Fifty-eighth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, the said recited A6t of the Parliament of Ireland* of tne Thirty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and the said recited Ad of the Forty third Year, amending the Tame, have been further continued, and are now in force : And Whereas an Ad was passed in the present Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to refirain* until the End of the prefemt

* Sejfiom

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 99f

539

*	Seffion of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of

*	Ireland Vrom making Payments in the Gold Coin of the Realm, under ‘ certain Notices given by them : And Whereas it is expedient that the 1 Reftriftions on Payment in Cafh by the laid Bank should be con-‘ tinued beyond the time to which such Reftriftions are at prefent

*	limited, and that a definite Period should be fixed for the termin-‘ ation of such Reftri&ions, and that preparatory Meafures should be ‘ taken with a View to facilitate and insure, on the Arrival of that ‘ Period, the Payment of the Promiffory Notes of the Bank of Ire-

*	land in the legal Coin of the Realm Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said hereinbefore recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as the fame is amended by the said Aft of the Forty third Year of His present MajeftyJs Reign, for continuing and amending the fame, and also the said hereinbefore recited Aft of this present Seffion of Parliament, and each and every of the said Afts, shall be, and the fame and every of them is and are hereby further continued, and shall have Continuance until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and that from and after the said First .Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftriftions on Payments in Ca(h under the said several Afts shall finally cease and determine.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any time on or after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, whenever any Perfon shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling Britifb Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold, of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first assayed and stamped at the AfTay Office in Dublin, or at His Majefty’8 Mint in London, as shall at the said Rate of Four Pounds One Snilling Britifb Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, whenever any Perfon shall tender to th£ Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Briti/b Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland

shall.

37 G. 3. c.51. (I.) as amended by 43 <*• 3-c. 44* and S 9 G. 3. c. 24. continued.

Between April 5,182c, and Nov. I, 1820, Bank to pay in Standard Gold for Notes tendered to an Amount not leas than 60 os. calculated after the Rate of 4I. is. British per os.

Between Nov. r, 1810, and June 1, 1821, such Payments shall be made in Gold after the Rate of

3k 19s. 6d.

British per os«

C.99.

590 GEO. III.

A:D. 1SI9.

Between June 1, 1811, and June 1, 1823, such Payments shall be made in Gold calculated after the Rate of 3I. 17s. icjd. British per ox.

But the Bank between April 5, 182c, and Nov. i, 1820; and between Nov. i, 182c, and June 1, 182X3, may pay at the Kates herein mentioned on giving Three Days' Notice in the Dublin Gazette*

shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold, of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first allayed and Ramped at the Aflay Office in Dublin, or at His Majefty’s Mint in London, as shall at the said Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Briti/h Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That at any time on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Perfon shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold, of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first alTayed and stamped at the Affay Office in Dublin, or at His Majefty’s Mint in London, as shall at the said Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny Briti/h Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce bf such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for payment.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, at any time between the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the said First Day of November One thoufaud eight hundred and twenty, to pay and deliver to any Perfon who shall pre-fen t Notes of the Governor and Company of the said Bank, such Quantity of Gold of such Finenefs as aioresaid, and alTayed and stamped as aforesaid, as shall be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented, at any Rate less than Four Pounds One Shilling British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, and not less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of such Gold; and in like manner at any time between the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to pay and deliver such Gold at any Rate less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Briti/h Currency, at an Exchange at Par, and not lets than Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings ana Ten pence Halfpenny British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of such Gold: Provided always, that the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall give Three Days Notice in the Dublin Gazette of their Intention to make such Payments after such Rates, specifying the Rates at which such Pay ments shall be made : Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, at any time after the making such Payments at the Rates mentioned in any such Notice, to pay or deliver any’fuch Gold at a Rate higher than the

Rate

.541

A.D. 1819.	59°	GEO.	III.

C.99.

Rate mentioned in any such Notice, any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That the Governor apd Payments not Company of the Bank of Ireland shall not be required or compelled to ^^dred to pay or deliver any such Gold except in Ingots or Bars of the

Weight of Sixty Ounces each, allayed and itamped as aforesaid, any W thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Governor and Bank may Company of the Bank of Ireland, if they shall fee fit, may at any in U0111 time on or after the First Dav of June One thousand eight hundred

and twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm	'

for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand; any Proviftons in the said before recited Afts, or in this Aft, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That it shall and may be Fractional lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland to Sums of leas pay any Fraftion less than Forty Shillings of any Sum so demanded •*? above the Value of Sixty Ounces, in the lawful Silver Coin of the

Realm, or in Tokens of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company Until June i,

of the Bank of Ireland shall, from time to time after die palling of Ban1t!° this Aft, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred Sundlin Ir? and twenty three, cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be Weekly taken, and attested by the proper Officer, of the average Amount Accounts of of all Promiflory Notes and Bills of the said Governor ana Company Average which shall be in Circulation during every Week, from Monday till Amount . Saturday both inclusive, did i aguifiling the respective Denominations circulation ^ and Values of the several Notes and Bills, and the average Amount	*

of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value refpeftively

so in Circulation, and to cause such Account to be transmitted and delivered to one of the Clerks of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ire-Iand> on the Tuefday in every Week next ensuing the Saturday to which such Account shall be made up ; and the Governor and Com- *nd also a pany of the said Bank of Ireland shall also from time to time, in like Quarterly Ac-manner, cause an Account to be taken and attested of. the average	d£u

Amount of all Promiflbry Notes and Bills of the said Governor Dublin GiL and Company which shall be in Circulation during every Quarter of sette. a Year ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of OSober, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of Abril, in every Year, after the passing of this Aft, and until the said First.Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, distinguishing the respective Denominations and Values of the several Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value respectively, and to cause such Quarterly Account to be publiftied in the Dublin Gazette, within One Wees next after the End of each Quarter respectively.

CAP.

C. 100.

5& GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

CAP. C.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fiftieth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating toPrifons in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

50 O.3. c. 103. * TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His % W present Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft for repealing the 4 several Law relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-enafting such 4 of the Provifions thereof as have been found ttftful, with Amendments, $ 47-	4 it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful

4 for each and every Grand Jury in Irelandy and they are thereby 4 required, at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, to appoint a proper 4 and discreet Perfon, being duly ordained in Holy Orders, and of 4 the Eftabliihed Church, to be Chaplain of the several Gaols, Bride-4 wells, Houfes of Correction, or other Prifons, of and in their re-4 fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns ; and 4 that it shall and may be lawful for every such Grand Jury, if they 4 fhali be so required by the Court, also to appoint a proper and 4 discreet Perfon, being a Proteftant Diffenting Minifter, to be Pro-4 testant Diffenting Chaplain thereof; and 5fo if they fhali be so 4 required by the Court to appoint a „ Prieft or Clergyman of the 4 Roman Catholic Church, to be Roman Catholic Chaplain: And 4 Whereas it may happen that Grand Juries may omit to make 4 effectual Appointments under the Direftions of the said recited 4 Aft; and it is expedient to provide for the Appointment of such 4 Chaplains, in case of any such Omiffion by any Grand Jury ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-In default of thority of the fame, That if at any time after the pailing of this Appointment of Aft any Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, after having Chaplains by been required by the Court or Judge at any such Aflizes or Pre, Term to appoint a proper rerfon to be Chaplain, or Pro-do not ac£ Lord testant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to any 'Lieutenant to Gaol, Bridewell, Houle of Correction, or other Prifon in their reappoint them, fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, pursuant to the Direftions of the said recited Aft, shall omit to make an effectual Appointment or Appointments of such Chaplain or Chaplains respectively, before the last Day of such Affizes or Prefenting Term; or in case any Chaplain nominated and appointed by such Grand Jury shall not, within One Calendar Month next after such Nomination, actually take upon him to exercise and perform, or fhali not continue duly and regularly to exercise and perform the Duty to and for which he fhali be so appointed by such Grand Jury; then and in every such Cafe it fhali and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a proper and discreet Perfon, being either a Minifter of the Eftablifhed Church, or a Proteftant DifTcnt-ing Minifter, or a Prieft or Clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church, as the case fhali require, to fill the Office or Offices of such Chaplain, or Proteftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman CathoUc Chaplain, to such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correftion or other Prifon or Prifons; and that all and every such Chaplain and Chap-—	Lins,

A.D.I8J9.

59*<3EO. III.1

C. 100,101.

543

lain*, so appointed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall hold and exercise the Office or Offices of Chaplain, or Proteftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, or any or either of them, as fully and effectually in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes, and with all the fame Rights, _ Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and subject to the fame Controul and Liability of Removal, as if such Chaplain or Chaplains respectively had been appointed to such Office or Offices by the Grand Jury, according to the Diredion of the said recited Ad, and shall be entitled to such Salaries, to be presented by Grand Juries, to such Amount and in such manner as is directed by the said recited Ad ; any thing in the said recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads, or any Law, Ulage, or Cuftoxn, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CL

An A£l to enlarge the Powers of an Ad passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[i 2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by several Ads of Parliament passed in the Twenty fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty sixth Years of His * present Majefty’s Reign, His Majesty hath been empowered, by 4 and with the Advice of His Privy Council to declare and appoint 4 Places and Parts beyond the Seas to which Felons and other Of-4 fenders convicted before certain Courts in England and Wales, and 4 adjudged to be transported beyond the Seas, shall be transported: 4 And Whereas by the said Ad of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, 4 intituled An AH to amend several Laws relative to the Tranfbortation 4 of Offenders, to continue in force until the First Day of May urn thou-4 fond eight hundred and twenty one, certain Provifions are now in 4 force tor regulating the Mode of contracting for the Tranfportation 4 of such Offenders, and for transporting them, and for their tem-4 porary Confinement on board of Ships and Veffels in Rivers, or 4 within the Limits of any Port or Harbour in England or Wales, 4 and for the Treatment of such Offenders, and for their Punifhment 4 in case of their being found at large, without lawful Cause, before 4 the Expiration of the Term for which they shall have been ordered 4 to be transported: And Whereas by the Laws in force in 4 some Parts of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond England and 4 Wales, Offenders convicted of certain Offences are liable to be 4 punished by Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and other Convids 4 adjudged to suffer Death in such Parts of His Majefty’s Do-4 minions have received or may receive His Majefty’s most gracious 4 Pardon upon Condition of Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and ' 4 there may be no Means of transporting such Convids to any of 4 the Places appointed by His Majesty m Council in that Behalf, 4 without first bringing them to England: And Whereas such Con-4 vids do not fall within the Provifions of the said recited Ad of 4 the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid ; and it is fit that further Provifion 4 in respect thereto should be made ;’ Be it therefore enacted by THe King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

2nd

Such Appointment effectual as H made by Grand Jury.

55 G.3. c.aj.

56.

iH

Convicts adjudged, by Courts out of England, to Transportation, and Convicts pardoned on Condition of T ransportation, may, when brought to England, until Transportation be imprisoned on board of Ships, &c.

Secretary of State may appoint Contractor for Transportation.

Not to extend to Convictions in Scotland and Ireland,

Continuance of Act

C. 101,102.	# GEO. III.	A.D.	1S1§.

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, -That' whenever any Convift adjudged to Tranfportation by any Court or Judge in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond England and Wales, or any Convift adjudged to suffer Death by any such Court or Judge, and pardoned on Condition of Tranf-portation, have been or shall be brought to England in order to be f transported, it shall and may be lawful to irtiprifon any such Offender in any Place of Confinement on board any Ship or Ypflel provided under the Authority of the (aid. last recited Aft; until liich Convift shall be transported, or by the Expiration of the Term of hi9 Tranfportation,or otherwise, shall be entitled to his Liberty; and that One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State shall appoint some Perfon to contraft for the Tranfportation of such Convift, which Perfon shall contraft accordingly, in like manner as Justices of the Peace are directed in and by the said last recited Aft to contraft for the Tranfportation of Offenders convicted within their respective Jurifdiftions ; and that so soon as every such Convift shall be imprisoned on board any such Ship or Veffel, all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Aft of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, concerning the safe Cuftody, Confinement, Treatment and « Tranfportation of any Offender convicted in England or Wales, and concerning the Puniftiment of any such Offender being found at large before the Expiration of the Term of his Tranfportation, shall extend and be construed to extend to every Convift who may have been or may be hereafter adjudged to Transportation by any Court or • Judge in any Part of His Majeity’s Dominions beyond England and Wales, and to every Convift adjudged by any such Court or Judge to suffer Death, and pardoned on condition of Tranfportation, and brought to England in order to be transported, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Convift had been convicted and sentenced at any Sefiion of Gaol Delivery holden for any County within England.

II.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be con (trued to extend to any Conviftion before any Court or Judge of those Parts of the United Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue and be in force until the Firlt Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Aft for further regulating the Appointment of Game-keepers in tVales.	[I2th July	1819.]

WHEREAS there are now several Diltrifts and Lands, within the Principality of Wales, which arc not known to be 4 comprehended within the Boundaries of any Manors, Lord ships or 4 Royalties; and there are also several other Diftrifts and Lands 4 within the Principality, which formerly belonged to or formed Part 1 or Parts of such Manors, Lordfhips or Royalties, but which have been ‘ alienated therefrom or enfranchised by the Lord or Lords for the 4 time being of such Manors, Lordfhips or Royalties, and many of such a	4	Diftrifts

a.d. ism

59* GEO. III.

C.iot.

&<5

*	Diftri&a and Lands are very ex ten five: And Whereas the Owner or

*	Owners of such Diftri&s and Lands cannot, nor can any other Per-

*	Ton. or Perfons appoint any Gamekeeper or other Servant to kill

*	Game on such Lands for the Ufe of the Owner or Owners thereof,

*	without fubjeding (uch Gamekeeper or other Servant to the Penalties imposed by divers A&s of Parlianient made for the Pre-4 servation of the Game; which Regulations and Enactments have

•	* tended greatly to the Encouragement of Poachers and other idle

*	and disorderly Perfons, to destroy the Game within such Diftri&s 4 of the said Principality i^For Remedy whereof, it is expedient that it be enacted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,,in this present Parliament afiembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the First Day of Persons pos-Augujl next, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Per- »ewhag<eruin fons and Perfon, being seised in Fee or as of Freehold, or otherwise beneficially entitled in his, her or their own Right, of and in any keepers. Lands situate and being within the said Principality, of the full and clear annual Rent of Five hundred Pounds, and not being within the Bounds of any Manor, Lordfhip or Royalty, or being within the

•	PrecinCfc or Bounds of any Manor, Lordfhip or Royalty, shall have been or shall be enfiranchifed or alienated therefrom $ or to appoint by any Writing or Writings under his, her or their Hand or Hands, a Gamekeeper to preserve, or to course, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game, for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who shall make fuch

•	Appointment, in, over and upon such his, her or their Lands, and in, over and upon the Lands of every other Perfon or Perfons who shall, by Licence in Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, authorise him, her or them to appoint a Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, or other Servant or Servants, to preserve, course, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game in, over and upon the Lands of the Perfon or Perfons not being within the Bounds of any Manor, Lonhhip or Royalty, so granting such Licence.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every such Gamekeeper Gamekeepers having such Appointment as aforesaid, during the Continuance of such Appointment (nail not be made fubjeCfc or Sable to any Penalties im- ^ poled by any former Statutes of this Realm, for having any Game in his or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, or for courting, hunting, (hooting at or killing Game, on or upon any Lands mentioned m ms or their Appointment or Appointments, and whereon the Perfon or Perfons making such Appointment or Appointments has or have any Power,

Licence or Authority to make or grant any Appointment or Appointments by virtue of this A €t: Provided always, that nothing No Power to herein contained shall extend or give, or be construed to extend or give, any Power or Authority to any Perfon or Perfons to make or grant any such Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Li-eences, to course, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game in, over or upon his, onfrsadiiaed, her or their Lands, situate or being within the Precind or Boundary &e. without of any Manor, Lordfiup or Royalty, unless such Lands shall have Lictalceof been enfranchised or alienated therefrom, without the Licence orCon-fent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Manor, Lordfhip or Royalty, having the Right to pursue and kill Game in, upon or over fucn Lands, first had ana obtained | and where in any exifong 5$ Gao. III.	N n	Leafir

Owner of

546

G.102*

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

9 Ann*, c. 15.

f *•

Lords, Ac. of •zteDsire Manors and Stewards of the Crown may appoint Game* keepers for Districts.

Penons granting Appointments may annul same, and grant others in Hen thereof,

Proviso respect ing. Persons killing Game, without Cer-

am! the Crown.

Leafe or Demise, or Agreement for demifing any. Lands, the Lefior or LefTon, Landlord or Landlords thereof, oath or have not reserved the Right or Power of hunting, (hooting or sporting, when no such Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, shall be valid, so as to authorise any such Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, Servant or Servants, to enter upon any such Lands, to preserve, course, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game thereon, without the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons in the actual Poffeflion of such Lands first had and obtained.

* III. And Whereas the Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties, within 4 the said Principality, are in many Inftancea extremely extendve,

4 and comprehend very large Tra&s of Country: And Whereas by * an A& passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne*

4 intituled An A8 for making the A8 of the Fifth Tear of Her Majefifs 1 Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, ana for 4 making the fame more effectual, it is among other things enacted, that 4 only One Gamekeeper shall be appointed to kill Game within any 4 One Manor: And Whereas fuen Reftri&ion hath, on account of 4 the Extent of the said Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties, been found 4 extremely inconvenient, and tended greatly to the Deftru&ion of the 4 Game within the said PrincipalityBe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords and Ladies of such Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties, and the Stewards of the Crown for such Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties as appertain to His Majesty within the said Principality, shall be, and they are hereby authorised respectively to nominate and appoint Gamekeepers for such Diftridts and Divifions of their respective Manors, Lordihips and Royalties, as they shall think fit; and that each and every Gamekeeper so appointed, shall have the like Powers, Privileges and Authorities within such Diftridt or Divifion as any Gamekeeper appointed for the whole of a Manor hath or would have by virtue of any Adfc now |n force: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be confirmed to .authorife the Appointment of more than One Gamekeeper > for the fame Diftrict or Division, and that all Appointments under this Adi shall be regifiered with the Clerk of tne Peace in like manner, and be subject to all other Regulations which are enacted with refpedfc to the Appointment of Gamekeepers of Manors by any A& now in force.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfons and Perfon, who shall or may grant or make any Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, by virtue of this A&, to reyoke, annul or render void all and every such Consent, Appointments and Appointment, Licences and Licence, and to grant or make other Confent or Confents, Appointments or Licences in lieu thereof, as often as to him, her or them, shall seem proper.

V.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be confirued to extend the Prote&ion of this A&, to any Perfon or Perfons killing Game without a Certificate taken out or purchased, according to the Provifions of the A& now in force respecting Game Certificates, or in. any manner to affect the Rights of nis Majesty or His Succeffors, or 01 any other Perfon or Perfons, in, to or over any Manor, Lord(hip or Royalty, within the said Principality.

CAP.

S9# GEO. III.

C.10S.

5* 7

CAP. CUT.

An A ft to repeal so much of Two Afts as require certain Accounts to be laid before Parliament; and to amend an A£t of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament. [ 12th July 18(9.]

•	YTTHEREAS by an Aft patted in the Tenth and Eleventh zoScxiW.3.

4 W Years of the Keign of His Majesty King William the Third, e. 6. 5 4.

4 intituled An AS to enlarge the Trade to Ruflia, it is enacted, that 4 the Commissioners of His Majefty*s Cuftoms shall at every Seflion 4 of Parliament lay before both Houfes a true Account in Wiriting 4 under their Hands, of what Naval Stores shall have been imported 4 into this Kingdom by any Perfons trading to Ruffia : And Whereas 4 by another Aft palled in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the 11 & it W. 3.

4 Reign of His said Majesty King William the Third, intituled An * *°- §'*•

4 AS for the more effeSual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manu-4 faSuree of this Kingdom, the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Cuf-4 toms are empowered and enjoined to lay before the Parliament,

4 within the First Week of every Seflions thereof, a true Account 4 containing the Particulars of all Wrought Silks, Bengals and 4 Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perjia,

4 China or East India, and all Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or 4 stained there, which have been brought into and carried out of the 4 Warehoufes approved of by them : And Whereas it no longer ap-4 pears necessary, that the said Accounts mentioned in the afore-4 recited Afts should be laid before ParliamentBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the afore-recited Afts as requires the said Accounts to be laid before the Parliament, shall be and the fame repealed, are hereby repealed.

4 II. And Whereas by another Aft passed in the Twenty sixth 16 G.3. e.41.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the I

*	further Support and Encouragement of the Fijhertes carried on in the rePe*^e” •

4 Greenland Seas, and Davis’s Straights; it is enacted, that the

4 Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms for England and Scotland 4 respectively, shall at the beginning of every Seflion of Parliament,

4 lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account in Writing under 4 their Hands, of what Number of Ships or VefTels have been employed 4 in the Whale Fifhery to Davie's Streights and the Greenland Seas9 4 with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were 4 fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged,

4 and also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber or Whale Fins each Ship 4 or Veffel shall have imported : And Whereas it has been usual in 4 other In fiances for the proper Officers who prepare such Accounts,	N

4 to lav the fiune before botn Houfes of ParliamentBe it further enacted. That so much of the said recited Aft as requires the said and Account Account to be laid before Parliament by the Commimoners of His of Vessels to be Majefty’s Cuftoms for England and Scotland respectively, shall be presentedby and the lame is hereby repealed 5 and that the said Account shall in ^Sd of* future be presented by the proper Officer who prepares the fame CommWoasfi. agreeably to the Direftions contained in the said jecited Aft.

N n 2	CAP.

548

C. 104.

59* GEO. Ill

A.D.181*.

5» G.3. c. 54.

53	G. 3. c.109,

54	G.3. c.97. 56 G. 3. c. i. 58 G. 3. c. 21. further continued till July 5, 182c.

CAP. CIV.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excife, with regard to Crown Glafs and Flint and Phial Glass; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glafs.

[12th July 1819.3

•	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Laws hereinafter men -

*	YV tioned should be further continued and amendedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Au-

49 G. 3. c.63. thority of the fame, That so much of an Aft of Parliament made as continued by in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 51 G. 3. c.69. repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Colleftion of the said Duties, as was by certain Afts made in the Fifty first, Fifty second. Fifty third, and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign aforesaid continued to the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and by Two other Afts made m the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforesaid revived and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II.	And be it further enacted, That an Aft of Parliament made continued by in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repeal-

thesaid Acts, ingthe Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof 5 and for continuing and amending an Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Mm-jefty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glass, and for other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Colleftion of”the i Duties; which was by certain Afts made in the Fifty second. Fifty third, and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign aforesaid, continued until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and by Two other Afts made in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforesaid revived and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs shall, and he, me smd they is and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expfence, to md and provide and make lawful Entry of proper and fufficient'Boxes or Veffels, for the pfttpofe of containing all the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs and Shimmings produced on each Weekly Making of Flint Glafs and Phial Gkf«> and shall from time to time, asthe tee

is

51 G. 3. c. 69.

farther continued till July 5, z8io.

Makers of Flint or Phial Glass to provide Boxes or Vessels, and put therein all the Chest Metal and Wasta

C. 104.

it produced on such Weekly Making, forthwith put and place in such Boxes or VefTels all the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs and Skimmings of each particular Weekly Making of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, and keep and continue tne fame m the particular Box or Vefiel, Boxes or VefTels, in which the fame shall be so put and placed, except when taken out daily for the purpose of being picked and sorted, in which Cafe the fame shall be so taken out in the Prefence of and weighed by the proper Officer of Excife, and shall be kept separate and apart from all other Glafs of any other Weekly Making until the fame it weighed, taken account of, and reweighed as provided by Law for and in respect of manufactured Flint Glass; and when and so soon as each such Weekly Making of Glafs shall be finished, shall produce the fame to be weighed ana taken account of by the proper Officer, and reweighed by the Supervifor of Excife, as provided by Law for and in relpeCt of manufactured Flint Glass, and shall reflux the fame and every Part thereof in the next, or next but one, fuc-ceeding Charge of his or their Pot or Pots for making Flint or Phial Glafs ; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint. Glafs or Phial Glafs shall negleCt or omit to find or provide proper and sufficient Boxes or VefTels for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, or to put or place as aforesaid in One or more of such Boxes or VefTels all the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs Skimmings of each particular Weekly Making of Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, or to keep or continue the fame and every Part thereof in such Box or Vefiel, Boxes or Vefleis, in which the fame shall be put and placed as aforesaid, as and when the fame are produced in the Manufa&ure of the Glafs of such Weekly Making, except as aforesaid, until the fame shall be weighed and taken account of by the proper Officer, and reweighed by the Supervifor of Excife, as provided by Law for and in respect of manufactured Flint Glass; or shall negleCt or omit, when and so soon as any Weekly Making of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs is finished, to produce the fame, together with the Metal laded out at the End of every such Weekly Making of such Glass, to the proper Officer, to be so weighed and taken account of, and reweighed by the Supervifor as aforesaid; or shall mix, put or place any other Cheft Metal, or Broken or Wafte Glass, or Skiipmings or other thing, with the Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs and Skimmings of any particular Weekly Making of such Glafs $ or shall produce to the Officer to be weighed ana taken account of, or to the Supervifor to be reweighed as aforesaid, any other Cheft Metal, or Broken or Wafte Glass, or other thing, except such Skimmings and Laded Metal as aforesaid, with the Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs and Skimming* and Laded Metal of that particular Weekly Making of Glass; or mail produce to be weighed or reweighed as aforesaid any Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs or Skimmings or Laded Metal which has before been weighed and taken account of, or reweighed as aforesaid ; or shall convey away or conceal or not reflux such Cheft Metal or Wafte Glass, Skimmings or Laded Metal, or any Part thereof, at such time and in such manner as aforesaid, all such Cheft Metal, Broken or Wafte Glass, and Skimmings, Laded Metal, and other thing shall be forfeited, 'fend shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and all and every Maker and Makers of Glafs so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and tofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Nn 8

549

Glass abd

Skimmings of each Weekly Making; and so keep the same, except when taken out to be picked in the Presence of the Officer, who shall take an Account of every Weekly Making, &c.'

Maker offending as herein mentioned.

Penalty aocl.

IV. And

550

C. 104.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 15191

If in weighing Vemels of Flint or Phial Gian of Weekly Making, and Cheat Metal, Ac. Weight produced shall not amount to 9fc Parts of too Parts of gross Quantity of Metal put into Pot, Deficiency charged with Duty.

Proviso.

Makers to keep sufficient Scales and Weights for Officers taking Account, and assist them in weighing Metal.

Maker neglect-ing, &c.

or hindering Officer, Ac. Penalty loci.

Using false Weights, Ac.

IV.	And be it further enacted,That whenever any Officer or Officer* of Excife shall weigh the Veffels, Articles and Utenfils of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs of any particular Weekly Making, he and they shall also weigh the Chefl Metal and Wafte Glafs and Skimming* of that Weekly Making, and also the Metal laded out at the End thereof ; and if the Weight of the Articles, Veffels and Utenfils of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs of any particular Weekly Making of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs respectively, together with the Weight of the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glass, Skimmmgs and Laded Metal aforesaid, of the fame Weekly Making, so produced and weighed, or reweighed as aforesaid, shall not amount to Ninety eight Parts of every hundred Parts of the gross Quantity of all the Metal, Materials and Preparations which shall have been in the Pot or Pots made use of in that Weekly Making, according to the best and highest Gauge which shall or may have been taken of the Fluxed Metal thereof by any Officer or Officers of Excife, the Maker or Makers of such Glafs shall be deemed and taken to have made and manufactured Articles of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs of equal Weight to the Weight of such Deficiency below Ninety eight hundred Farts_ of the gross Quantity of such Fluxed Metal as last aforesaid, and shall be charged with and pay Duty for the fame as if such last mentioned Articles bad been produced to and weighed by the proper Officer of Excife : Provided always, that no such Deficiency shall of itself, and without any Proof of the fraudulent Removal or Concealment of any Part of the Glafs of any Weekly Making of Glass, fubieCfc any such Maker as aforesaid to any Penalty for having fraudulently removed or concealed the Glafs so deficient.

V.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Maker or' Makers of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, (he or they shall make or manufacture any Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, and shall at his, her or their own Expence find, provide and affix fit and proper Hooks or Staples, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame for the purpose of weighing and taking an Account of and reweighing the Cheft Metal, Broken and Wafte Glass, which shall at any time be in the Poffeffion of such Maker and Makers* and shall at all times (when requested by the Officer so to do) by himself or themselves, or by a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, give all needful and necessary Help and Affiftance to any Officer or Officers of Excife in weighing and taking a just and true Account of or reweighing such Cheft Metal, Broken or Wafte Glafs ; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negleCt to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix, in manner aforesaid, such fit and proper Hooks or Staples as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame, or shall at any time refuse or neglect to give such Help and Affiftance as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers of Glafs shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and if any Maker or Makers of Glass, or his or their Servants, shall in the weighing or re weighing of any Cheft Metal or Wafte Glass, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust or inefficient Scales, Weight or Weights, or shall practise any

5	Art,

A.D-. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.104.

551

Art, Dcricc or Contrivance by which any Officer or Officers of Excife shall or may be hindered in or prevented from taking and afcer-taining the just and true Weight of any such Cheft Metal, Broken-or Wafte Glass, then and in every such Cafe such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weight or Weights respectively, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That no such Maker as aforesaid shall be compelled to reflux or incur any Penalty for not refluxing any Cheft Metal, Skimmings or Broken or Wafte Glafs that (hau be mixed with and constitute Part of the weighed and reweighed Cheft Metal, Skimmings or Broken or Wafte Glafs of any Weekly Making of Glafs as aforesaid, and which such Maker or his Foreman or principal Servant shall (hew and declare to the Supervisor, at the time of tne reweighing of the Cheft Metal, Skimmings, Broken or Wafte Glafs of such Weekly Making o£ Glass, to be Refufe Glass, and unlit for immediate Manufa&ure, and shall afterwards pick and separate from the Reft of the Cheft Metal, Skimmings, Broken or Wafte Glafs of fuck Weekly Making of. Glass; and that no such Maker as aforesaid shall be compelled to reflux or incur any Penalty for not refluxing any Coloured or Stained Glafs so reweighed as aforesaid, until his or her next Making, or next Making but one, of the like Coloured or Stained Glafs ; and that no such Maker as aforesaid shall be subject or liable to pay Duty for. any Deficiency of Glafs produced, weighed and reweigned, as the Produce of any Weekly Making of Glafs as aforesaid, which has arisen and been occasioned by the unavoidable Lofs of the Metal through the sudden cracking or breaking of any Pot at the time the fame ia charged with and contained such Metal, and which shall be fatis-fa&orily (hewn and proved to the Officer at the time the fame shall so happen; and that no such Maker as aforesaid shall incur any Penalty by reason of his or her not refluxing at the time aforesaid any Metal laded out of the Pot into Water, provided such Metal shall be weighed and reweighed separate, and be lodged in and kept in some Room or Place separate and apart from all other Broken or Wafte Glass, and under the immediate Survey and Infpe&ion of the Officer of Excife, until all such Laded Metal shall be, under Notice in Writing delivered to the proper Officer, and in his Prefence, put into the rot to be refluxed as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enaaed, That this A& shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty..

Penalty ycd.

No Penalty for not refluxing Chest Metal, &c. declared to Supervisor to be Refuse Glass; or for not refluxing Coloured or Stained Glass till next Making, or the. next but one following.

No Doty (hr Deficiency of Glass occasioned by unavoidable Loss of MetaL

No Penalty for not refluxing Metal laded out of the Pot, if kept separate* fisc.

Continuance of Act.

N n A

CAP.

542

C.100.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

CAP. C.

50 O.5. c. 103.

*47-

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fiftieth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating toPrifons in Ireland.

[ I2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty *8 Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 Jeveral Law relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-cna8ing such * of the Provifions thereof as have been found nfefult with Amendments, 4 it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful • for each and every Grand Jury in Ireland, and they are thereby 4 required, at any AffizeB or Prefen ting Term, to appoint a proper 4 and difereet Perfon, being duly ordained in Holy Orders, and of 4 the Eftabliftied Church, to be Chaplain of the several Gaols, Bride-4 wells, Houfes of Correction, or other Prifons, of and in their re-4 fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns ; and

4 that it shall and may be lawful for every such Grand Jury, if they 4 shall be so required by the Court, al(o to appoint a proper and 4 difereet Perfon, being a Proteftant Diffenting Minifter, to be Pro-4 testant Diffenting Chaplain thereof; and 5fo if they shall be so 4 required by the Court to appoint a, Pried or Clergyman of the 4 Roman Catholic Church, to be Roman Catholic Chaplain: And 4 Whereas it may happen that Grand Juries may omit to make 4 effectual Appointments under the Direftions of the said recited 4 Aft; and it is expedient to provide for the Appointment of such 4 Chaplains, in case of any such Omiffion by any Grand Jury :9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-In default of thority of the fame. That if at any time after the pafling of this Appointment of Aft any Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, after having Chaplains by been required by the Court or Judge at any such Affizes or Pre-c^i^Chs \m’	Term	to	appoint	a	proper	Perfon	to be Chaplain, or Pro-

do not act, Lord testant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to any Lieutenant to Gaol, Bridewell, Houle of Correction, or other Prifon in their reappoint them, fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, pursuant to the Direftions of the said recited Aft, shall omit to make an effectual Appointment or Appointments of such Chaplain or Chaplains refpefttvely, before the lad Day of such Affizes or Prefenting Term; or in case any Chaplain nominated and appointed by such Grand Jury shall not, within One Calendar Month next after such Nomination, actually take upon him to exercise and perform, or shall not continue duly and regularly to exercise and perform the Duty to and for which he shall be so appointed by such Grand Jury; then and in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a proper and difereet Perfon, being either a Minifter of the Eftabliftied Church, or a Proteftant Diffenting Minifter, or a Prieft or Clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church, as the case shall require, to fill the Office or Offices of such Chaplain, or Proteftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correftion or other Prifon or Prifons; and that all and every such Chaplain and Chaplains,

A.D. 1819.

59* <3EO. Ill

5*3

C. 100,101.

lain®, so appointed by filch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go* vemor or Governors, shall hold and exercise the Office or Offices of Chaplain, or Proteftant Difienting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, or any or either of them, as fully and effectually in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes, and with all the fame Rights, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and subject. to the fame Controul and Liability of Removal, as if such Chaplain or Chaplains respectively had been appointed to such Office or Offices by the Grand Jury, according to the Diredion of the said recited Ad, and shall be entitled to such Salaries, to be presented by Grand Juries, to such Amount and in such manner as is directed by the said recited Ad ; any thing in the fiud recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads, or any Law, Ufagc;or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAR CL

An Ad to enlarge the Powers of an Ad passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Tranf-portation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[i2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by several Ads of Parliament passed in the Twenty fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty sixth Years of His * present Majefty’s Reign, His Majesty hath been empowered, by 4 and with the Advice of His Privy Council to declare and appoint 4 Places and Parts beyond the Seas to which Felons and other Of-4 fenders convicted before certain Courts in England and Wales, and 4 adjudged to be transported beyond the Seas, shall be transported 2 4 And Whereas by the said Ad of the Fifty sixth Year atoresaid, 4 intituled Jin A& to amendfeveral Laws relative to the Tranfportation 4 of Offenders, to continue in force until the First Day of May One thou-4 Jand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Provifions are now in 4 force for regulating the Mode of contracting for the Tranfportation 4 of such Offenders, and for transporting them, and for their tem-4 porary Confinement on board of Ships and Veffels in Rivers, or 4 within the Limits of any Port or Harbour in England or Wales, 4 and for the Treatment of such Offenders, and for their Punifhment 4 in case of their being found at large, without lawful Cause, before 4 the Expiration of the Term for which they shall have been ordered 4 to be transported : And Whereas by the Laws in force in 4 some Parts of His Maiefty’s Dominions beyond England and 4 Wales, Offenders convicted of certain Offences are liable to be 4 punished by Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and other Convids 4 adjudged to suffer Death in such Parts of His Majefty’s Do-4 minions have received or may receive His Majefty’s most gracious 4 Pardon upon Condition of Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and ' 4 there may be no Means of tran (porting such Convids to any of 4 the Places appointed by His Majesty m Council in that Behalf, * without first bringing them to England; And Whereas such Con-4 vids do not fall within the Provifions of the said recited Ad of 4 the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid ; and it is fit that further Provifion 4 in 'refped thereto should be made Be it therefore enacted by The lung’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and

Such Appointment effectual as if made by Grand Jury.

56 G.3. c. 17.

J6.

C. 105,106.

89° GEO. Ill

A.D.1819.

Leather or Glass employed In Construction of Carriages brought into G. B. or Ireland for private Use.

Charges made

for Duties by this Act repealed, discharged.

eight hundred and nineteen, no countervailing Duty shall be paid or payable in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for or in respect of the Leather actually worked up and employed in the Conitru&ion of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Lan-daulet, Chaife or other Wheel Carriage as aforesaid, or for or in respect of the Glafs actually worked up and employed in the Coa-flru&ion of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaife or other Wheel Carriage which shall be so brought into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, by any Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid ; any thing in any otljer A& or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commifitoners of Excife in England and Scotland, and Commissioners of Cuftoms in Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as such Duty or Duties for or in respect whereof the Duties by this A61 repealed, and which shall not before the palling of this Aa have been actually collected, received or paid, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Do-J cuments containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

55	3-	«•	*9*

§4-

Sched. A.

CAP. CVI.

An AGt to amend the several A£ls for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excife upon certain Licences, and regulating the issuing of such Licences; and for securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled by licensed Diftttlers in Ireland.

[i2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS in and by an A6t made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to grant 4 certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and 4 other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Ex-4 cifeable Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable 4 upon such Licences ; and to secure the Payment of such Excife Dutiesf 4 and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the 4 immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, and by the Sche-* dule thereto annexed, a Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds 1 British Currency, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the ‘ Pound on the Amount of such Duty, is granted and imposed * upon any Licence to any Perfon to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, ‘ Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, * in any Place within the Towns following 7among others) ; that is ‘ to fay, Athloney Cadlebar, Ennisy Enmfkillmy Galway, KinfaLr, 4 Ltfburne, Longford, M allow y New Rofs9 Tipperary and Tralee, and * within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein ‘ respectively: And Whereas it may be expedient that such Licences * should, in certain Cases, be granted for the Sale of Spirituous and 4 other Liquors in the said Towns and Places on Payment of a left 4 Sum than the said Sum of Twenty two PoundsBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One

thoufand

JLD. 181ft

SV* GEO. Ill

C.106.

555

thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfona to have or obtain, at his, her or their Defire, a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, in any Place within the Town 8 of Atblone, Cajflebary Ennis, Enni/kilien, Galway, KinfaU, Lijbume, Longford, Mallow, New Roft, Tipperary and Tralee, or within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein re-fpeftively, on Payment of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Briti/b Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof, and no more; any thing in the said recited Aft, or in the Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for amending the said Aft, or for the regulating the granting of such Licences, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding ; subject nevertheless to all such Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, Direftions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, with respect to the obtaining of such Licence, as are contained and fet forth in any of the said Afts and in this Aft, so far as the fame are consistent and compatible with each other; and save so far as the fame are not repealed or altered by this Aft: Provided always, that any Perfon on whose Licence such Sum of Fifteen Pounds shall be paid shall be authorised to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty Gallons at any one time, and no more: Provided also, that if any Perfon in the said Towns and Places shall pay the full Sum of Twenty two Pounds payable under the said recited Afts, or if any Perfon in any of the laid Towns and Places, having paid the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds, shall pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Perfon amount to Twenty two Pounds Briti/b Currency, together with a further Sum in both Cafes after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Twenty two Pounds, or on such additional Sum as the case may be, such Perfon shall be authorised to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty five Gallons at any one time, and no more, pursuant to the Provifions of the said recited Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Gommiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Difcretion, to allow or repay to any Perfon who shall have paid or shall pay the said Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds on any Licence for the Sale of Spirituous or other Uquors by Retail in any of the Towns or Places aforesaid, to be in force after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Sum of Seven Pounds Briti/b Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof; and every such Allowance or Repayment (hall* be made under such Rules and Regulations as tiic laid Commissioners or any Three of them shall direct or appoint $ and After such Allowance or Repayment such Licence shall be good and valid according to the Import thereof, and according to the JProvifions of this Aft, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons licensed to fell Spirituous or other Liquors *>y Retail, to demand or receive any Permit or Permits for the Removal within any one Day to any one Perfon, or to different

Perfons

Instead of said

Duty within the Towns herein mentioned, a Duty of t;L and is. in the Found on the Amount.

ijl- Licence not to permit Sale of Spirits at one time to more than so Gallons.

siL Licence the Sale of %$ Gallons and no more at one

Commissioners in Ireland may repay 7b British with the is. in the Pound to the Persons who have taken out the aoL

No Permit for Removal of a greater Quantity of Spirits than allowed for Sale at one time.

a 106.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

5J G. 3. «. 19. S39-

repealed. Licences grant* ed without taking such Oaths valid.

licensed Persons (not being in District of Dublin) may on Certificate remove within flame District.

In such Case Officer to grant

Perform in Partner ship in Trade, any greater Quantity of Spirits than such Perfon or Perfons so licensed is or are under the Provifions of the said recited A61 of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, or this A61, authorised to fell at any one time under the Licence or Licences which shall have been or shall be obtained by such Perfon or Per-fons 5 any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Aft of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, whereby it is provided and enacted, that no Perfon shall be capable of receiving or holding a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, who shall not previously take and subscribe certain Oaths in and by the said Aft prescribed, directed and appointed, and as direct that every Perfon Featuring any such Licence shall take and subscribe such Oaths before the Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon in Charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrift within which such Perfon shall require to be licensed, and also as direct .that such Perfon shall leave the fame with such Colleftor or other Officer, who shall transmit the fame, when required, to the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; and that if any such Licence shall be granted or issued to any Perfon without such Oath or Affidavit being so made and fub-scribed, such Licence shall be null and void to all Intents and Pur* poses, and that the Perfon whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties and Difabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed 5 and every Licence which shall have been or shall be granted at any time after the Fifth. Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen to any Perfon or Perfons who shall not have taken or subscribed the said Oaths, or any of them, shall not be void, nor shall any such Perfon or Perfons be liable or subject to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in consequence or by realon of such Omission, but every such Licence shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as the fame would have been in case the said Oaths had been taken and subscribed as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Aft or any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon who shall base obtained or shall obtain any Licence to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, in any Place not being within the Diftrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, shall be minded to remove from the House mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Bufinefs, and to carry on the fame in any other House in the fame Town or City, or within the fame Excite Diftrift (and with respect to which last mentioned House such Perfon shall obtain the Certificate of the Two next Refident Justices of the Peace that such House is proper to be licensed for the Sale of Spirituous and other* Liquors by Retail), then and in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Com* miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland*, or any Three of them, to permit and allow such Perfon to deliver up and Surrender such Licence, then in force, to the Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon who shall then be duly authorised to grant and iffiie Licences in the proper Diftrift ; and such Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon ihall, upon receiving such Licence, sign, grant and iffiie, without

payment

A.D.1&1&

59° GEO. III.

C.1C6.

557

Payment of Duty, or any Sum or Fee whatever (except in case of the Provifo hereafter mentioned, where a higher Duty shall be payable in the Place to which such Perfon shall intend to remove, than such Perfon paid on the Licence so to be surrendered up), a new Licence to such Perfon for the House to which such Perfon shall be desirous of removing, and shall date such Licence, and shall fet forth therein that the fame was granted upon the Surrender of a former Licence, specifying the Date thereof, and the Situation of the House for which the fame had been granted; and from the Date of such further or new Licence the fame (haU be sufficient Authority for the Perfdn to whom the fame shall be granted, to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in the House to which such Perfon shall so remove, until the Expiration of the Term, Force, Period or Pur-pofe for which the fame shall be granted, and which Term, Force, Period or Purpofe shall not in any Cafe exceed the Term, Force, Period or Purpofe for which the original Licence was granted; and every Licence in the Place or Stead of which any such new or further Licence shall be granted, shall be from thenceforth absolutely null and void; and any Perfon to whom any such new or further Licence shall be granted, and also all and every the Surety and Sureties of any such Perfon, shall be fobjeft and liable in all respects, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, in like manner as he, (he or they would have been respectively fobjeft and liable if such Perfon had continued to carry on Buiinefs under the original Licence, and in the House for which the fame had been granted: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon to grant or issue any (uch new or further Licence unless and until all the Duties and Penalties which shall have been or (hall

be incurred by such Perfon so desirous of renuwing shall be folly paid or satisfied; and provided also, that in case the Duty payable by Law on a Licence to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in the Place to which such Perfon shall so intend to remove, shall exceed the Duty paid on the Licence so intended to be fur-rendered, it shall not be lawful to grant or issue any such new or further Licence, unless and until such Perfon shall pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Perfon amount to the full Duty payable by Law on a Licence to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in such Place for which such new or further Licence shall be required, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such additional Sum, and the Amount of every such Payment shall be fet forth in such new or further -Licence.

* VI. And Whereas in and by the said Tecited Aft of the Fifty € 'fifth Year aforesaid, Perfons exercising certain Trades, Occupations

*	or Callings therein mentioned are declared * not to be capable of

*	receiving or holding a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, « Beer, Pbrter or Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by

* Retail; and it is thereby declared, that every Licence which (haU

*	be iffoed to any Perfon by the said Aft declared not to be capable

*	of receiving the fame, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft or to

*	the Ufe or Benefit of such Perfon or Perfons so declared incapable,

*	fhall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and that the Perfon whofe

*	‘Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unliceitfad

*	Retailer of Spirituous Liquors* and be fobjeft to such Penalties,

* Forfeitures

a new Licence on Surrender of former.

Old Licence thereupon void.

Conditions of granting such new Licence.

55O.5. 0. ly. $33.

C. 106.

59° GEO. III.

AJX1819.

to*

Persons exercising certain Trades declared incapable by SS G. 3. c. 19. ▼old.

S5 G.3. c.104. §15-

Not to extend to Retailers, if Liquors not consumed in their House.

Retailer may recover for Beer sold less than Two Galions, not consumed by Retailer.

*	Forfeitures and Difabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors with-4 out Licence are fubjje&to;’ Be it enacted, That if at any time after the granting of any Licence to any Perfon to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, such Perfon shall exercise any Trade, Occupation or Calling, the exercising whereof would have rendered such Perfon incapable of receiving such Licence ; or if any Licence for felling Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail shall at any time be held in Truft or for the Ufe or Benefit of any Perfon who shall at any time during the Term, Period or Force of such Licence exercise any such Trade, Occupation or Calling, then and in each and every the respective Cafe and Cafes aforesaid, every such Licence shall be and the fame is hereby declared null and void, to all Intents and PurpofeB what foe ver 5 and the Perfon whose Licence shall so become void, and the Perfon or Perfons in Truft for whom or for whose Ufe or Benefit the fame had been obtained, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer or unlicensed Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to.

4 VII. And Whereas in and by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth 4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to make 4 further Provifions for the issuing of Licences to Perfons to deal n,

4 retail, make or manufaSure Spirits, and other Excifeable Commodities 4 in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excife payable by the Per* 4 fans so licenfed\ it is amongst other things enacted, that no Perfon 4 shall be entitled unto or shall maintain any Cause, A&ion or Suit,

4 or shall recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or

*	Demand for or on account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in 4 Ireland, in any Quantity less than Two Quarts at any One time, 4 or for or on account of any particular Item or Article in any 4 Account or Demand Tor Spirituous Liquors so fold, when the 4 Quantity shall be less than Two Quarts: And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient that the said recited Provifion should not extend or be 4 construed to extend to such Quantity of Spirituous Liquors fold 4 by any Perfon duly licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, 4 such Spirituous Liquors not being used or consumed in the House, 4 Shop or other Premifes of such licensed RetailerBe it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Provifion of the said Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to any Spirituous Liquors fold in any Quantity less than Two Quarts at any One time, by any Perfon so licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, provided that the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors so fold, or any Part thereof, shall not be used or consumed in the House, Shop or other Premifes of such licensed Retailer, any thing in the said recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding 5 provided always, that the said recited Provifion 01 the said last mentioned Ad, (haH continue and remain in full Force and Effed with respect to Spirituous Liquors which shall be used and consumed in any such House, Shop or other Premifes.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any licensed Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors to recover by due Courfe of Law any Sum of Money or Demand, for or os account of any Beer, Ale or Porter fold by such Retailer in anr Quantity less than Two Galions, and not being used or consumed in the House, Shop or other Premifes of such Retailer, although the

Price

A'D. 1819.	59° GEO. III.	C. 106.

Price of such Quantity may exceed the Sum of One Shilling 5 any thing in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS to prevent the Evil artfing by the Retailers of Beer, Ale, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Aqua Vita and other Spirituous Liquors, giving Credit to Servants, Day Labourers and other Perfons who usually work or ply for Hire or Wages, or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ IX. And Whereas in and by the said recited Aft of the Fifty 4 fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, certain Duties of Excife 4 are imposed and made payable for and upon all and every the Li-4 cences to be taken out for the several and respective purposes in * the said recited Aft mentioned, according to the Laws in such 4 Cafe made and providedBe it enacted, That upon the Death of my Perfon so licensed, and also where any Perfon so licensed shall wholly discontinue the Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which any such Licence shall be issued, and shall be desirous of dif-pofing of his or her Right and Intereft in such Licence to any other Perfon duly qualified to carry on such Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or Calling, in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Difcretion, to permit and allow the Heir, Executor or Adminiftrator, or Widow or Child of such deceased Perfon, or the Afiignee or Affignees of the Perfon so disposing of such his or her Right and Intereft aforesaid, to deliver up and surrender such Licence to the Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon who shall be duly authorised to grant and ifTue Licences in the proper Diftrift ; and such Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon shall, upon receiving such Licence, sign, grant and issue, without Payment of Duty, or any Sum or Fee whatever, a new Licence, in such Manner and Form as the said Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint, to such respective Perfons for the House or Premises, or any other House or Premifes (being in the f^me City or Town in which the House or Premifes for which such original Licence had been granted shall be fituated) in which he or she shall be desirous of carrying on such Trade, Occupation or Calling ; and from the Date of such further or new Licence, the fame shall be sufficient Authority for the Perfon to whom the lame shall be granted to exercise and carry on the Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or Calling in the House or Premifes mentioned and de-fcribed therein, until the Expiration of the Term, Force, Period or Purpofe for which the fame shall be granted, and which Term, Force, Period or Purpofe shall not in any case exceed the Term, Force, Period or Purpofe for which the original Licence was granted; and every Licence, in the Place or Stead of which any new or further Licence shall be granted, shall be from thenceforth absolutely null and void: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon to grant or issue any such new or further Licence, unless and until all Duties and Penalties which jHall have been or shall be incurred by such deceased Perfon, or by £aach Perfon fo* desirous of disposing of his or her Right and Intereft aforesaid, shall be fully paid or satisfied; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful to grant or issue any such new or further Licence, aaxalefs and until the Perfon applying for the fame shall have performed

all

559

9 G. 2. (I.)

S5G.3.C.19.

s*

On Death, &c. of Party, Licence, on being delivered up to proper Officer, may be renewed in favour of Representative of deceased, or to Assignee of Party declining Business;

without Payment of Duty, or Fee.

Duties and Penalties due by deceased, &c. to be first paid, and Person applying performing au Requisites.

C. 106.

19* GEO. Ill;

A.D. 1819.

Where Licence taken after 5th of April in any Year, a Proportion of Duty only paid, and is. in the Pound thereon.

Person applying for Licence having previously tracted, to pay the full annual Sum payable on such Licence;

otherwise Licence raid* and Penalty.

all and every the Requifites requited, directed and appointed to be performed by any Perfon applying for a Licence to exercise and carry on the Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling to be mentioned in such Licence, according to the several Adis of Parliament in every such Cafe made and provided.

X.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Perfon shall at any time after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, become desirous of obtaining for the Firfi time any Licence to deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or to exercise or carry on any Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which a Licence is required by the find recited Adi of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every such Perfon to have and obtain such Licence for the Remainder of the Year, upon Payment only of the Proportion of the full annual Amount of the Duty, by Law payable upon such Licence, efiimated on the Remainder of such Year, commencing from the End of the Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April* Fifth Day of July, or Tenth Day of OQober next preceding the time of the taking out of such Licence, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the proportionate Rate of Duty To payable upon such Licence, any thing in the said recited Adi or in any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithlianding, and as if the annual Duty had been paid for such Licence; subject nevertheless to all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provifions and Reftridiions as are contained, limited and appointed by the said recited Adi, or any other A€t or Ads with reiped to any such Licence respectively; Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the Satisfadion of the Colledor of the Diftrid’ that any Perfon who shall so for the Firli time apply for any such Licence after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, (nail have actually dealt in, retailed, made, fold, or kept for Sale, or exposed to Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or shall have exercised or carried on any Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which such Licence shall be recjuisite, at any time between the Fifth Day of January next preceding the time when such Perfon shall make Application for futh Licence and the time of making such Application, it shall not be lawful for such Colledor or other Officer m charge as aforesaid, to grant or i(Tue such Licence to such Perfon, unlels and until such Perfon shall pay the full annual Sum payable on such Licence; and in case any Perfon shall have obtained or fhaH obtain any such Licence after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, upon Payment of any less Sum than the full annual Duty by Law payable upon such Licence, and it shall afterwards be discovered that such Perfon had at any time between the Fifth Day of January then next preceding and the Date of such Licence, dealt in, retailed, made, fold, or kept for Sale, or exposed for Sale, any Article* Matter or Thing, or exercised or carried on any Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or Calling, for which such Licence shall be granted, every such Licence mall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Perfon whole Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed unbcensed, and shall be subject to all such Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabifitiei as any Perfon exercising any Bufinefs, TVade, Occupation or Calling without Licence, is by Law subject to, according to the Nature oft Ike Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling.

XI. And

A.D. 1819.	58® GEO. III. C.	106.

XL And be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to repeal or affeiA any of the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Matters or Things contained its any A A or AAs of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the Commencement of this AA, relating to or in refpeA of any Licences granted under the Authority of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irelandf except where the fame is or are expressly altered or repealed by this AA; and that all such Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Matters or Things, shall (except as aforefaid) be and remain in full Force and EffeA to all Intents and Purpofes as if this AA had not been made, and shall be applied in the Execution of this AA as fully and effeAually as if the lame were repeated and re-enaAed in this AA, and the said AAs and this AA shall be construed together as One AA, so far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other.

XII. And be it further enaAed, That the several Sums of Money by this A A made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this A A, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency, and shall and may be raided, levied, colleAed, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in the fame manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, ana by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and DireAions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direAed and expressed for the raising, levying, colleAing, paying, managing, recovering and applying of any Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures in and by an AA made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled Jin A3 for the settling of the Excife or new Imbojl upon His MajeJly, His Heirs and SucceJTors, according to the Book of Kates therein inserted; or in and by an AA made in the Forty (ixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the CommiJJioners of Cujloms and Port Duties asid of the Commi/Jtoners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other AA or AAs in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Excife and Cuftoms, or either of them, as fully and effeAually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Rules and DireAions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enaAed, with the like Remedy of Appeal to or for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by the said AAs or any of them, or in any other AA or AAs, is or shall be provided.

XIII.	And-be it further enaAed, That from and after the T wen tv ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much and such Parts of the said recited AA made in the Fifty fifth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make further Provifions for the issuing of Licences to Perfons to deal in, retailx mate or manufaSure Spirits and other Exctfeable Commodities in Ireland, and for fecurtng the Duties of Excife payable by the Perfons so Ticenfedx shall be repealed, as authoriies the several ColleAors of Inland Excift and Taxes in Ireland, or other Officer or Perfon therein mentioned* upon the Performance of the several Provifoes and Conditions in thet said AA mentioned and continued, to issue Licences for the 84k of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider, Perry, Metheglm or Mead, by Retail, to the fame Perfons, and at and m. 09 Gao, III.	O q	the

Ml

Powers of Aota in force, not hereby altered, extended to this Act.

Exception..

Recovery and Application of* Penalties,-&c. which are to be paid in British cur-rency.

as by 14 & 1 s C. 2. Sega. 4. c.8. (L)

46 O. 3. c. 106*

55	3.	c.	104.

$9.

repealed.

462

C. 106.

52° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

From Sept. 29, 1*19, Licence* granted to such Persons (Exception) as aludl obtain an Order from Justices in Sessions pursuant so 5.t G. 3* **9- S30.

Jfotice to Churchwardens J4 Days before such Application to Sesnons, stating Par. ticulars of Situation, Ac. with Names of Sureties.

JS 0.3- c. 19. $ x. repealed.

the fame Houfes or Places, as shall have been licensed in the Year last immediately preceding; and also to issue Licences for the Purpofes aforesaid to any Perfon or Perfons whom any Three Magif-trates residing within Seven Miles of the Habitation of such Perfon or Perfons mall think proper Perfons to be entrusted with such Licences, and to whom they shall, by Order under their Hands and Seals, direct such Licences to be issued; and the fame is and are herein repealed accordingly.

XIV.	And, for the better preventing the granting of Licences to improper Perfons to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thou fan d eight hundred and nineteen, no Licence shall be granted to any Perfon to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, PoVter, Ale, Cider, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail in any Place (except in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the Diftrift of the Metropolis of Dublin), unless such Perfon shall have made Application to the Ju dices of the Peace at some Sefiions, or Adjournment thereof, and shall have obtained an Order from such Junices for the issuing of fuch' Licence to such Perfon pursuant to the Provifions and Regulations of the said recited Aft patted in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to grant certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Excife able Commodities, in Ireland, in Tieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences ; and to secure the Payment of such Excife Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences ; and to discourage the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland ; any thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithilanding.

XV.	And be it further cnafted. That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Perfon intending to apply for a Licence for the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail shall, Fourteen Days at least before such Perfon shall make such Application at any Sefiions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof for an Order for such Licence, give or cause to be given a Notice in Writing, signed by such Perfon, to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the Pariih or Place wherein the House for which such Perfon shall intend to be licensed shall be situate; and every such Notice shall (late the Intention of such Perfon to make such Application, and shall fet forth the Situation of such House in a true and particular manner, specifying the Town, Townland, Parifh, Barony, Half Barony, and if in a Town or City, the Street, Square, Lane or other Description of Place, and also the Place of Abode of such Perfon, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Perfons whom such Perfon requiring such Licence proposes as Sureties, not being Diftillers or Publicans; and every* such Notice shall be filed and kept by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens to whom the fame shall be given.

’* XVI. And Whereas in and by the said recited Aft of the Fifty

*	fifth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, and the Schedule to the

#	faid Aft annexed, a Duty of Twenty one Pounds Briti/h Cur-4 rency is impoTed and made payable upon any Licence to any f Perfon to (ell Spirituous Liquors, on Comminion or otherwise, \ ip Quantities* hot less than Fifty Galions, the Perfon so felling not

‘ bring

•x.d; i8i<*.

49' GEO. II!.

C. 10«.

Its

*	being a licensed Distiller, or an Importer of Spirit* And Where** $ 70..

*	it is in and by the said recited Ad amongst other things enaded*

% that every Perfon applying for any such Licence shall enter into •* such Bond as in the laid Ad mentioned, conditioned amongst other

*	things, that the Party applying for such Licence shall not fell ot I deliver out any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity at any one time

*	lefs than Fifty Galions; and that it (fall not be lawful for any '• Perfon, other than a licensed Distiller, to fell Spirituous Liquors 4 in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons and not exceeding

*	Fifty Galions: And Whereas the said recited Provifions of the

*	faid A d have been found inconvenientBe it therefore enacted.

That from and after the patting of this Ad, so much of the said Persons Keena«l recited Ad as requires such Condition in' the said Bond shall be 10 repealed; and that any Perfon or Perfona who shall, at the time of shan 50 the passing of this Ad, be licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, shall and may lawfully fell exceeding 257 and deliver out any Spirituous Liquors at any one time in any Gallons. Quantity exceeding Twenty five Galions; and such Perfon shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Ad for felling or delivering out Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons and not exceeding Fifty Gallons ; and that from Licences and after the palling of this Ad it mall and may be lawful for the granted on Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, ^^tnentof *or any Colledor of Excife, or other Officer thereto authorised by ** the "pound, Law, on Payment of such Duty of Twenty one Pounds, together to sell Spirits with One Smiling in the Pound on the Amount thereof, to grant a in Quantities Licence to any Perfon to fell Spirituous Liquors, on Commiluon or n<* le3S than otherwise, in Quantities not less than Twenty five Galions, in any a* fallen* Place in Ireland9 the Perfon so felling not being a licensed Diftilkr or Importer of Spirits, * or to an Importer of Spirits to fell in . like Quantities Spirits not imported by himself; and such Licences shall be granted in such manner as required by Law with respect to ' Licences to fell in Quantities not lets than Fifty Gallons.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Distilien

' any Distiller, licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gal- herein men-lons Content, and to be worked under the Regulations of the said *‘one<i> noftpt° recited Ad of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, so as to be charge- &c^except able as aforesaid with Ninety Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, £ooleraUftwed» to have, keep or make use of any Tube, Pipe, Trunk or Shute, or other Veffel or Utenfil for cooling any Wort, Waft or Pot Ale, other than and except such Cooler of such Defoription, Di men -(ions and - Content as is hereinbefore mentioned; and if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or make use of any Tube, Pipe, Shute,

Trunk or other Veffel or Utenfil for cooling any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, other than and except as aforesaid, then and in every fudh Cafe every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty ye!, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That any Still of or under Such SulUiprb*

* One'hundred Gallons Content, to be worked under the Regu- of the Propor.

lation of the said recited Ad of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, tlon*.he^“ so as to be chargeable with Ninety Charged only of Singlings or mentlon Low Wines, as in the said Ad mentioned, shall be of the Proper-	.t

tion following ; that is to fay, the Diameter of such Still, to be taken in the widest Part thereof, and in that Place of such widest Part as

O o 2	fhall

C. 106.

59* GEO. IIL

4*4

A.D. 181tr

Scfll not con-formsbla for-fsitad; and Fanaky aool.

Distiller* licensed to keep Stills of any Content

gits Notice of certain Particulars as to r Workings.

shall be most remote from the. Bbttom of such Still, shall not be greater than the Altitude of such Still, such Altitude to be afcer-tained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken to the Bottom of such Still, nor shall the Bottom of such Still be otherwise curved than inwards, or towards the Body of such Still; and in case any Still which shall not be conformable to the Proportions aforesaid, shall be found in the Poffefiion of any Dif-tiller bound to keep any Still under the Regulations of the {aid recited Aft of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, so as to be chargeable with Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid, every such Still not conformable as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and every such Diftiller shall forfeit the -Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Diftiller of Ireland, licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills ot any Content whatsoever (except a Still to be worked so as to be charge-(except Stills	*kle in respect of Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines

chargeable with *8 aforefaid), shall insert in the several Notices which he is hound 90 Chargee) to by Law to give before he commences or recommences to work a “ ^ Still, or shall give Notice in like manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still or Stills of such Diftiller shall oe chargeable an working, that such Diftiller purposes to work any Still or Stills m his Poffefiion, during the next succeeding Period, with Turf only, not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Diftiller shall for any such Period during which such Still or Stills shall be worked witn no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates specified in any Aft or Afts in force) from Five Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable under any Aft in force in Ireland, and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to such Rates, from all Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Diftiller shall actually distil within fuch' Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from such Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings as aforesaid.

Distillers under XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful 57O.J. c. ii<x for any Diftiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred alnebie of°le” Gallons Content, and who shall work the fame under the Rwa-oonteinln^ lotions of an Aft made in the Fifty seventh Year of His preieot mater	Majefty’s Reifpi, intituled An A3 to make further Regulations fir

5ty thania Ph>- the better colle3$ng and feeuring the Duties on Spirits drilled in Ireland, gwdon of is f0 as to be chargeable as in the said Aft is mentioned in respect of Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, to have, jbejdl or use airy Cooler for cooling any Worts, Wa(h or Pot Ale whxcfe shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion ofTwelve Gallons for every One Galloa of the Content of the Still which such Diftiller shall be licensed tv} -keep, nor to have, keep or use any mater Number of Coolers than One Cooler j and if any such Diftiller shall have, keep or use any Cooler which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate aforesaid, or shall have, keep or use any greater

Number

Gallons for •vary Gallon Content of

>&c.

J; and jr 50L

A.D.181*

59° GEO. Ill*

Cl 06.

m

Number of Coolers' than one Cooler, every such Cooler which shall be of a greater Content than as aforesaid, and eveiy Second or further Cooler, together with the Contents thereof relpedively, shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty rounds.

XXL And be it further enacted, That it (nail not be lawful for any Diftiller whatever in Ireland to put, or cause or suffer or permit to be put, any Worts, Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in any Still, or to have or keep, or cause or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire under any Still at any time between the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Sunday* any Charge or Charges on such Diftiller in refpeff of any Period of Four Weis, or Twenty eight Days, or any other Matter or Thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Diftillation of Spirits to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; and if any Worts, Waft, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found in the Still of any Diftiller whatever in Ireland* or if any Diftiller shall have or keep, or cause or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire under any Still, or if any Fire shall be found under the Still of any Diftiller at any time between the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Sunday* then and in every such Cafe every such Diftiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five nundred Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That there shall at all times, between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Sunday, be a free Paffage and Accefs into every Diftiilery, and also into such Parts or Places thereof where any Still shall then be situate; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife, or Juftice of the Peace, or any Churchwarden of the Parift or Place where such Diftiilery shall be situate, to enter into such Diftiilery at all times between the said Hours, and to examine each and every Still, and every Furnace or Fireplace which shall be then situate in such Diftiilery; and if any Juftice of the Peace, Officer of Excife or Churchwarden, shall be wilfully delayed in obtaining Accefs to any Still of any Distiller, or shall be in any manner prevented or hindered from immediately examining any Still of any Distiller, every such Diftiller shall, in each and every such Cafe, forfeit the Sum of Fiv? hundred Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or Securing the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, shall be applied and put in Pradice in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Ads or any of them, had been expreSdy repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and made applicable to the Provifions herein contained, except so far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Ad or any other Ad or Ads; and the said Ads and this Ad shall be construed together as One Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, so fur as the fame are compatible or con-

O o S	fiftent

No Worts is bo put Into Still, or Fir# put under it, between Hours of Six end Six of any Sunday.

Penalty jeet

Access to Justice, Churchwarden, or Excise Officer into Distillery.

Delaying Access or bin*

drring Examination.

Penalty 500L

Former Acts in force for securing Duties on Spirits extended to this Act.

if*	G	10<S)	107.	*9°	GEO.	ill.	Att).	talk.

fiftent with each other, and at the said Ads are amended and altered by this A6t.

CAP. CVII.

An Ad to confolidatc and amend several Ads for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protedion of certain Goods in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

*	XT/HE REAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to the

v	1	VV issuing or granting of Permits and Certificates for the Con

*	veyance and Protedion of certain Goods in Ireland, and relating :

•	to Reqiieft Notes or Requifitions for such Permits or Certificates, •

•	fhould be rendered more effedualBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Ad, an Ad

40 G. 3. c. 68. made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His 00	prefent	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for better regulating the

fiuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and' Protedion of certain Excifeable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent' Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, shall be repealed ; and also that an Ad made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom 45 9r. 3. c. ‘ of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to continue9 until the Twenty math Day of September One thousand eight hundred andJive, and amend an A3 made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Tear of Hie present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protedion of certain Excifeable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, so far as the fame respects Permits fir Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, shall be repealed ; and also that an Ad,

48	G. 3. t 8*. made in the Forty eighth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make perpetual and to amend several A3s for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ana Protedion of certain Excifeable Goods in Ireland, shall and %c much of he repealed ; and also that so much and such Parts of* tjbe several Ads hereinafter mentioned shall be repealed as in any way relates or relate to or concern Permits for Excifeable Commodities, or Cer-tificates of such Permits, or Requisitions or Requeft - Notes for Permits or Certificates ; that is to lay, so much and such Parts only as aforesaid of an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in 8? G. 3. Ok 4*. the Thirty seventh Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An .

A3 for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, ana for feaXring the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufadure of Tobacco; and also 89 G. 3. (I.) of an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for grant™ unto Hts MajeJly the several Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or made Wines, Mead and Vinegar, and for feturing the Colledion thereof; and also of an Ad made in the Parliament of the said United Kingdom 43 G. |. s. 97. in the Forty third Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled Ah * 7*	A3 to amend several Ads of Parliament for the better Colledion esrfd

Smrtiy of His Majfiy's Revenue of Gifioms and Exeife in Ireland,

and

A. D. 1849.	*9° GEO. IIL C.	107,

and far preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and also of One other AA made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to male further Provifions for the tffidng of Licences to Perfons to deal in, retailf _ male or manufacture Spiriti and other Excifcable Commodities m Ireland, and for fecurmg the Duties of Excife payable by ‘ the Perfons so licensed; and the said hereinbefore recitea A As of the Fortieth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, and so much.jand such Part as aforesaid of the said other AAs hereinbefore recited, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed accordingly ; save and except so far as the said fereral above recited A As or any of them, or any Part thereof, repeal or repeals any former AA or A As, or Part or Parts of any former AA or AAs ; and also save and except so far as the said AAs or any of them relate or relates to the prosecuting, suing for, recovering, levying or paying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture againil the said AAs, or any ot them, which shall have been or shall be committed on or before tne Commencement of this AA; and that all and every the Regulations and Provisions, Pbwers and Authorities, contained in the (aid recited AAs or any of them, shall be and remain in full Force and EffeA for the prosecuting, suing for, recovering, levying or paying any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, as if this AA had not been made.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of an AA made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majefty^ Reign, intituled An AS to grant Duties of Cufionu, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties pn certain Goods, Wares and Merchandsfe imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Cufloms in Ireland, as declares it to be lawful for Importing Merchants in Ports in Ireland, where Tobacco may be imported, to give Certificates for all such Coffee, Sugar or Tea as they shall fell to Perfons redding within the fame Port or Place where they shall have imported the lame, of the several Parcels or Quantities of such Coffee, Sugar or Tea, which they shall have fold, and that such Certificates (nail have the fame Force and EffeA as Permits, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the pafling qf this AA, so much of an A A made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to make further Provifion

for the Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commifioncrs of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Comimjffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland, as enaAs that every Excife Office for the receiving of Requeff Notes for Permits or issuing of Permits, shall be kept open from Sunrife to Sunfet on every Day of the Yeari except the Days therein excepted, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV.	Ana be it further enaAed, That from and after the passing of_ this AA, every Office for issuing Permits or Certificates (nail be kept open on every Day of the Year, except Sundays, Chriflmas Duty, and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a general Faft or Thankfgiving, ana also the Anniverfaries of the Keftoration of Hia Majelty King Charles the

Oo I	Second,

m

and S5 G. 3-0. xo*. $ 16. as herein mentioned repeeled.

except Recovery of Forfeiture!.

55 G. 3. 0.8s. f 18.

repealed.

49 G. 3. e.n6> Hi*

repealed.

Timet for keeping open Offices for issuing Permits ot Certificates.

5«fc

C. 107.

89* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

to settle time that Permits shallbeinfbree.

Table thereof transmitted to Officers for issuing Permits.

Permit granted without a Request Note void.

Request Note to contain certain Particulars.

Second, and of the Coronation and of the Birthday of His Majesty, and of the Birthday of His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales% from the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September following, and from the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day, from the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, to and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March following,

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties and the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, according to their respective Jurifdi&ions, or any Three, of them respectively, and they are hereby respectively authorised, to afeertain and fettle such reasonable time or times for which any Permit or Permits shall be of force for the Conveyance of any Goods from one Place to another; and the said Commissioners respectively, having ascertained and fettled such time or times, shall caule a Table thereof to be signed by the Secretary of such Commissioners respectively, and to be transmitted to the several Officers appointed or to be appointed for granting or issuing of Permits; and whenever any such Table shall be so transmitted, the Officer or Officers to whom the fame shall be sent, shall, in inferring the time or times for which any Permit or Permits shall be in force, conform to such Table, and regulate the time or times for which such Permit or Permits shall be of force accordingly ; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to alter such Table from time to time as to them respectively shall seem expedient.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Permit, nor any Certificate of or grounded on any Permit, shall be granted by any Officer employed by or acting under the Commissioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland respectively, nor by any other Pfcrfon .or Perfons empowered to grant any such Permit or Certificate, until a Requeft Note or Requifition m Writing shall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring Tuch Permit or Certificate respectively; and that any Permit or Certificate which shall be granted without a Requeft Note or Requifition being delivered in manner required by this A&, shall be actually void, and shall not protect any Goods, Wares or Merchandise mentioned ift such Permit or Certificate.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Requeft Note or Requifition which shall be delivered for any Permit, shall contain the Date thereof, and the Name of the Place from which, and the Place to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and the Diftance between such Places respectively, and the Name of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or City or Town, in which the Place to which the Goods are to be sent is situate, and the particular Hour at which the Force of such Permit ftuB be required to commence, and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, particular Kind and Quantity of Goods to be conveyed under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Names and Surnames and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons fending such Goods, or in case of a Company or Copartnership, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnership, and ot the Perfon or Perfons to whom to be lent, and the Situation of the Store or

FUc«

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO.

&107.

569

Place from which and to which such Goods are to be sent, together with such other Particulars as the Commiffionen of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct or appoint; and in case of a Permit for Spirituous Liquors made in Ireland, the Number of Calks and Veflels in which such Spirituous Liquors shall be contained, and the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors contained in each such Calk or Veffel.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Stamp Duty shall be payable on any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majefty’s Revenue, or other Perfon duly authorised to grant the fame, relative to any Excifeable or other Goods, or on any Requeft Note or Re-quifition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law, any thing in the said recited A 61 of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or in any other Aft or A61s to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that so much of an Aft made in the Fifty lixth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An A8 to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several A8s for the ColleShm and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effeSual Regulations for colleSing and managing the said Duties, and of the Schedule to the said Aft annexed, as imposes or grants any Stamp Duty on any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majefty's Revenue, or other Perfon duly authorised to grant the fame, relative to any Excifeable or other Goods, and on any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law, shall from and after the said First Day of August cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Permits shall be signed by the proper Officer, and shall be in such Form, and shall contain such Particulars, as shall from time to time be directed by the Commidioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Exdfe and Taxes, according to their respective Jurifdiftions, or any Three of them respectively ) and also the several following Particulars, that is to fay, the Date and Number, and the Diftrift whence ifTued, and the Place from which, and the Place to which the Goods therein mentioned are purported to be carried; and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, particular Kind and Quantity of Goods purported to be conveyed under such Permit; and shall like-wife contain the real Names and Surnames and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons fending such Goods, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom by such Permit such Goods are purported to be sent, or in case of a Company or CopartneHhip, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnerftiip; and the particular Store and Place from which and to which such Goods shall by such Permit be purported to be sent; and in default of any of the Particulars aforesaid being inserted in such Permit, the Goods mentioned in such Permit shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; and in case any fictitious Name or Names shall be inserted ixs any Permit, or in case the Goods shall be sent from any other Perfon or Place, or shall be delivered to any other Perfon or at any other Place, than from the Perfon and Place, and to the Perfon apd at the Place mentioned respectively in the Permit, the Goods mentioned

From Aqgi I* 1819, Request Notes not subject to Stamp Duty.

56 G. 3. c. 56. $i, andSchesL pert 1. Tit.

'* Request Note*1 repealed.

Permits to be signed by proper Officer, end to be in a certain Form, and to contain certain Particulars.

Default of Plsrv ticulare, insert, ing fictitious Name, not delivering, &e. Goods acooed-(*g to Perm*

«7Q

a 107.

39« GKO. 111.

A.D.1810.

Penally, 'rime to be mentioned in Permit, &c.

Penalty. Erasure Ac. in Permit.

Penalty.

Carrying certain Articles above Quantity herein mentioned without Permit, liable to Forfeiture.

mere IMi,

Ac. exceeding Weights herein mentioned arc seised for want of Permit, Horse, Car-; riage, Ac. also forfeited.

On Proof that permit rm* lost.

tiooed therein (hatl be forfeited; and may be fetaed by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife ; and in every Permit shall likewise be mentioned the time limited for fiich Permit to be of force for the Conveyance of such Goods from one Place to another* and after the Expiration of such limited time such Permit shall not be of force for pro-teding. the Conveyance of such Goods, and the fame* if found conveying after the Expiration of such time, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; and every Permit in which there shall be any Erasure,. Interlineation or Alteration* shall be null and void, and tne Goods conveying or conveyed* for'the Protection of which any erased, interlined or altered Permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited* and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all Foreign Wines exceeding the Quantity of Four Gallons all Spirituous Liquors whatever exceeding the Quantity of One Gallon ; all Vinegar, Metheglin or Mead, or Wines made in Great Britain or Ireland, exceeding re-, fpedtively the Quantity of Four Galions; all Tobacco or Snuff' exceeding respectively the Weight of Two Pounds; all Coffee exceeding the Weight of Two Pounds;, all Malt exceeding the Quantity of Half a Barrel; all Sugar exceeding the Weight of Fifty fix Pounds; all Hops exceeding the Weight of Fifty fix Pounds; all Tea exceeding the Weight of Two rounds; and all Foreign Silks in Pieces exceeding Haft Pieces; and all Eqfl India Goods, other than Spiceries, that shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place in Ireland to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of any City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place* may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife, and shall be fokfeited, unless the Carrier or Perfon conveying the fame, or the Perfon in whole Poffeffion the fame shall be, shall, on demand made by any such Officer, produce to such Officer a Permit* pursuant to the Provifions of this Ad* authorising the Removal of such Goods* and shall allow such Officer to iniped and examine such Permit.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any .Malt or Spirituous Liquors, or whenever any Tobacco or Snuff, exceeding the Weight of Ten Pounds, shall be seized by reaibn or on account of a Permit authorising the Removal of such Malt, Spirituous Liquors, Tobacco or Snuff, not being produced as required by this Ad, then and in every such Cafe, beiides the Forfeiture of such respective Goods, every Horse or other Bead, and every Cart, Car or other Carriage, and every Boat or other Veffel, carrying, bearing, drawing or containing any such Goods, shall, with all Tackle thereto belonging, be forfeited, and may be seized.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in case of the Lofs of any Permit which shall have been or shall be duly granted for the Removal of any Goods, if the Carrier or Perfon in whole Poffeffion such Goods shall be found shall make Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, of the Circumftances of the Lofs of such Permit; and if the Perfon or Perfons who shall have sent such Goods under such Permit fluff also make Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, before any CommiffiDnff of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or Commifiioner of Inland Excife and Taxes* according, to their respective Jurifdidions* or before the

Colledot

A.D. 1910.

5*> GEO. UL

C\ 107*'

57ft

Collector of Cuftomsor Excife respectively, or before'any Sub Com-

mifiloner of Cuftoms or Excife witliin their respective Diftri&s, that

such Permit was not used, or intended to be used, to his Knowledge or that Permit

or Belief, fraudulently to cover or protect any other Goods, but was ™

taken out for the particular Goods so found in the Poffeflion of such J^Sftuidu-

Carrier or other Perfon, such Goods shall thereupon be restored to lently.

the Owner or Proprietor thereof, and a new Permit shall be granted Goods restored,

to such Owner or Proprietor for the Removal of the Goods to the &c.

Place of their Deftination.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Carriage of any Time limited

Goods shall, by any unavoidable Accident, be prevented from being by Permit manfully performed within the time limited in any Permit granted for 0,1 Nptice be the Removal thereof, then, on Notice being immediately given to	.

any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, and a Reft or Stay being made thereofT”6” * of such Goods at or near* the Place where such Accident (hall

happen, the Officer shall without Delay repair to the Place where * such Goods shall then be, and if such Officer shall find that such Goods were stopped or delayed in their Carriage by such Accident, then such Officer shall thereupon, by Endorsement on such Permit, enlarge the time for the Carriage of such Goods to the Place of theip first Deftination.

XIV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where When Entergy the Carriage of any Goods shall, by means of any unavoidable mentoftnn* Accident, be prevented from being performed within the time limited

by the Permit, and when such Enlargement of the time of the Force or such Permit could not have been obtained as aforesaid, then in all ptooTAst such Cases, upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture fhity has been of all such Goods for Want of a sufficient Permit, such Goods shall paid, &c.

. be restored upon Proof being made to the Satisfa&ion of the Court who shall try such Information, that the Duties chargeable on the fame were paid, secured or satisfied according to Law, and that ' such Permit was taken out for the identical Goods seized, and that such Permit was not used or intended to be used to cover or protect any other Goods, and that such Delay arose from unavoidable Accident, and that such Enlargement or the time of the Force of the Permit as aforesaid could not have been obtained; or before any Proceeding instituted for the Forfeiture of such Goods, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties,	7

or of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them respectively, on Proof made to their Satisfa&ion of the Matters aforesaid, to order > the Goods to be restored.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That any Officer granting any With Pormit''

Permit for Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, shall give there- for Spirits, with a Ticket for each and every Calk or Veffel mentioned in fuch	to

Permit; and the Ticket or Tickets so to be given with such Permit

shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progreffion, beginning with the which it shall * Number One, and shall contain the Number and Date of the Permit, be put, de-die Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom granted, the scribing the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom and the Place Content\ from and to which the Ca(k or Veffel is to be sent, the Number of	f

Gallons of Spirituous Liquors contained in such Calk or Veffel, and the time such Permit is to remain in Force, with the Officer’s Name fubferibed thereto ; and before the Removal of the Ca(k dr Veffel containing r such Spirituous Liquors, the Ticket'which (hall

correfpond



C. 107.

59* GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

fcfot iiiog Ticket to Caak, &c

Penalty. Preventing Ticket from remaining on Caak.

Penalty.

Removing Ticket or drawing Spirits fVom Caak, till ex-amined by Officer, or Casks found without Ticket, 4c.

Penalty.

Permit to be lodged within a limited time with the proper Officer, who is to examine the Goods, and take Affidavit ns to certain Particulars from the Person co whom the Goods have been delivered.

correfpond with the Contents of such Calk or VefTel shall be affixed on the Head or End thereof (with Pafle made or composed of Flour and Water boiled together to a proper and sufficient Confidence), in such manner as that the Contents of such Ticket shall legibly appear; or in default of affixing and fattening such Ticket as de-feribed as afore laid, in manner aforesaid, and cozrefponding in the Particulars aforesaid, or if any Cafk or VefTel containing such Spirituous Liquors shall be found conveying without such Ticket so fattened on the Head or End of such Cask, the Spirituous Liquors, and the Cafk or Cafks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; or if any Matter, Subttance or Thing, save and except the Pafte by which such Ticket shall have been affixed or fattened to the Head or End of such Cafk or VefTel, shall be applied to or put between such Ticket and the Head or End of such Cafk or Veflel, so as to prevent such Ticket from fattening and remaining thereon pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, then and in every such Cafe respectively, the Spirituous Liquors, and the Cafk containing* the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That such Ticket shall not be removed from the Head or End of the Cafk or VefTel on which it shall have been patted and fattened, and that the Spirituous Liquors, or any Part thereof, shall not be drawn from such Cafk or VefTel, until the fame shall be examined by the proper Officer, and the Permit, by virtue of which such Spirituous Liquors shall have been conveyed, shall be lodged with him, and his Certificate thereof obtained; and if any fuen Cafk or VefTel shall be found, before such Certificate shall be granted, without such Ticket thereon, or if the Spirituous Liquors, or any Part thereof, shall be drawn from such Cafk or VefTel before such. Certificate shall be granted, the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Spirituous Liquors were conveying or conveyed shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Galkm of the Spirituous Liquors which such Cafk or VefTel shall be capable of containing, and the Cafk in which the fame shall have been contained, together with all Spirituous Liquors so conveying or conveyed, or which shall be difeovered to have been so conveyed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Goods shall be Tent and delivered, for the Conveyance of which a Permit is by this A& required, shall within Twenty four Hours, or in case a Sunday or Cbrtftmas Day or Good Friday flull intervene, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Goods at the Place of their Deftination, or after the Expiration of the time limited in such Permit, whichever shall soonest happen, repair with such Permit to the proper Officer of Excife, and shall lodge the fame with him; and every such Officer shall, within Twenty* four Hours after such Permit shall have been so lodged with him* carefully examine such Goods, and upon Affidavit, Oath or Affirm. ation made at the Foot of, or endorsed on the Duplicate of tfee Certificate, by the Perfon to whom such Goods shall be delivered* or, in case of his or her Inability to attend, by his or her ksown Clerk, which Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hrrrbj authorised and required to adminitter without Fee or &cjnurd>

A.D.18I9.

*9* GEO. nr.

C. 107.

578

the Goods mentioned in such Permit, and no more, were, to the beft

of the knowledge and belief of such Perfon, really and truly brought

from the Perfon and from the Place mentioned m such Permit, and

that such Goods were received by and are in the Pofieffion of the

Perfon on whose behalf such Certificate shall be applied for, and

that the said Permit was not, to the knowledge or belief of fuch

Perfon so making such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, used for the

Removal or Prote&ion of any Goods, other than the identical

Goods mentioned in such Permit, and received therewith by fuch

Perfon, Jisch Officer shall, without Fee or Reward, give and deliver Certificate

to the Perfon bringing such Permit, a Certificate signed by such for

Officer that such Permit was lodged with him; and which Certificate	°r..

shall contain in the Body thereof a Copy of such Permit, without	m

Endure or Aiteration, and the Day of granting such Certificate,

and shall be in such Form as the Comroiffioners of Inland Excife

and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint; and such Certificate shall pro ted the Goods so long as the fame shall continue of force: Provided always, that whenever any Wine shall have been duly removed by Permit, according to Law, into the Pofieffion of any Perfon in Ireland not concerned in the felling of or dealing in Wine, for the private Ufe and Confumption of such Perfon, such Perfon shall not be required, or compelled or compellable to lodge such Permit with any Officer of Excife, nor to obtain any Certificate thereof from such Officer; and that no such Wine in the Pofieffion of any such Perfon in Ireland, for the private Ufe and Confumption of such Perfon, shall be liable to Forfeiture or Seizure, nor shall be forfeited or seized for or on account of the notproducing the Certificate of such Permit.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Certificate shall be in force, or shall pro ted or cover any Goods for any longer time than for the Space of Three Calendar Months after such Certificate shall be granted ; and that at or before the End or Expiration of such time, and so from time to time at or before the End or Expiration of every subsequent Period of Three Calendar Months, the proper Officer shall, upon Application made to him for that Purpole, grant, without Fee or Reward, a new Certificate for such Goods, or for so much thereof as shall appear to such Officer, upon Examination thereof, to be on hand and undisposed of at the time of such new Certificate being granted; and so from time to time the former Certificate shall be delivered up to the Officer granting such new Certificate.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers of Excife shall take an Account of the Stock of all Retailers of and Dealers in any of the Goods in this A& mentioned, and shall keep a full and true Account thereof in a Book to be called a Certificate Book, to be given to such Retailer or Dealer, and to be kept by him as herein mentioned $ and every such Officer shall on every Vifit enter in such Book an Account of the Stock so taken by him; and in all Cafes where a Permit shall be required for the fub-feqnent Removal of any Goods, the Retailer or Dealer shall produce to the Permitting Officer his said Certificate Book, and opposite to the Officer’s Account of Stock the Retailer or Dealer shall enter the Quantity of the Goods to be permitted, and the Name and Names of the Perfon or Perfons from whoip and to whom, and the Place

from

Permit for Wine removing for private Use, not required to be lodged.

Certificate to be in force Three Months only; but may be renewed without Pea.

Officer to take Account of ' Stock of Dealers, and enter tame into Dealer's Certificate Book.

Dealers to enter therein Quantity of Goods

C. 107.

59° geo. m.

A.D. 181t.

Certificate Book to be delivered up Quarterly.

Penalty led. and no Permit.

Certificate to be fastened in Certificate Book.

Permit not granted unless Person apply* ing entitled to corresponding CtedibADd make .Oath, &«.

If Certificate not fastened. Entry not a Protection.

Permit for Removal of Goods imported, to be lodged at Excise Office, and Qtrtiftffrte obtidtad.

from which and to which to be sent, and the fame shall be signed hr such Retailer or Dealer, or by his known Clerk; and every fucn Retailer or Dealer shall, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of April\ the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0 Sober, and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, as the Cafe may be, deliver every fucn Certificate Book to the proper Officer of Excife, or in any Default thereof shall, in all or any of the said Cafes respectively, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and no Permit shall be granted for the Removal of any of the Goods aforesaid from any Retailer or Dealer, after he or (he ought to have so delivered such Certificate Book as aforesaid, until he or (he shall have so delivered up the fame.

XX* And be it enacted, That every Certificate shall be fastened in such Certificate Book by the Retailer or Dealer, and shall so remain . until the Force of such Certificate or Certificates, from time to time to be granted as aforesaid, shall have expired, and a new Certificate shall have been obtained in the Place of the fame, for so much of the Goods as shall remain on Hands at the End of each Quarter, or until the Whole of the Quantity contained in the Certificate shall be dif-pofed of, whichever shall soonest happen ; and such new or Quarterly Certificate shall be fastened by the Retailer or Dealer in such Certificate Book, and which (hail in like manner so remain therein whilst any Part of the Goods for which the original Permit had been granted shall remain on Hands ; and no Officer (nail grant any Permit on the Credit of such Certificate Book, unless it shall appear by the Certificate annexed thereto, that the Perfon applying for such Permit * is entitled to Credit for the Quantity of Goods for which he or (he requires such Permit, nor unless such Perfon, or his or her principal Clerk, make Oath or Affirmation, as the Cafe may be, that the Goods for which he or (he requires such Permit, were received with a legal Permit, and that the Duties thereon have been duly paid, to the best of his or her knowledge and belief; and no Entry of any Officer in any Book shall be fumcient to protect any Goods from Forfeiture and Seizure, unleft the Certificate purfnant to the Provifions aforesaid shall remain fastened to the said Certificate Book.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandife whatever imported into Ireland, for the Removal of which from any one Place to another a Permit is by Law required, shall be intended to be removed out of the Cuftodv of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or from any Warehouse in which the fame shall have been lodged and secured, a Permit shall be granted by the Permit Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port from which such Goods, Wares or Merchandife are to be removed; and that upon the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandife at the Place of Deftination, the Perfon to whom the fame shall be sent, or in case of his or her Inability to attend, the known Clerk of such Perfon, shall within Twenty four Hours, or in case a Sunday* Gbrifimas Day or Good Friday shall intervene, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandife at the Place of their Deftination, or after the time limited in such Permit, lodge such Permit at the Excife Permit Office, or with the Surveyor or Officer of Excife, and obtain a Certificate thereof, signed by the proper Officer pursuant to the Provifions of this Ad.

XXII- And

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. 1H.

C. 107.

575

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Oafh to be Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife, according to their respective “tl°f Jurifdi&ions, granting or renewing any Permit or Certificate, to ^fore examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation he Permit or Cer-m hereby authori fed and required to adminifter), any Perfon or	i« given.

1 Perfon a applying for such Permit or Certificate, whether the Duty was actually paid for the Goods for wliich such Permit or Certificate shall be so demanded, and also the Identity of such Goods, and to all	•	^

such Matters as shall appear to such Officer or Officers necefiary to fadsfy him or them that the Duties payable on such Goods had been duly paid ; and if any such Perfon shall refuse to take such Oath er Affirmation, as such Officer shall in that behalf require him or her to take, it shall be lawful for such Officer to refuse to grant or renew such Permit or Certificate.

XXIII.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Premise* ta*y any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife to enter into any House, Out- b* tnamsd-sad house, Store or other Place, belonging to any Perfon or Perfona	^

dealing in, storing or having in his, her or their Cuftody or Pdffeffioa ^'p^uced, any o? the Goods in this A& specified, and to demand a Permit, or Proof given signed by the proper Officer, for such Goods as shall be founa that it h*s been therein ; and on demand made by any such Officer of Cuftoms h*1* or Excife, such Permit, or a Certificate in force sufficient to protect torfefced. the said Goods according to the Provifions of this A&, shall not be produced within reasonable time after such Demand, or Proof	,	'

made that such Permit or Certificate had been granted for the said Goods, and was afterwards loft or mifiaid, then all such Goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of	1

Cuftoms or Excife.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Increaf* Increase of shall be found in the Stock of any Perfon dealing in or (taring any Stock Babb to such Goods as aforesaid, above the Quantity which, by Permit or Forfeiture*

Permits, or by Certificate or Certificates, ought to be in the Poffeflion

of such Perfon, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife to seize, out of any Part of the Stock of such Perfon, a Quantity of any such Goods equal to the Quantity so found increased, and the fame shall be forfeited.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That in every Cafe where the Where Stock Stock of Spirituous Liquors in the Stores or Poffeflion of any Fa&or of Spirits lest or other Perfon dealing in or storing Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, th*n Officer** not being licensed to lell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be less ^^tTcm Cornet than the Quantity of Spirituous Liauors which by the Stock (not being Account kept by the Officer of Excite ought to be in4the Stores licensed).

or Poffeflion of such Fadtar or other Perfon, every such Fa&or or other Perfon shall for every time such Decreafe shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirituous Liquors which shall be so deficient.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Queftion shall arise Proof of Id*n-whether any Goods for the Conveyance or Prote&ion of which any ^9 ^

Permit or Certificate shall be produced, are bondJide such Goods as np0n are described and specified in such Permit or Certificate, the Proof of such Goods being really and bonjiRde of the Defcription specified in such Permit or Certificate shall lie upon the Owner ortlaiirfer thereof.	.	*

' *	XXVII. And

576

C. 107*

59° GEO. III.

A.T). 1819.

Officer not to grant Permit on Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless Person applying shall not have sufficient Credit an One.

Certificates or Endorsement unduly ekerad,

vefced.

Penalty tool. Dealers not admitting Officers to inspect Pro*

Penalty 50I. Refusing to shew Stock, or to furnish lights, Scales, Ike. to Officer.

Ptnakyaoli

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excife to grant any Permit for any Goods on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless the Perfon applying for such Permit shall not have sufficient Credit on one Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Goods for which such Permit shall be required 5 and every Officer granting any Permit for any such Goods, upon the Credit of any Certificate or Certificates, shall endorfe on such Certificate or Certificates the Date and Number of such Permit, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods for which the fame shall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Caflcs, Veffels or other Packages, or Mark and Number of the Ca(k, VefTel or other Package containing the fame, and the Name of the Perfon to whom and the Place to which such Goods are to be carried under such Permit.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any such Certificate, or any of such Endorsements made thereon, shall be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, it shall and may be lawful for the (aid Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, to annul or revoke or withdraw any Licence which ftiall have been granted under the Authority of such Commiflioner to the Perfon or Perfons whose Certificate, or any Endorfement thereupon, shall have been so erased, obliterated or altered; and every such Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excife shall not be admitted into any House, Shop, Store or other Place belonging to any Dealer in or Retailer of any Goods, for the Removal of which a Permit is required by this A&, after such Officer shall have demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Bufinefs, and after having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made at such House, Shop, Store or other Place, such Dealer or Retailer aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon dealing in, storing, or having in his or her Poffeffion any of the Goods for which a Permit is by this A& required, shall, as often as he or (he shall be required by any Officer of Excife, (hew to such Officer all his or her Stock of all and every such Goods, and every Box or Prefs, Package, Cheft, Calk or Veffel, used by him or her in the storing or kieping the fame, and shall fumifh such Officer with sufficient Light, and with just and sufficient Scales, Weights and Meafures for weighing and measuring such Stock, and shall provide proper and fumcknt Affiftants for that Purpose; and if any such Perfon shall not, on demand of any Officer as aforesaid, (hew his or her Stock of all or any of the Goods aforesaid, and every Part thereof, or shall not fumifh such Officer with sufficient Light, or with just and sufficient Scales, Weights or Measures, or shall not provide proper aud sufficient Affiftants to weigh or measure the fame, as the case may be, or shall not declare the Stock of all or any of such Goods so (hewn to be the entire Stock of such Goods respectively then on Hands of fuck Perfon, every such Perfon offending in any of the respective Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sam of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers aforesaid shaft, upon Search, discover any such Goods in the Poffeffion of an^ fuch

I

1

A.D. 1819.

59* GKO. III.

C.I07.

577

Perfon which shall not have been (hewn as aforesaid, theft all such Goods so difeovered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Perfon licensed to fell Spirits to fend or deliver out, under any Permit, any Spirits which shall be of a less Degree of Strength than the Strength at which such Perfon shall have received the fame ; and if any such Perfon shall so fend or deliver out under Permit any Spirits which shall be of a less Strength than as aforesaid, all fuen Spirits which shall be fa sent out or delivered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, and every such Perfon. shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds : Provided always, that no such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred, nor any faph Seizure made, for or by reason of any Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits not more than Three per Centum below the Strength of such Spirits specified in such Permit; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Spirits di(billed in Ireland\ and upon which the full Duties payable by Law shall not have been paid, secured or satisfied, shall be conveyed or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons, or shall be found passing or in the course of Conveyance or Delivery to, or in the Cuftody or Pof-feffion of any Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Perfon who shall have obtained or made use of such Permit, or in whose Name or for whose Ufe such Permit shall be granted, shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings British Currency for every Gallon of Spirits mentioned in such Permit or Permits, by virtue or under pretext whereof such Spirits shall have been conveyed, or shall be found passing or in the course of Conveyance, or in the Cuftody or PofTeffion of .any Perfon, and all such Spirits shall be forfeited and may be seized ; and every Officer of Excife who shall knowingly or wilfully grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any such Spirits, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency ; and the Proof that all Duties have been paid, secured or satisfied on such Spirits, shall lie on the Claimant, or Defendant.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever in Ireland shall obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, any Permit for the Removal from one Place to .another of any Goods, f within the time limited in such Permit, all the Goods by such Permit authorised to be removed shall not be actually and really removed and delivered pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in case such Goods shall not be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons and at the Place mentioned in such Permit as/ the Perfon or Perfons to whom and the Place to which such Goods are by such Permit purported to be conveyed, then and in every fiicli respective Cafe and Cafes aforesaid the Perfon or Perfons obtaining or procuring such Permit, or causing such Permit to be obtained or procured, or the Perfon or Perfons for whose Ufe or Benefit, whether in part or in the whole, such Permit shall be obtained or procured, shall forfeit for all such Goods named in such Permit the respective Sums or Penalties hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fayr for every Gallon of Wine, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every Cjraxlon of Spirituous Liquors, the Sum of Ten Shilling's ; for every

59 Geo. III.	P	p	Pound

and Officer may seize Goods not shewn.

Spirits sent out of a less Degree of Strength than received, forfeited, and Penalty ycL

Deficiency of 3 per Cent, in Strength allowed.

Spirits on which Duty has not been paid not' ' protected by Permit.

Penalty and Forfeiture of Spirits.

Officer unduly granting Permit, Penalty aocl. British.

Persons not removing or delivering Goods according to Permit, &c. f Sic*

Penalties.

578

C. 107.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Permit not lodged within time limited.

Penalty aol.

Duplicates of Permits or Certificates to contain certain Particulars.

Such Duplicate sufficient.

Duplicates Proof of issuing Permits or Certificate.

Pound Weight of Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee or Tea respectively, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of Hops or Sugar respectively, the Sum of Twenty Shillings ; for every Gallon of Metheglin, Mead, Sweats or Made Wines, or Vinegar, the Sum of Five Shillings ; for every Piece of Silk, and for every Article of East India Goods, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the said Penalties or Sums c£ Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unless Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants that all the Goods for the Removal of which such Permit was so obtained or procured were actually brought from the Perfon and Place mentioned in such Permit, and were actually delivered to the Perfon and at the Place expressed in such Permit.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Permit, which shall be sent with any Goods to any Dealer in or Retailer of such Goods, frail not be lodged with the proper Officer within the respective times limited and appointed for the lodging of such Permit, then and in every such Cafe every such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the Duplicate of any Permit or Certificate of a Permit, or Renewal of any Certificate respectively, frail contain such Particulars as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of Inland Excife and Taxes, according to their respective Jurisdictions, or any Three of them respectively ; and the Duplicate of any Permit frail also contain the following Particulars ; that is to fay, the Number and Date of such Permit, the Diftrift where ifiued, and the Place from and to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and frail express the Quantity and particular Kind of such Goods, and the respective Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Perfon or Perfons fending such Goods, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom to be sent, ana in case of a Company or Copartner-fr ip, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnerfrip, and the time for which such Permit frail be of force ; and the Duplicate of any Certificate of any Permit frail, in addition to the foregoing Particulars, contain the Number and Date of such Certificate, and the Dif-tri& where ifiued ; and every Duplicate of any Renewal of any Certificate frail contain the Number and Date of such Renewal, and the DiftriA where iiTued, and the Date and Number of the Certificate of which the fame frail be a Renewal, and the Quantity and particular Kind of the Goods then on Hands, and for the Protedtion of which such Renewal of Certificate frail be required; and every such Duplicate as aforesaid frail be deemed and taken to contain a Sufficient Defcription of such Permit or Certificate respectively, and frail be deemed and taken as a Duplicate thereof respectively within the meaning of this Adt, and it frail not be necessary to fet forth other-wife or therein more fully the Contents of any such Permit or Certificate respectively.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information frail be made or prosecuted, touching any Matter relating to or concerning any Permit or Certificate, whenever it may be necessary to prove the granting or issuing of any such Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of such Permit or Certificate refpe£H*eljr

A. D. 1319.

5J)# GEO. 111.

C. 107.

S79

/hall in all Cafes be deemed and taken, and Ihall be admitted as Evw dence that such Permit or Certificate was granted and issued according to the Purport of such Duplicate, without producing or requiring the Produ&ion of the original Permit or Certificate which had been granted; and it shall not be necessary to prove any Order of the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms or Excife, appointing or directing the Form of any such Permit or Certificate, or of any Duplicate thereof refpe&vely.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That when any Perfon or Perfons ihall obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, any Permit or Certificate, or when any Permit or Certificate shall be obtained or procured for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, and shall have been used accordingly, every such Permit and Certificate respectively shall be taken to be good and effectual as again!! the Perfon or Perfons who shall have obtained or procured, or cause to be obtained or procured, or for whose Ufc such Permit or Certificate was obtained or procured, ae the case may be, and by and for whom or on^whofc behalf the fame had been used ; and upon the Trial of any Information or other Proceeding respectively, in any manner touching or concerning any such Permit or Certificate, it shall not be competent to or for any such Perfon or Perfons to allege any Informality or DefeA in any such Permit or Certificate.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, Tliat if any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife authorised to grant Permits, Coaft Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, shall deliver out or suffer to be delivered out any Paper prepared or provided or appointed by tha Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\ to be used for Permits, Coaft Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, in blank, or before such Permit, Coaft Cocket, Certificate or Ticket respectively shall be filled up and issued, pursuant to the Dire&ions of this A&; or if any such Officer shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, or /hall make any false or untrue Entry in the Duplicate of any Permit, Coaft Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, given or granted by him, or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any Goods into the Stock of any Perfon or Perfons, brought in with any false, untrue or forged Permit or Coaft Cocket, or shall knowingly and willingly grant any Permit or Coaft Cocket for the Removal of any Goods out of and from the Stock of any Perfon or Perfons who shall have received or retained any such Goods under or by virtue or pretext of mny such false, forged or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket or Certificate j or if any such Officer shall knowingly permit or suffer the fame to be done, directly or indirectly ; every such Officer so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Per-fons shall fraudulently alter or erase any Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, alter the fame shall have been respectively granted by the proper Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or if any Perfon or Perfona shall knowingly or willingly give any altered or erased, false or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly or willingly accept on receive any altered or erased, false or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket or Certificate, vrifcb or for any Goods, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly

Pp 2	or

Permits Mid Certificates effectual against Persons obtaining them;

and Informality not to be ailedged on Trial-

Officer delivering out blank Permits, Ac. granting false ones, or making false Entries, Ac. or permitting the

Penalty looL

Unduly altering Permits, or using false ones, &c.

C. 107.

59° GEG. III.

A JO. 1819.

Penalty iool.

Counterfeiting Permits, &c. or giving or receiving or using them.

Transportation 7 Years.

Paper and Plates, &c. for Permits, &c. to be made by Persons appointed by Commissioners.

Making or having Frames or Moulds in Possession for making such Paper, or engraving or having such Plates, in Imitation of those authorised by Commissioners.

or willingly utter or make use of any such Permit, Coaft Cockct, Ticket or Certificate, every Perfon so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. .

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall at any time counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, or assist in counterfeiting or forging, any Permit, Coaft Cocket or Ticket, or any Part of any such Permit, Coaft Cocket or Ticket, or any Certificate of any Permit, or any Part of such Certificate ; or shall counterfeit any Impression, Stamp or Mark, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, or assist in the counterfeiting any Imprefiion, Stamper Mark, provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commiflioners of Cultoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes respectively for the time being, or any Three of them, according to their respective Jurifdic-tionsj to be put to or upon such Permit, Coaft Cockct, Ticket or Certificate respectively ; or shall give or make use of any counterfeited or forged Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, knowing the fame or any Part thereof to be forged or counterfeited ; or shall make use of any Permit, Coaft Cockct, Ticket or Certificate, with any such counterfeited Impression, Stamp or Mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeited f or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any counterfeited or forged Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate* or shall knowingly or willingly receive any Certificate founded on any counterfeited or forged Permit; every such Perfon or Perfons, being thereof legally convi&cd in any of the respective Cafe or Cafes aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland shall at any time have heretofore provided, or shall at any time hereafter provide Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to be used for Permits for the Removal of any Goods, or for Certificates of such Permits, or for Tickets to be affixed on any Calk or Veflel removed under Permit, with any Words or Figures visible in the Subftance of such Paper, and have heretofore provided, or shall hereafter from time to time provide, Plates engraved with certain Stamps, Marks and Devices, or Types cast in any particular Form for the printing, stamping and marking the said Paper, all Permits, Certificates and Tickets, for the Purpofes aforesaid, shall be printed by or with the said Plates or Types on Paper so made; which said Paper shall be made, and the said Plates engraven, and Types cast by such Perfon or Perfons as have been or shall be for that Purpofe from time to time authorised and appointed by the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them, under their Hands and Seals.

XL 11. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons not authorised and appointed by the said Commiflioners as aforesaid, and not for the Ufe of the said Commiflioners, shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or affill in the making, or without being so authorised or appointed shall knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleflion, • without lawful Excufe (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Perfon accufed), any Frame, Mould or Inftrument for the making of Paper, with the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper used by the said Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes for such Per-•	.	mits,

A.D. 1819*

59° GEO. III.

C* 107*

581

mit8. Certificates or Tickets, or with any or Part of such Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame ; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) /hall make, or caafe or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in the making any Paper, in the Subftance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Subftance of the Paper used by the said Commiflioners for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of such Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame, shall be vi fible ; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) shall knowingly have in his or her Cuftody or Pofsession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall he on the Perfon accused,) any Paper whatever, in the Subftance of which the Words, Maries or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of Paper used by the said Commiflioners for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of such Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame, shall be visible ; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) shall, by any Art, Myf-tery or Contrivance, cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in cauiing or procuring the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper used by the said Com-miflioners for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of said Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame, to appear visible in the Subftance of any Paper whatever ; or if any Perfon (not authorised or appointed as aforefaid) shall engrave, cast, cut or make, or cause to be engraved, call, cut or made, any Plate, Type or other thing in Imitation of or to resemble any Plate or Type made or used by the Dire&ion of the said Commiflioners for the purpose of marking or printing of the Paper to be used for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets; every Perfon so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of his or her .Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court who shall try such Perfon shall direct.

XLIIL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Goods, Wares or Merchandife shall be forfeited and liable to be seized under any of the Provifions of this A&, all Calks, Jars, Bottles and other Veffels, Cases, Sacks, Bags, and aH and every Package and Covering whatsoever in which fuen Goods, Wares or Merchandife shall be round, shall also be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all Contracts, Promises, Af-fumptions, Bills, Notes, Bonds, Judgments or other Securities, where the Whole or any Part of the Confideration thereof respectively shall be for the Value or Price of any Goods for the Removal of which a Permit is by this A& required, and with which such Permit shall not have been given, or which shall be for the Value or Price of any greater Quantity of such Goods than that expressed in the Permit which shall have been given therewith, shall as to. all such Value or JPrice respectively be null and void, and no A&ion or Suit shall be maintained or maintainable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any such Value or Price respectively ; and it such Goods shall have been fold for ready Money, or if the Perfon or Perfons felling the fame shall otherwise have been paid or satisfied for the Value. or Price thereof^ it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons -	P p 8	who

Assisting, &c.

Transportation,

Forfeiture of Goods to include Casks and Package.

Contracts, Ac. for Goods requiring a Permit and none given, or when Goods greater m Quantity than expressed in Permit, such Contracts, &c. void; and where Money has been paid it may be recovered.

582

C.107.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 181 %

Permits no Protection for Goods against Forfeiture, unless Proof of Duty paid, &c.

False swearing.

Perjury.

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures.

14 fc 15 C. *. (1.; Sess.4. c. 8.

46 G.3. c. 106.

who shall have so paid or satisfied such Value or Price, to recover from the Seller 0/ such Goods the Amount of the Value or Price of such Goods for which such Permit for the fame shall not have been given, or of so much of such Goods as {ball exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Permit for conveying the fame, as the case may be, to be filed for and recovered by A&ion of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill in a Court of competent Jurifdiction; and such Permit, or the Duplicate thereof, or any Certificate granted by any Officer of the Revenue in lieu of such Permit, shall be Evidence of the Quantity mentioned ill such Permit.

‘ XLV. And Whereas it frequently happens that Permits and 4 Certificates are obtained fraudulently, in order to protect Goods 4 the Duties on which have not been paid For Remedy whereof 1>e it enacted, That if any Goods for the Conveyance of which a Permit is by this A& required shall be seized for any Breach of any of the Laws relating to the Revenue of Cufloms or Excife in Ireland, such Goods shall be condemned and adjudged forfeited, not-withilanding that the Claimant shall prove that a Permit was pro-duced when such Goods were conveying from one Place to another, or that a Permit or Certificate was 'produced after such Goods had been conveyed, unless the Claimant shall also prove in such Cafe the Payment of the Duties for the identical Goods so seized, or the Sale of such Goods had by reason or in consequence of a Forfeiture and Condemnation thereof (as the case may happen.)

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this A61 required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Perfon being duly convicted thereof shall fufier the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon shall corruptly procure or fubom any other Perfon or Perfons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmatioo, every such Perfon being duly convicted of such procuring or fub-orning shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities, as Perfons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland. .

XLV 11. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this A& shall be paid and payable in Briti/h Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Dire&ions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an A& made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An AH for the settling of the Exetfe or new Impojl upon His MajtJiy, His Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Book of Rates therm inserted; or in and by an A& made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, inti* tuled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commif f oners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland f or in and by any other

A&

A.D. 18191

59* GEO. III.

583

C }07,108.

Aft or Afts in force in Inland relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enafted j with the like Remedy of Appeal to and tor the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the laid recited A ft of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Aft or Afts as aforesaid, is provided.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That this Aft shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, except in Cafes where any other time is expressly mentioned for tie Commencement of any Provifion in this Aft contained.

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft to amend several Afts relating to the Port Office and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland.	[12th July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft palled in the Parliament of Ireland,, 4 VV in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His pre-4 sent Majefty’s Reign, for establishing a Poft Office there, it is en-4 acted, that so often as any Deputy or Deputies, or other Perfon or

*	Perfons to be employed in receiving or collecting the Poftage of 4 Letters or Packets, or any of the Revenues of the Poft Office,

*	fhall happen to be in arrear to His Majesty, His Heirs or Suc-4 ceffors, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of 4 Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-4 ceflors, to sue for and recover such Arrears in a summary Way, 4 by Procdfs or Civil Bill, in manner by the said Aft dirested:

4 And Whereas it will be advantageous to the said Revenue that

*	fuch Mode of Recovery of Arrears should be extended to Sums

*	not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds Irijh CurrencyBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, so often as any Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons employed or to be employed in receiving or collecting lie Poftage of Letters or Packets, or any of the Revenues oi the Poft Office in Ireland, shall happen to be in arrear to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds Irijh Currency, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, to sue for and recover from such Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or from his, her or their respective Surety or Sureties, in a summary Way, by Procefs or Civil Bill, before the Chairman or Affiftant Barrifter of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin, or Chairman of the Quarter Seffion in the County of Dublin, every such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds Irijh Currency in the whole, together with the usual Cofts upon serving such Deputy, Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, with Procefs or Civil Bill, Eight clear Days at least before the First Day of any Quarter Seffions to be held for the County, County of a City, or Cailpty of a Town,

P p 4	in

Commencement of Act

*3 & 14 O.3. c.17. (I.)

Arrears not

exceeding sol. Irish, against Deputies, Let- * ter Carriers, &c. may be recovered by Civil Bill.

Costa.

C. I OS. -

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819,

5S*

Appeal.

-Double Costs.

Postageof printed Notices from Charities, &c. id. per Dozen.

Not to be sealed or watered.

Rates of Postage.

Mails not to pay Tolls more than once a

in which such Deputy, Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, shall nefide at the time of the Service of tfuch Procefs or Civil Bill; and that if any such Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, shall appeal from any Decree to be made against him, her or them, or any of them, and such Decree shall on the Hearing of such Appeal be affirmed, all and every Perfons and Perfon agamil whom such Decree shall be affirmed, shall pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, Double the Coils of such original Decree ; and every such Affirmance of such Decree shall be binding and concluiive on all the Parties therein, in all Courts of Law and Equity, and shall not be questioned or fet aside.

‘ II. And Whereas it will increase the Revenue of the said Poft

*	Office, and accommodate the Public, if Charitable Inftitutions or ‘ Societies shall be permitted to fend printed Notices .and printed 4 Letters, relating solely to the Bufinefs of such Inftitutions or So-4 cieties, by Poft unsealed at reduced Rates of Poftage ;* Be it therefore enacted, That all Rates and Duties for the Portage and Conveyance of such printed Notices and printed Letters, sent by the Poft in Ireland, payable under any A& or Adis in force in Ireland) immediately before the passing of this A&, shall from and liter the palling of this Adi cease and determine ; and that from and after the passing of this Adi it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Ufe of His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeftors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Poftage and Conveyance of all Notices or Letters, which shall be printed on a single Sheet of Paper, and shall relate solely to the Affairs or Bufinefs of any Charitable Inftitution or Society in Ire-land\ and which shall be delivered into any Poft Office folded and directed, but without any Seal or Wafer, or other Matter to dot or fallen the fame, and shall be carried, conveyed or sent Poft from the General Poft Office in Dublin to the several Poft Towns in Ireland, or from the several Poft Towns in Ireland to the General Poft Office in Dublin, or by the Penny Poft in the City of DnbUn, or any other City or Town in Ireland, according to the Rates following ; (that is to fay), for the Port and Conveyance of Twelve, or any lesser Number of such Notices or Letters, the Sum of One Penny; for every additional complete Number of Twelve of such Notices or Letters, the further Sum of One Penny ; and for any Number of Letters less than Twelve, exceeding One or more com* plete Set or Sets or Number or Numbers of Twelve, the further Sum of One Penny ; which Sum or Poftage shall be paid at the Poft. Office where such Notices or Letters shall be deposited for Conveyance, and previous to the fame being dispatched by the Poft.

4 III. And Whereas Arrangements are making for the Portage ‘ and Conveyance of Mails and Bags of Letters by Coaches in Ire-4 land with increased Expedition, and it may happen that by 4 Change of Horfcs in the fame Divifion of Road, an additional 4 Toll may be charged and chargeable on such Coaches, to the

*	Diminution of the Revenue of Poftage in Ireland;* Be it therefore enabled, That from and after the passing of this A&, no Mail Coach, Mail Diligence or Mail Cart, conveying or employed to carry any

Mail

59" GEO. III.

C. 108.

585

Mail or Bag of Letters in Ireland, shall be charged or chargeable with any Toll more than once in the fame Divifion of Road in the fame Day, calculating from Twelve o’Clock at Night till Twelve o’Clock the succeeding Night; and that no Change of Horfes shall subject any such Coach, Diligence or Cart to any additional Toll at any Turnpike Gate whatsoever ; any A 61 or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it declared and enacted, That the Poftmafter or Poftmafters General of Ireland^ shall cause an Account to be kept from time to time of all Tolls payable on Four wheeled Carriages, conveying or employed to carry any Mail or Bag of Letters in Ireland^ at the several and respective Turnpike Gates or Bars erected upon or at the Ends of any Bridges in Ireland through which such Carriages shall pass, and shall from time to time cause tne Amount of such Tolls to be paid to the Treafurers of the said Bridges or Turnpike Gates or Bart, or other Perfons to whom such Tolls are respectively payable, by Four Quarterly Payments, in like'manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the said Poftmafter or Poftmafters General are required to do under the Direftions of an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting to Hu Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pojl within Ireland, with respect to such Tolls payable at the several and respective Turnpike Gates in Ireland; and that the said Poftmafter and Poftmafters General of Ireland shall, within Three Calendar Months next afteh the palling of this Aft, pay all Arrears of any such Tolls at any such Bridges as may be due at the time of the palling of this Aft ; any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywile notwithstanding.

* V. And Whereas Letters and Packets directed to or from Places 1 in Ireland from or to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond 4 the Seas, are now sent to and Ihipped from the Harbours or Packet 4 Stations of Hawth near Dublinf and Dunmore near Waterford; and 4 Doubts have arisen whether any Rate of Poftage is payable on 4 such Letters between Dublin and ffowth, and between Waterford * and Dunmore ;* Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the paffine of this Aft, no Letters or Packets directed from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts of Great Britain9 or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be subject or liable to be charged with or pay any Rate for their Portage and Conveyance to Dublin from Howi£9 or from Dublin to Howto, nor to Waterford from Dunmore, or from IVaterford to Dunmore; any Conftruftion or Ufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being, by and with the Cdnfent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to enlarge and extend the Limits of the Penny Poll in the City of Dublin, and to appoint .Offices to be called Receiving Houfes for Penny Poft Letters in the said City, or County of the said City, and in any Parts adjacent to the said City and Suburbs, within the Diftance of Six Miles from the General Poft Office in the said City, and to demand, have, receive tod take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets

conveyed

Day in each District of Road.

Postmasters General to cause Accounts to be kept, and pay Tolls quarterly on Bridges, on Four wheeled Carriages carrying Mails, under 43 G. 3. c. 28. § 24-

No Pottage of Letters sent or received to or from beyond Sea, between Dublin and Howth, or Waterford and Dunmore.

Limita of Penny Post, &c* may be extended by Consent of Lord Lieutenant,

bid

C. 107%

59* GEO- III-

AJD. 1819-

Officer not to grant Permit on Credit of Taro or mam Certificates, unless Person applying shall not hare sufficient Credit q| One.

unduly altered. Licence re-reked-

Penalty tool. Dealers not admitting Officers to inspect Pre-

Penalty 50I. Refusing to sheer Stock, or to furnish Lights, Scales, Jkc. to Officer.

ftsaoky 40L'

XXVII-	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excife to grant any Permit for any Goods on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless the Perfon applying for such Permit shall not have sufficient Credit on one Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Goods for which such Permit shall be required 5 and every Officer granting any Permit for any such Goods, upon the Credit of any Certificate or Certificates, shall endorfe on such Certificate or Certificates the Date and Number of such Permit, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods for which the fame shall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Calks, Veffels or other Packages, or Mark and Number of the Ca(k9 Veffel or other Package containing the fame, and the Name of the Perfon to whom and the Place to which such Goods are to be carried under such Permit.

XXVIII-	And be it further enacted, That in case any such Certificate, or any of such Endorfements made thereon, shall be fraudulently erased, obliterated or altered, it shall and may be lawful for the (aid Comxniffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, to annul or revoke or withdraw any Licence which shall have been granted under the Authority of such Commiffioner to the Perfon or rerfons whose Certificate, or any Endorfement thereupon, shall have been so erased, obliterated or altered 5 and every such Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excife shall not be admitted into any House, Shop, Store or other Place belonging to any Dealer in or Retailer of any Goods, for the Removal of which a Permit is required by this A£fc, after such Officer shall have demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Bufinefs, and after having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made at such House, Shop, Store or other Place, such Dealer or Retailer aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon dealing in, storing, or having in his or her Poffelfion any of the Goods for which a Permit it by this A & required, shall, as often as he or (he shall be required by any Officer of Excife, (hew to such Officer all his or her Stock of all and every such Goods, and eveiy Box or Prefs, Package, Cheft, Calk or Veffel, used by him or her in the storing or kitpmg the fame, and shall fumifh such Officer with sufficient Light, and with just and sufficient Scales, Weights and Meafures for weighing and measuring such Stock, and shall provide proper and sufficient Affiftants for that Purpose; and if any such Perfon shall not, on demand of any Officer as aforesaid, (hew his or her Stock of all or any of the Goods aforesaid, and every Part thereof, or shall not fumiftt such Officer with sufficient Light, or with just and sufficient Scales, Weights or Measures, or shall not provide proper aud sufficient Affiftants to weigh or measure the fame, as the case may be, or shall not declare the Stock of all or any of such Goods so (hewn to be the entire Stock of such Goods respectively then on Hands of such Perfon, every such Perfon offending in any of the respective Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers aforesaid shall, upon Search, discover any such Goods in the Poffeffion of an^fuch

59* GEO. III.

e. ?o?.

577

Perfon which shall not have been (hewn as aforesaid, then all such Goods so difeovered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for any Perfon licensed to fell Spirits to fend or deliver out, under any Permit, any Spirits which shall be of a less Degree of Strength than the Strength at which such Perfon shall have received the fame ; and if any such Perfon shall so fend or deliver out under Permit any Spirits which shall be of a less Strength than as aforesaid, all such Spirits which shall be fa sent out or delivered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, and every such Perfon. shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred, nor any fttqh Seizure made, for or by reason of any Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits not more than Three per Centum below the Strength of such Spirits specified in such Permit; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Spirits distilled in Ireland, and upon which the full Duties payable by Law shall not have been paid, secured or satisfied, shall be conveyed or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons, or shall be found passing or in the course of Conveyance or Delivery to, or in the Cuftody or Pof-feffion of any Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Perfon who shall have obtained or made use of such Permit, or in whose Name or for whose Ufe such Permit shall be granted, shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings British Currency for every Gallon of Spirits mentioned in such Permit or Permits, by virtue or under pretext whereof such Spirits shall have been conveyed, or shall be found passing or in the course of Conveyance, or in the Cuftody or Polfeffion of,any Perfon, and all such Spirits shall be forfeited and may be seized ; and every Officer of Excife who shall knowingly or wilfully grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any such Spirits, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Briti/b Currency ; and the Proof that all Duties have been paid, secured or satisfied on such Spirits, shall lie on the Claimant. or Defendant.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever in Ireland shall obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, any Permit for the Removal from one Place to another of any Goods, f within the time limited in such Permit, all the Goods by such Permit authorised to be removed shall not be actually and really removed and delivered pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in case such Goods shall not be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons and at the Place mentioned in such Permit as/ the Perfon or Perfons to whom and the Place to which such Goods are by such Permit purported to be conveyed, then and in every such respective Cafe and Cafes aforesaid the Perfon or Perfons obtaining or procuring such Permit, or causing such Permit to be obtained or procured, or the Perfon or Perfons for whose Ufe or Benefit, whether in part or in the whole, such Permit shall be obtained or procured, shall forfeit for all such Goods named in such Permit the respective Sums or Penalties hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay 1, for every Gallon of Wine, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every Gallon of Spirituous Liquors, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every

59 Gjbo. III.	P	p	Pound

and Officer nity seise Goods not shewn.

Spirits sent out of a less Degree of Strength than received, forfeited, and Penalty 5cJ.

Deficiency of 3 per Cent, in Strength allowed.

Spirits on which Duty has not been paid not' protected by Permit.

Penalty and Forfeiture of Spirits.

Officer unduly granting Permit, Penalty aocL British.

Persons not removing or delivering Goods according to Permit, &c. f Sic•

Penalties.

C. 107.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Permit not lodged within time limited.

Penalty aol.

Duplicates of Permits or Certificates to contain certain Particulars.

Such Duplicate sufficient.

Duplicates Proof of issuing Permits or Certificate.

Pound Weight of Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee or Tea respectively, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every Hundred Weight of Hops or Sugar respectively, the Sum of Twenty Shillings ; for every Gallon of Metheglin, Mead, Sweets or Made Wines, or Vinegar, the Sum of Five Shillings ; for every Piece of Silk, and for every Article of East India Goods, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the said Penalties or Sums oif Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unless Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants that all the Goods for the Removal of which such Permit was so obtained or procured were actually brought from the Perfon and Place mentioned in such Permit, and were aSually delivered to the Perfon and at the Place expressed in such Permit.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Permit, which shall be sent with any Goods to any Dealer in or Retailer of such Goods, shall not be lodged with the proper Officer within the respective times limited and appointed for the lodging of such Permit, then and in every such Cafe every such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the Duplicate of any Permit or Certificate of a Permit, or Renewal of any Certificate respectively, shall contain such Particulars as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of Inland Excife and Taxes, according to their respective Jurifdic-tions, or any Three of them respectively; and the Duplicate of any Permit shall also contain the following Particulars ; that is to fay, the Number and Date of such Permit, the Diftridt where issued, and the Place from and to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and shall express the Quantity and particular Kind of such Goods, and the respective Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Perfon or Perfons fending such Goods, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom to be sent, ana in case of a Company or Copartnership, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnership, and the time for which such Permit shall be of force; and the Duplicate of any Certificate of any Permit shall, in addition to the foregoing Particulars, contain the Number and Date of such Certificate, and the Dif-tri& where issued ; and every Duplicate of any Renewal of any Certificate shall contain the Number and Date of such Renewal, and the Diftri& where issued, and the Date and Number of the Certificate of which the fame shall be a Renewal, and the Quantity and particular Kind of the Goods then on Hands, and for the Prote&ion of which such Renewal of Certificate shall be required; and every such Duplicate as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to contain a sufficient Description of such Permit or Certificate respectively, and shall be deemed and taken as a Duplicate thereof respectively within the meaning of this A6t, and it shall not be necessary to fet forth other-wife or therein more fully the Contents of any such Permit or Certificate respectively.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information shall be made or prosecuted, touching any Matter* relating to or concerning any Permit or Certificate, whenever it may be necessary to prove the granting or issuing of any such Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of such Permit or Certificate refpe&mtfg

A.D.18I9.

5D# GEO. HI.

C. 107.

S70

shall in all Cafes be deemed and taken, and shall be admitted as EvU dence that such Permit or Certificate was granted and issued according to the Purport of such Duplicate, without producing or requiring the Produ&ion of the original Permit or Certificate which had been granted ; and it shall not be necessary to prove any Order of the Com-miffioners of Cuitoms or Excife, appointing or directing the Form of any such Permit or Certificate, or of any Duplicate thereof respectively.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That when any Perfon or Permits and Perfons shall obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, Certificates any Permit or Certificate, or when any Permit or Certificate shall be	*?“n8t

refpe&ively shall be taken to be good and effectual as agairrft the

Perfon or Perfons who shall have obtained or procured, or cause to be

obtained or procured, or for whose Ufe such Permit or Certificate

was obtained or procured, as the case may be, and by and for whom

or on whose behalf the fame had been used ; and upon the Trial of any cud Informality

Information or other Proceeding refpeftivcly, in any manner touching not to beal-

or concerning any such Permit or Certificate, it shall not be com-	on	Trial.

petent to or for any such Perfon or Perfons to allege any Informality

or Defe& in any such Permit or Certificate.

XXXVIII.	And be it further er.acted, Tliat if any Officer of Officer deliver-Cufloras or Excife authorised to grant Permits, Coafl Cockets, Cer- ing °blank tificates or Tickets, shall deliver out or suffer to be delivered out any

Paper prepared or provided or appointed by th^ Commissioners of "remaking Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, fy.se Entries, to be used for Permits, Coafl Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, in Sec. or per. blank, or before such Permit, Coafl Cocket, Certificate or Ticket fitting the respectively shall be filled up and issued, pursuant to the Dire&ions same* of this A<&; or if any such Officer shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in the Duplicate of any Permit,

Coafl Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, given or granted by him, or

shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any Goods into the

Stock of any Perfon or Perfons, brought in with any false, untrue or

forged Permit or Coafl Cocket, or shall knowingly and willingly

grant any Permit or Coafl Cocket for the Removal of any Goods

out of and from the Stock of any Perfon or Perfons who shall have

received or retained any such Goods under or by virtue or pretext of

any such false, forged or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket or Certificate ;

or if any such Officer shall knowingly permit or suffer the fame to be

done, directly or indirectly ; every such Officer so offending, being

thereof lawfully convisted, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit Penalty tool.

the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Per- Unduly alter-

fons shall fraudulently alter or erase any Permit, Coafl Cocket, in8 Permits, Ticket or Certificate, after the fame shall have been refpe&ively	*****

granted by the proper Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or if any Perfon one** C#

or Perfons shall knowingly or willingly give any altered or erased, false or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly or willingly accept on receive any altered or erased, false or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket or Certificate, with or for any Goods, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly

Persons obtaining them

Pp 2

Qr

C. 109.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1S19.

59p

Who ire to mike entries therein.

Penalty.

Measures for ascertaining Quantity of Herrings taken or bought.

Regulation for Sixe, &c. of Nets.

Using improper Nets, Ac.

Unduly placing Nets.

Penalty.

Application of Penalty.

the Port or other Officer appointed for that Purpose, under the Provifions of this A6fc, shall deliver to the Mafter or Chief Officer of said Veflel a blank Journal Book, in such Form as the laid Com-miflioners of the Irijh Fifheries shall direct or appoint, signed by the said Colle&or or such other Officer, and ruled under diftm& Heads; in which said Mafter or some one of the Crew above the Age of Fourteen Years, shall enter an Account of the Proceedings of said Veflel, the Soundings upon the Coaft and Fifhing Banks, the Quantity of Fi(h taken by said Veflel, and the Quantity bought, and the times when respectively 5 and in default of so doing, such Veflel shall forfeit such Part of the Bounty as (he might otherwise have been entitled to, as the said Commiflioners of Fifheries shall think fit.

XIII. And for the better ascertaining the Quantity of Herrings taken and bought, be it further enabled, That every Veflel at the time of being entered for the Fifheries, shall have on board Two Half Barrels, each containing Sixteen Galions, with which shall be mea-fured the Herrings taken and bought by her; and the Entry in the Journal of the Quantity of Herrings taken and bought, shall be by the Number of Barrels or Half Barrels, and not by Tale or Count.

* XIV. And Whereas the Quantity of Fi(h is diminiffied by * Methods of Fifhing which destroy the Spawn and Fry of Fifli Be it enacted. That no Drag Net or other Sea Net which hath a Me(h of less than Three Inches and a Half from Knot to Knot, shall be made use of in catching &ny kind of Fi(h, (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, Shrimps and Prawns, and small Shell Fi(h tor Bait,) upon any Parts of the Coafts of Ireland, or within any of the Bays, Harbours, Rivers or Creeks thereof, nor shall any false or double Bottom, Cod or Paunch, or any other Net, though of legal Size, be placed upon or behind the other, in order to take and destroy small Fi(h; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall make use of any Drag Net or other Sea Net which has a Me(h of less than Three Inches and a Half from Knot to Knot, in catching any kind of Fifti (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, Shrimps, Prawns and small Shell Fifh for Bait) on any Parts of the Sea Coafts of Ireland, or within any of the Bays, Harbours, Rivers or Creeks thereof, shall place any false or double Bottom, Cod or Paunch, or any other Net, though of legal Size, upon or behind any other, in order to take and destroy small Fifh; such Perfon or Penons so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon his or their Appearance, or Default after Summoist, before One or more Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace of the County, or Infpe&or of the Diftrift where such Perfon or Perfons so offending hath or have their usual Place of Abode, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnestes, which Oath such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, or Infpe&or, is and are hereby empowered to administer, or by Confeffion of the Party offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose such Net or Nets, which such Juftice or Justices are hereby empowered to seize and destroy, and shall also forfeit a Sum not less than Forty Shillings, nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Juftice or Justices 01 the Peace, or Infpe&or, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, the One Moiety thereof to the Perfon who shall inform and prosecute for the fame, and the other Moiety to go and be disposed of to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch

Offender

I

AJ>. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 109.

£91

Offender lives; and in case no sufficient Dift refs or Diftreffes can or way be had, whereout to levy the said Sum adjudged to be forfeited, that then the said Juilice or Ju dices of the Peace, or Infpeftor, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, commit such Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be convisted, there to remain for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Offender shall sooner pay the Penalty so forfeited, upon Payment whereof he shall be discharged forthwith.

* XV. And Whereas Shoals of Herrings are frequently frightened € from the Entrance of the Bays and Creeks, by Veffels mooring

*	and (hooting their Nets in improper Places, and by laying long 1 Lines for taking of Cod and Lyng across the Entrance of Bays

*	and Creeks, and other Irregularities Be it ena6ted, That no Veffel on the Coafts of Ireland shall moor or (hoot their Nets in any Places which shall be forbidden by the Infpeftor or other Officer to be appointed; nor shall any Perfon (hoot any Net or any long Line for taking of Cod, Lyng and other Fifh, at any time nor in any Place which shall be forbidden by the said Infpeftor, or other Perfon duly authorised for such Purpofe under the Provifion9 of this Aft, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied in lik£ manner as the other Penalties by this Aft directed are appointed to be levied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Nets shall be (hot or wet for the taking of Herrings in the Day time, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered again ft the Owner or Owners of such Net6, or of the Veffel from which such Nets shall be (hot or wet, and to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Infpeftor or Infpeftors of the Fifheries; and if there shall be no Infpeftor, then by Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace for the County wherein the Party or Parties do reside, and before whom the Offence shall be proved by the Confeffion of the Party accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; which said Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in such Manner and to such Ufes as the other Penalties hereinbefore mentioned are to be applied.

1 XVII. And Whereas, notwithstanding the Laws now in force

*	for the Regulation of the Fifheries of Irelandby the Multitude of

*	Boats that resort to the different Places of Rendezvous, many of

*	which shoot their Nets in the Day time, and begin to fish before the

*	Shoals of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel are fettled in the Bays

*	and Creeks where they usually resort for Shelter, there is reason to € believe that the Fifheries are much injured, and that a Regulation 4 with regard to the time of commencing the Fifhery would be of 4 great Advantage Be it enacted, That in the several Places where Infpeftors or other Officers are appointed, and where Orders shall be given for the purpose by the Commissioners of the Irjjh Fifheries, or any Three of them, who are hereby empowered so to do, no Perfon shall be at liberty to shoot their Nets, until Notice for such Purpofe shall be posted up by the Infpeftor of the District, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied as other Penalties in this Aft directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Veffel or Boat wbich shall be laden at any Port or Place in Ireland with Salt in $ulk or in Barrels, intended to be used in the curing of Herrings,

Pilchards

Vessels not to be moored, Nets shot, or Lines kid contrary to Order of Inspector.

Penalty OcL

Nets not to be. shot, &c. for Herrings in the Day-time,

Penalty id.

Nets not to be shot till after Notice by Inspector,

Penalty acL

What Vessek and Fish taken to be within the meaning of this Act.

5 92

0.109.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Fish or Salt landed, &e. without Presence of Officer, forfeited.

What Her-ringn, &c. and in what Barrels, Scc. entitled to Bounty.

Directions for branding, &c. Barrels to entitle to Bounty.

Pilchards or Mackerel, in Bulk or in Barrels, fueh Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel having been taken by the Mailer and Crew on any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, or pur-chafed fresh by the said Matter on any Part of the said Coafts, from the Crews of other British or Irijh Boats by whom the fame were taken, shall be deemed and taken to be a Veflel or Boat fitted out for the Irijh Herring, Pilchard or Mackerel Fiihery, within the Meaning of this A 61; and where any such Veffel or Boat, having been so fitted out for the Iri/h Fifhery, and having proceeded to any Port of the Coaft of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, where the fishing of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall have been carried on, and the Matter or Crew whereof shall have there taken or purchased Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel fresh, and cured the fame in Bulk or in Barrels, shall arrive laden therewith in any Port or Place in Ireland, or where any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, taken or purchased, and cured as aforesaid, shall have been tranfhipped out of any such Veflel or Boat into any other Veflel or Boat which shall arrive laden with the said Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel in any Port or Place in Ireland, then and in either of these Cases, all such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be deemed to have been brought from the Irijh Fifh'ery, within the Meaning of this A&•	.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That if any Fifh or Salt, or other Fifh in Stores, shall be landed, or shall be unshipped with intent to be landed out of any Veflel or Boat arriving from the Irijh Fifhery, at any Port or Place where an Officer of the Fifhery shall be stationed, without the Prefence of such Officer of the Fifhery as aforesaid, or shall be landed, or shall be unshipped with intent to be landed at any Port or Place where no Officer of the Fifhery shall be stationed, without the Prefence of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, all such Fifh or Salt, or other Fifhing Stores, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery, or of the Cuttoms or Excife.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That the Bounties hereby granted per Barrel on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which shall not have been taken in the Irijh Fifhery, or for any Herrings which shall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for any broken Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which shall not be in all respects properly cured and paeked, or of which the Barrel shall not contain of Fifh, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weignt, except Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall and are hereby required to be repacked with Great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall contain Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Net Fifh; nor for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which shall be contained in any Barrel not of sufficient Strength, or not containing Thirty two Gallons EngVtJh Wine Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the 'Name of the Port or Place where, and the Year when the fame were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron in large, legible, conspicuous and permanent Cha-ra&ers, or on which such Mark or Marks, Chara&er or Chara&ers, shall not have been fet at the Fifhery, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured ;

7	nor

J

A.D. 1819.

49* GEO. III.

C. 109.

993

nor for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel on which, at the time of its being produced to the proper Officer of'the Fifhery, in order to be branded with a Mark or CharaAer to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounties per Barrel hereby given according to the Directions of this A A, any Mark or Character shall be found to have been branded theretofore, pursuant to the Provifions of any former ACt, nor until a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty hereby given, shall be branded thereon by order and in the presence of the proper Officer of the Fifhery, after the fame shall have been produced to and infpeCted by such Officer according to the Directions of this A A ; and that the Bountiester Barrel hereby granted shall not be paid or allowed for or in refpeA of any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, unless the fame shall be produced to the proper Officer of the fyd Fifhery, and branded in his presence in manner by this ACt direAed, at fucn Port or Place as is hereinafter directed refpeCtively, and no other 5 that is to fay, if the laid Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel were cured on Shore, then the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel ihall be so produced, and branded at such Port or Place as shall have been appointed for that Purpofe by the Commissioners of the Irijb Fifhenes; or if the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel were cured in any Veffel or Boat fitted, out for the Irijb Fifhery, and were brought from the said Fifhery in the fame or in any other Veffel, according to the Regulations of this AA, then the Barrel or Barrels of the laid Herrings, Pilchards arid Mackerel, shall be so, produced and branded as aforesaid at the Port or Place to which the fame shall have been so brought from the said Fifhery.

XXL And be it further enaAed, That the said Bounties per Barrel hereby granted on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall be payable ana paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the ProduAion of the Fifh to the proper Officer, of the Fifhery, in order to be branded and certified for the County; and on the fame being duly examined and certified in manner following, that is to fay, such Officer of the Fifhery, to whom any Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall be so produced, shall examine the Barrels, and infpeA the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel contained in all, or in such and so many of them as he in his Difcredon shall think necessary, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel so produced, are in every refpeA such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provifions of this AA ; and for that Purpofe the said Curer or Curers shall, at his or their own Charge, upon being thereunto required by the said Officer, place or cause to be placed the said Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in such convenient Order or Situation as shall be pointed out by the said Officer, (the Outfides being free from any Tar, Dirt or other Subftance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon,) and open or cause to be opened any Barrel so produced, and raise or remove, or cause to be raised or removed, the Herrings, Pilchards Mackerel, or any Part thereof, out of such Barrel, and furnish the said Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Her-riogs, Pilchards and Mackerel, and assist him effeAually in weighing xlxe fame ; and upon every Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mack-59 G90. III.	Q	q	artl

Barrels on which Bounty paid to ba produced and branded.

Regulations -respecting Examination and Certificate of Officers, and branding Casks of Herrings, &o. for Bounty.

1

59*

C. 109.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Debenture-er Certificate for Bounty to be given, on complying with Conditions.

What descrip' tion of Herrings, &c. though produced for Bounty, shall not be entitled thereto.

Penalty. Disputes as to Herrings, &c. being entitled to Bounty to be settled by two Arbitrators, to be nominated by Justice of

erel which on such Examination and tnfpeftion as aforesaid, shall be found by the said Officer to be in all respects such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounties per Barrel hereby granted, there shall be branded with an hot Iron, by order and in presence of the said Officer, such Mark or Marks, Chara&er or Chara&er$, as the Commissioners of the Irijb Fifheriea shall direct, and which shall denote whether the fame is bungpacked or repaeked, and the Year in which the fame shall be so branded, and the Officer in whose presence the fame shall have been branded 5 all which being duly performed, the said Officer of the Fiftiery shall give the Curer or Curers of the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, a Debenture or Certificate for the Payment of the said Bounties per Barrel, on the Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, so branded, which, on being allowed by the Commiffionen of the fri/b Fifheries, (fuch Allowance being dated in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners or any Three of them, at the Foot of the said Debenture or Certificate,) the said Curer or Curers, or his or their Afsigns, shall be entitled to the respective Bounties per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel therein contained ; and the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, upon such Debenture being produced to them, shall without Delay cause the fame to be paid.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, not caught or taken m the Irifb Fifhery, or any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, in refoeft whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Aft (nail have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, mixed or packed with any such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel as aforesaid, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel (other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel repacked with Great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Filh, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight; or any Herrings repacked with Great Salt, of which the Barrel ftiall not contain of net Fifli, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, packed in any BarrS which (nail be of less Content or Capacity than Thirty two Gallons Engltfb Wine Measure, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fifhery to be branded in his presence, and certified by him for the purpose of obtaining the Bounties for the fame, or which having been so produced and branded, shall be again produced to any such Officer for the fame Purpose, or having been so produced and branded, the Mark or Marks, Charafter or Characters fet thereon, as directed under the Provifions of this Aft, shall not appear thereon distinct and legible, all such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, with the Barrel or Barrels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fiftiery or Cuftoms; and if any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, not being hereby forfeited, shall be produced to any Officer of the said Fiftiery for the purpose aforesaid, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the* fame shall be packed not tt> be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Caufe he shall think the Curer thereof is not *"	entitled

59* GEO. IIL

C. 109.

A.IX 1819.

595

entitled to the Bounties per Barrel under this A (ft, such Officer Pescearherain shall without Delay apply by Petition, dating the Matter in dispute mentioned, to any 'Juftice ot the Peace redding at or near the Place where such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Curer that he may attend the Hearing, if he shall think fit; and such Juftice of the Peace shall forthwith nominate and appoint Two skilful Perfons, who shall have no Intereft in the Matter in dispute, one to be nominated by the Officer, and the other by the opposite Party ; and if either Party shall fail to make such Nomination before or at the time when ne shall be required by Authority of the said Juftice (not being longer than Twenty four Hours from the time of being required to make such Appointment) so to do, then the said Juftice shall nominate One lkilful Perfon, not interested in the Matter in dispute, in his Place, and the Two Perfons so appointed, upon Examination of the Matters in dispute, shall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the said Certified* of Juftice, their Opinion on the Matters aforesaid, and if they shall Arbitrator!, agree in their Opinion, the Matter in dispute shall be determined accordkigly ; but if the said Arbitrators so to be appointed shall Umpire, differ in Opinion thereon, the said Juftice shall require them to name One other skilful Perfon, not interested in the Matters in dispute, which Perfon so nominated shall examine the Matters in dispute, and upon such Examination shall certify upon Oath, to be made before Certificatanf the said Juftice, his Opinion thereon, and the said Matter shall Umpire, then be finally determined accordingly.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That if the Curer or Pro- Repacking prietor of any Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mac- bungpacked kerel bungpaeked, on which the Bounty granted by this A<ft shall Herrings, &c. ‘have been allowed, shall intend to repack the fame with Great Salt in the fame Barrels, and as many in addition thereto as with the original Number shall be neceifary to contain the fame in a repacked State, the said Curer or Proprietor shall give Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, under his Hand, of his said Intention Notice to to the proper Officer of the Fifhery, and if upon Produftion of the Officer, said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel so repacked as aforesaid, the said Curer or Proprietor shall upon the Requeft Note (which according to such Regulations as shall be made by the said Commifiioners of the Irtfb Fifneries, he shall have delivered or cause to be delivered to the said Officer) make oath before him, that the Herrings, Pil- Oath that they chards or Mackerel contained in the Barrels so produced (mentioning tile 8tme the Number) in a repacked State, are the very fame Herrings, emn5s* Pilchards ana Mackerel, without any Addition or Mixture whatever, that were originally in a bungpacked State contained in that Part (mentioning the Number) of the said Barrels, whereof each is branded with the Marks or Charafters, denoting that the Bounty granted by this Aft was allowed or paid thereon.; and if the Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel so produced, shall upon due Infpeftion and Examination be found by the said Officer to be each s. of them well cured, properly paeked, and in all respects such as a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, on which the said Bounty is claimed or allowed, is by this Aft required to be, he shall cause each of the said Barrels in which the said Herrings, Offirer to bread Pilchards and Mackerel were originally cured, and in which the 14,0 Bwrek. greater Part thereof shall be so repaeked, to be branded with fuch

Qq 2	Marks

0$$

c. to?..

»• GEO. IIL

A.D. 1S19.

No Bounty or Certificate in respect of re-packed Herrings Ac.

Weight of each Barrel of Her-

allovred.

Marks or .Chara&ers, in addition to those which shall have been already branded thereon, as the Commissioners of the Irijh Fifheri^s shall direct, and as shall denote that the fame are repaeked, and 7 by what Officer the fame were inspected and examined after the repacking thereof; and the said Officer shall cause each o? .the -Barrels in which the remaining Part of the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall be repaeked, to be branded with such Marks or . Chara&ers as by this Ad are directed to be branded thereon, in cafe'the fame were produced to the said Officer, in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Ad, and had been by him deemed-to be entitled thereto, with such Addition to the fame as the Commif-(ioners of the Irtfb Fiiheries shall think fit to direct, and* as shall denote that the fame are so branded under- the Authority of this . Provifion : Provided always, that no Bounty shall bepaid or allowed, nor shall any Certificate be granted for that Purpose, in respect ’of any such Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, repacked and branded with such Marks or Charadefs, and with such Addition thereto as last above mentioned, but that the fame shall nevertheless be Hable to Forfeiture in all Cafes where any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, on which the said Bounty shall have been allowed, would by this Ad be liable thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Bounties per Barrel

Santed by this Ad, shall not be paid or allowed for any Barrel of errings, Pilchards and Mackerel packed or repacked with Small 0,1 Salt, which shall not contain, exciufive of Salt and Brine, Two w i oun y hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fifh at the lead; or for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel repacked with Great Salt, which shall not contain, exciufive of Salt or Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fi(h at the least; or if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, packed or repacked with Small Salt, and not containing, exciufive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fi(h at the ieast; or if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel repacked with Great Salt, and not containing, exciufive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fi(h at'the least, shall be tendered to any Officer of the Fifhery in order to obtain the aforesaid Bounty thereon, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the said Fifhery.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Herrings, being the Refufe of the Manufa£tory of Red Herrings, shall be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word “ Refufe” shall have been branded in the manner herein directed; and all such Herrings not packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word “ Refufe” shall be to branded and remain distinctly legible, as well as all Herrings whatever mixed with Herrings of the said Description, whether packed or not, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery or of the Cuftoms.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That no Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be exported or shipped from Ireland\ or tendered to any Officer of the Irijh Fifhery, or of the Cuftoms, to be shipped for cient Exportation, at any Port or Place in Ireland, for any Port or Place whatever, unless the Barrel in which the fame shall be packed shall be at least half an Inch in Thicknefs at the Bulge; or for any

Foreign

How Barrels of Refuse Herrings to be breaded.

Penalty.

Regulations as to Exportation of Herrin/

Ac. in Banrsla.

59° GEO. HI.

.C.109.

197

Foreign Port or Place in Europe, unless such Barrel shall be bound t with Sixteen Hoops at the lean, made of Wood or Iron ; nor shall an y fucheHerrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be exported or shipped, or tendered to be (nipped as aforesaid, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unless the Barrel in which the fame shall be packed shall be . a new "Barrel and full bound, and have One Iron Hoop at each End*

• nor unless such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall hare been . repaeked, and a Space or time not less than Fifteen Davs -fhall have intervened from the Day when the fame were originally cured and paeked, before the fame were repaeked, all which shall dc made to appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fi(hery and of the Cuftoms, at any Port or Place to which the fame shall have • been brought Coaftwife for Exportation, by Certificate, to be Certificate by. granted by the proper Officer of the- Fifhery, at the Port or Place Officer of from which the fame were so sent Coaftwife as aforesaid, and by Fisilfi,Tr’ the Exporter or his Agent, before any fuck Officer* that the Herrings, Pilchards.or Mackerel tendered for Exportation,, are the fame that were brought Coaftwife with such Certificate; nor shall any Barrels not to be Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be exported or shipped, shipped for Ex-or tendered to any such Officer as aforesaid, to be shipped for partition, unless Exportation at any Port or Place in Ireland, for any Port or Place whatsoever, being branded with any Mark or Charafter to y ^ C“ denote^ that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounties under this Aft, unless the fame shall in all respects be such as is by this Aft required to entitle the Curer thereof to the said Bounty ; nor fhril any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be shipped nor unless for Exportitlbn, till the Proprietor or his Agent shall have pro* Proprietor shill duced thedame to the proper Officer of the Filnery, and performed k**® p™*uced every thing which shall have been required of him by the said ^Setwise com-Officer, and which the Curer on producing the fame in order to plied with this obtain the Bounty thereon, is by this Aft required: to perform ; Act nor shall the fame be so shipped without the presence of the said Officer; and that all Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, with the Barrels containing the fame, which shall be exported, shipped or tendered to be shipped for Exportation contrary to this Aft, shall be forfeited, and shall and may bie seized by any Officer of the Fi(hery or of the Cuftoms.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Barrel of Her- Weight of rings. Pilchards or Mackerel, repacked with Great Salt, which shall Barrels ofre-uot contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, the Quantity of Fifli pocked Her-bereinafter mentioned respectively A the least ; (that is to fay,) if fey *or intended to be exported to any Port or Place in Europe, Two ,Portttt,on* hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight,, or if intended to be exported to any Port or Place out of Europe, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fifhery, in order to be shipped for Exportation to any such Port or Place as aforesaid respectively ; or if any Barrel of Herrings,

Pilchards or Mackerel, being packed or repacked with Small Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fifh at the least, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fifhery, in order to be shipped for Exportation to any Port or Place in Europe, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery Penalty, or of the Cuftoms.

Qq 3

XXVIII. And

398

C. 109.

39° GEO. III.

Officer* to examine Barrel* of Herrings, &c. for Exportation, and may weigh same.

Herring*, &c. intended for Exportation being found of bad Quality or not properly cured, &c. forfeited.

How Disputes in respect thereof settled.

Ho Coast Cocket, &c. required for Fishing Vessels with Salt, Stc. for Grew.

Herrings, &«. may be packed in Half Barrels of Contents herein mentioned.

♦

•

AJD, 1819.

XXVIII.	And in order to prevent.any Frauds in the Exportation of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, be it further enaftted. That every Officer of the Fifhery to whom any Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be produced or tendered, *m order to be shipped for Exportation, shall examine the fame, and infpeft*v and weigh the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in such and fo* many of the. Barrels as he shall think proper, in order to afcertam whether the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, be in all respects such as may lawfully be exported, or shipped to be exported to the Port or Place for which the fame shall be entered: Provided always, that if any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel contained in any Barrel or Barrels, which shall be so marked with any Mark or Charafter to denote that the Carer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounties per Barrel as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be exported for any Caufe other than, on due Examination, their being found to be of such Defcriptkra as not to entitle the Curer thereof to the Bounties per Barrel under this Aft, and not of such a Defcription as would make them liable to Forfeiture, in case they were produced by the Curer with intent to obtain the said Bounty, shall be tendered to any Officer of the Fifheiy to be shipped for Exportation, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the fame shall be contained not to be of fuiEdent Strength, and that for such Caufe the fame cannot be allowed to be exported or shipped for Exportation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or the Barrels containing the fame, shall be forfeited ; and if in the Event of Refufal to allow the Exportation for any of those Causes, the Proprietor shall not be satisfied with the Opinion of the Officer, the Matter in dispute shall be fettled and detennined in the fame manner as is hereinbefore directed in the case of a like Difpute arising between the Curer of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and the Officer of the Fiftiery to whom the fame shall be produced in order to obtain the said Bounties.

. XXIX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to ship or put on board any Bufs, Vefiel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Ireland^ where an Officer of the Fifliery shall be Rationed for the Irijb Fifhery, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fifliing Stores and Provifiona for the Suftenance of the Crew thereof, and to carry and convey the fame to the said Fidiery, without a Sufferance or Warrant or Coaft Cocket from the Officer of the Cuftoms.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to cure and pack Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel taken in the Iri/b Fifhery in Half Barrels ; and that every Half Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, packed or repaeked, shall contain Half the Quantity of Fi(h, exclusive of Salt and Brine, which a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel bungpacked or repaeked, is by this Aft required to contain respectively, and shall be entitled to Half of the Bounty by this Aft granted in respect of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and be subject to all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in the like Cafe is liable*

XXXI. Aad

A.D.1&19.

59° GEO.* III.

C. 109.

599

XXXI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for . a|iy Officer of the Fifhery to go and remain on board any Bufs, Veffel or Boat, having on board any Salt, Barrels, or other Fifhing Stores in Ireland, intended for the Irtfb Fifhery, or being at any '•Place where Herrings or other Fifh mall be taken and cured, or ^proceeding from any such Place for any Port or Place in Ireland, to examine the Condition of all Fifh, Salt, Barrels or Nets on board of any such Bufs, Veffel or Boat, and to put any Mark or Marks On the Barrel or Barrels on which any Herrings or other Fifh shall be contained on board thereof; and tne Mailer of every such Veffel

Officers may go on board Fishing Vessels, and examine Fish, Ac.

Masters of

or Boat shall, if required by any Officer of the Fifhery so to do, Vesselstopnv produce and deliver to such Officer for his InfpeCtion, the Cer-

Certificate of Registry, Act

tificate of Regiftry, (if such Veflel or Boat be liable to Regiftry,) and the Licence, Certificate or Declaration which he shall have or ought to have on board, and shall give to such Officer a true Account of the Name of the Owner or each of the Owners of such Bufs, Veffel and Boat, and the Place where such Owner resides, and the Name of each of the Crew thereof; and if any Mailer of such Bufs, Veffel or Boat as aforesaid, shall not, upon being required by any Officer of the Fifhery so to do, comply with all or any of the Requifitions herein contained, every Perfon so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fifhery, at all times when Herrings or othet Fifh are curing and packing or repaeking, and at all other times in the Day (or if in tne Nignt, in the presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace), to enter and come into any Cellar or Ware-houfe of any Curer of Herrings or other Fifh, or into any Place where Herrings or other Fifh shall be cured, packed or repaeked, to view and infpeCt the fame during the time of their being cured, packed or repaeked, and to put such a Mark or Marks on any Barrel or Barrels in which they shall be packed or repaeked, as they shall think fit, which Mark or Marks shall not he altered or defaced.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon before whom any Oath is hereby directed or required to be made, shall be and every such Perfon is hereby authorised and required to admi-nifter such Oath; and if any Perfon or Pfcrfons shall wilfully make a false Oath, rtfpe&ing any thing which by this A61 is required to be sworn, every such Perfon shall, upon Conviction, be liable to all the Penalties for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon other than an Officer of the said Fifhery, or not being authorised by or without the presence of such Officer, shall fraudulently burn or hrand, or cause to be burned or branded, or shall have in his Cuftody or Pofifeffion any Inilrument for the purpose of burning or branding, on any Barrel or Calk of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, any Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, which by virtue of this A 61 shall be appointed or directed to be burnt or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, by order and in pre-fence of such Officer, or any Mark or Character m Imitation thereof; or if any Perfon shall alter, erase or falsify any Licence, Certificate, Account, Declaration, Oath or other Document prescribed by this A61, every Perfon so offending, on being convicted thereof before a Juftice of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be

Qq &	committed

Penalty aoL

Officers may enter Warehouses, Ac. of Curers of Herrings, A*

Perjury.

Unauthorised Persons fraudulently branding Casks, Ac.

Erasing, Ac. Licences, Certificate*, Ac.

600

C.109.

39* GEO. IIL

A.D.1819.

Casks of Her* rings, if Brand dcfsend,

forfeited.

Imputes be* tween Owners,

Justices of Peace or In.

committed or the Offender found, being such Perfon, /hall for every Penalty* such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, or suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and every Barrel or Cafk on which any such Mark or Chara&er shall be fraudulently burnt or branded as afore-said, with the Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel therein contained, and every Inftrument which shall be in the PolTeffion of any Perfon for the purpose of fraudulently burning or branding the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer of the Fifliery or Cuftoms.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Mark fet or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, by any Officer or Officers of the Fifhery, pursuant to this A A, or to any Rules or Regulation! which shall be made by the said Commissioners of the Irifh Fifheries, shall be altered or defaced, every such Barrel, with the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel therein contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifheries or Cuftoms.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That any Difputes or Dif-. ferences which shall or may arise between the Perfons engaged on

S^Sm!>&nd	board any of the Veffels employed in the Irifh Fisheries, and the

bedteSded	Owner or Matter thereof, touching any Demands which such Perfons

- ■	-	may have against such Owners or Matters for or on account of

their ^ Wages or Shares of their Earnings of such Veffels, where fuck Demand does not exceed Five Pounds, and also all such Complaints of such Owners or Matters againtt any of the Perfons or Hands engaged on board such Veffels, for or on account of their abfentinr or withdrawing themselves from their Duty and Service on board any such Veffel, shall and may be determined by any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County where such Difputes arise, or by the Infpe&ors or other Officers to be appointed, who are hereby empowered to give such and the like Relief, and by such and the fame Remedies and Means, and to inflict such and the like Penalties and Puni(hment8, as the said Justices of the Peace are empowered to do in all Cafes of Difputes between Matters and Servants, or Artificers and their Employers, by all or any of the Laws now m being.

Officers of Cum- XjfXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That 8® on nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to restrain, prevent or hinder any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Goods not en- Revenue, who shall from time to time be deputed or appointed tend, &g. ; thereunto by the Chief Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties for the time being, or the major Part of them, from going on board and entering into any Ship or Veffel whatsoever, as well by Night as by Day, arriving and coining into any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Places, and to continue there on board until such Ship or other Veffel shall be fully unladen and discharged, or again reladen, in pursuance of the Powers mentioned in this A&, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer and Officers to enter and go into any Ship or other Veffel, to ieize, survey and make Search tor any Goods or Commodities either put on board any such Ship or other Veffel, or taken out and earned away, or intended to be carried away, without due Entry first had £nd made of the fame, or Payment of the Dutfes due and payable

thereupon.

C. 109.

601

thereupon, and to seize and carry away the fame, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as may be done by any Law, A& or A6ls of Parliament now in force in this Kingdom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at all times and Seafons of the Year when they shall think proper, (fubjo& nevertheless to the several Regulations, contained in this A61,) freely to fish for, take and buy from Fiftiermen, and cure any Herrings, Mackerel, Cod and Lyng, or other Sorts of FUh, in all and every Part of the Seas, Creeks and Bays wheresoever such Fi(h are to be found, or can or may be taken, on the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, save only in such Places as may be reserved by the Superintendants, or by order of the Commissioners of the Irijb Fifheries for the Prefervation of the Fry, and for the better Order and Regulation of the Filhery ; and that no other Perfon or Perfons, except such Supermtendant, shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, presume to obftru6t or hinder any Perfon or Perfons from (idling m the Places aforesaid; nor shall any Perfon presume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other Confideration whatsoever from the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom, for the Ufe of any Ports, Harbours or Wafte Shores on the Coafts of Ireland, except for the Payment of such Harbour or Pier Duties as are and by Law ought to be demanded for Ships, Veflels and Boats in Piers and Harbours which are built and artificially made ; and that every Perfon or Perfons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied and applied as other Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be levied, recovered and applied: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to the giving a Power to enter upon or use the Demefne Grounds, Gardens or Park of any Perfon, without Leave having been previously obtained.

XXXIX.	And in order more effectually to Secure the Performance of the several Requifites preScribed for obtaining the Bounties, and to enforce the Regulations for the better Prefervation and Improvement of the Said Fifheries ; be it enacted, That the said Inspectors and other Officers to be appointed for that Purpose, shall return to the Commissioners of the Irijh Fifheries, the Name of the Mailer or Owner of any Veffel, or of any Mariner or other Perfon belonging to any Veffel, who shall be convi6led of any Offence which (hafi be committed against the Provifions of this A61* or any of them, and the Amount of the Fines imposed and levied; and the Mailer or Owner of such Veffel so convi6led, or who shall refiife to deliver up any Mariner belonging to his Veffel, charged with an Offence, shall be deemed incapable of receiving any Bounty for such Veffel; and the Mafter or Owner who shall so refuse to deliver up any Mariner belonging to his Veffel as aforesaid, shall incur a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

XL. And be it further ena6led, That when any Veffel on her Fiihing Voyage shall founder at Sea, or by Diftrefs and Hardihip of Weather be forced on Shore, and wreeked, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, to order Payment of such Bounty to the Owner3 of said Veffel, as they would have been entitled to if such Veffel had not foundered or been forced

and may seize, &c.

Inhabitants of United Kingdom, under Regulation of Act, may take Herrings, Ac. on any Part of Coasts of G. B. or Ireland, Ac. Exception.

Without Payment of Dues. ’

Exception.

Penalty sol.

No Power to enter Demesnes, Ac.

Returns of Offenders convicted under this Act made to Commissioners of Fisheries.

Not delivering up Offenders.

Penalty.

Bounty payable to Owners of Fishing Vessels wreeked, Ac.

on

60S

50* GEO. III.

C. 109.

A.D. 1819.

Herrings brought to any Port not fit for Food, &c. forfeited.

Commissioners of Fisheries authorised tore* mit Forfeitures.

How Penalties recovered.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Commissioners for the Irish Fisheries.

with Power to appoint Secretary and Officers.

on Shore, and wrecked as aforesaid, or to the legal Representatives of such Owners in case of their being loft.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if my Perfon or Perfons shall bring into any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, any Herrings which shall not be good and fit for Man’s Food, or which shall not be packed in Barrels or in Bulk regularly and in Layers, and not heaped together, unless the fame shall be landed for the express purpose of smoaking, where Houfes are built expnfely for that Purpofe in the manner of Yarmouth, commonly called Red Herrings, and shall offer the fame to be fold, then all and every the Owners thereof, being convicted of. such Offence before the Infpe&or of the Fifheries, or such other Officer as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpole appoint, or Colle&or of any Port, Haven or Creek, shall lose and forfeit the fame; and such Part of said Fi(h that is not good as aforesaid shall be destroyed, and the rest shall be forfeited for the Ufe of the Poor.

XLI I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Fifli, Barrels or Caiks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or any Boats shall be seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of this A&, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Irtjb Fifheries, on Evidence given to their Satisfa&ion that the Forfeiture arose without any Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors, Claimant or Claimants, or Perfon or Perfons having the Cuftody, Care or Management for the time being of such rub. Barrels or Ca(ks, Salt, Nets, Netting or Boats, to order the fame to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants in such Manner and on such Terms and Conditions as under the Circum-ftances of the Cafe shall appear to the said Commissioners to be rea-fonable, and as they shall think fit to direct.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture by this A& imposed, except in any Cafe where other Provifion is hereby made, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered and levied by any Law or Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, or by A&km of Debt, Bill, riaint or Information, in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin respectively, or by Civil Bill in the proper Jurifdi&ion ; and One Moiety of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffon, and the other Moiety to such Perfon or Perfons as shall inform or sue for the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, from time to time to nominate and appoint any Perfons, not being less than Nine nor more than Twenty in Number, to be Commissioners specially for overseeing, dire&mg and improving the Fiflieries of Ireland, to be called Commissioners of the Ir& Fiftieries, with Power to them, or any Number of them, by the In-ftrument of Appointment to be determined, to execute or cauXe to be executed the Provifions of this A& in manner herein mentioned, and for that Purpofe to appoint a Secretary, and such Clerks and other Officers under them, (luch Secretary, Clerks and .other Officers being first approved of by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being), as they the

faid



j

A.DM8J9.

59® GEO. lit

C. 109.

603

said Commissioners of the Irijb Fifheries shall think fit; and also that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct such Salaries or Allowances to such Secretary, Clerks and other Officers, and to any Officers of the Fiihery to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as hereinafter mentioned, and all such other Expences as shall be incurred in the Execution of this Adi, to be paid out of the Revenue of Cuftoms and Port Duties arising in Ireland, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think fit: Provided always, that no Perfon shall act as Commiffioner under the Authority of tnis Adt, who shall be concerned diredUy or indiredUy in the said Fifheries, or any of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irifb Fifheries, to be appointed by virtue of this Adi, before they shall proceed in the Execution of any Powers or Authorities veiled in them by this Adi (fave only the Power of administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned 1, shall severally 'take and subscribe the following Oath ; that is to lay,

*	T A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according € to the befi of my Skill and Judgment, execute the feverd

*	Powers and Trufts reposed in me by an Adi patted in the Fifty

*	ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Thira, 4 intituled [here tn/ert the Title of this according to the Terms

*	and Purport of the said Adi; and that I am not direduy or indiredUy

*	concerned as an Adventurer in the Fifheries of Ireland or any of 4 them, or as a Curer of Herrings, and that so long as I shall con-

*	tinue to act as a Commiffioner under the said Adi, I will not be < concerned either diredUy or indiredUy as an Adventurer in the said 4 Fifheries, or any of them, or as a Curer of Herrings.

* So help me God.’

Which Oath any One of the laid Commissioners may administer to the other or others of them.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irtfh Fifheries to be appointed by virtue of this Adl shall and they are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered annually, on or before the Firfl Day of June in every Year, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a full and accurate Report of their Proceeding for the Year preceding; and shall also caule to be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Seffion next ensuing such Firfl Day of June, a Copy of every fucn Report signed by the said Commissioners.

XLVIl. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint Perfons at the respective Places on the Coaft of Ireland, where Herrings or other Fifh are caught or cured, and at the Ports or Places where Veffels are usually fitted out for the Irijb Herring Fifhery, and where Veffels employed in the said Fifhery usually ducharge their Cargoes, and also at the Ports of Exportation, to be Infpe&ors and Officers of the said Fifheries, and to overlook the curing of all Herring* and other Fifh caught, to take an Account of and dear out all Salt, Nets, Barrels and other

Stores,

Salaries.

Commissioner* for the Irish Fisheries to ba sworn.

Oath.

Commissioners to make Reports to the Lord Lieutenant and to Parliament.

Lord lieutenant to appoint Officers of the Fishery at Porta of Exportation, &c.

C.109.

59* GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

Qualification of Persons to be bo appointed.

Officers to obey Orders of Commissioners of Fishery.

Officers of Fishery may be dismissed by Commissioners.

Officers to be sworn.

Oath.

Commissioners may ascertain Measures for Herrings, &c.

Stores, shipped or put on board any Bufs, Veffel or Boat for the said Fifhery, and to inspect and take account of all Herrings and other Fi(h landed or exported, and to certify whether the Fifh are properly pined, cured and paeked, so as to be entitled to the Bounty by this Aft granted, or are fit to be exported: Provided always, that no Perfon shall be appointed an Officer for the Performance of any of those Duties, unleis such Perfon shall be (kilful in the Trade of a Cooper, and in the curing and packing of Herrings and Fiffi, and fully qualified to execute the Duties which will be required of him under the Provifions of this Aft ; Certificates of which Qualification shall be transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary ; and every such Officer so to be appointed shall obey such Inflruftions, Orders or Direftions, as he shall from time to time receive from the Com-miffioners of the Irjjh Fiffieries, to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, signified under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Secretary.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary and every Clerk or Officer of the Fiffiery to be appointed by virtue of this Aft shall be liable to be suspended or di (miffed frqjn his Office or Employment respectively, by the said Commissioners of the Iri/b Fiffieries, either for the Incompetency or for Negleft of Duty: Provided always, that every Infpeftor, Superintendant and other Officer of the Fiffieries, and the Secretary and every Officer and Clerk of the Commissioners of the Iri/b Fiffieries, and all Officers whatever appointed by virtue of this Aft, shall, previous to his entering upon the Duties of his Office, take and subscribe the following Oath:

4 J A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according * to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office and 4 Truft committed to me, of [the Name of the Office to he here mem-4 tioned] and that I am not directly or indirectly concerned as an 4 Adventurer in the Iri/b Fiffieries, or any of them, or in any other 4 Fiffieries, or as a Curer of Fiffi $ and that so long as I shall con-4 tinue to aft as [the Name of the Office to he here mentioned] I will 4 not be concerned, either directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in 4 the said Fiffieries, or any of them, or as a Curer of Fiffi.

4 So help me GOD/

Which Oath any one of the said Commissioners of the Irifb Fiffieries may administer to such Officer.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irifb Fiffieries shall be and they are hereby empowered to fix and determine, by Rules or Regulations to be made by them for that Purpose, the Content or Capacity of every Meafure by which Herrings or other Fiffi taken in the Irijh Fiffiery shall be bought and fold, also the Form or Dimenfions thereof, the Sort or Sorts of Wood of which it shall be made, the Thicknefs of eveiy Part thereof, the Number, Dimenfions of the Hoops with which it (nail be bound, and whether the Whole or what Part of such Hoops shall be of Iron ; and also to determine and direct what Marks or Charafters shall be fet, and upon what Part or Parts of every such Measure; and also to appoint a fit Perfon or Perfons at such Place or Places as they shall think proper to examine the fame; and upon finding any fuch

Meafure

f

A.D. 1815.	596	GEO.	III.	C.	109.

Meafure to be conformable in all respects to the Rules or Regulations to be made by the said Commiflioners as aforesaid, to cause such Marks or Charaders as aforesaid, to be branded thereon with a hot Iron in his presence, according to the Rules and Regulations aforesaid ; and if at any time after the Fir ft Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, any Meafure not so marked or branded as aforesaid, shall be made use of in the buying or receiving, felling or delivering of Herrings or other Fifh in the Irijh Fiftiery, or on any Part of the Coafts or Shores of Ireland, every Perfon so making use thereof, shall forfeit the said Measure, and alio the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the said Commiflioners of the Irijh Fifheries shall cause the said Meafure to be destroyed; and that the Provifions made by this Ad against the fraudulent branding of Barrels of Herrings with any Mark or Charader by this Ad appointed to be branded thereon, by order and in presence of an Officer of the Fi(heries, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Subject of this Provision, and to be put in execution against any Perfon or Perfons fraudulently branding any Meafure with such Marks or Characters as shall be appointed by the said Commiflioners, or with any Marks or Characters counterfeiting the fame.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall assault, refill, oppose, moled or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Filhery, or any Perfon or Perfons aCting in his or their Aid or Affiftance in the Execution of this ACt, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, every" such Perfon so offending, (halt for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the said Fiftiery shall demand, take or receive, direCtly or indireCtly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward whatever, other than such Salary as shall be allowed him by the Crown, for any thing done by him in the Execution of this Ad, or of his Office or Employment as aforesaid, every such Officer, on being convicted thereof, shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LI I. And be it further enacted. That the said Commiflioners of the Irijh Fifheries shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to make Rules and Regulations, directing in what Form and Manner every Journal, Declaration or Account, required by this Ad, shall be kept or made ; and to make and ordain such Rules, Orders and Regulations, from time to time, and to alter and vary the fame as they shall judge expedient, to be observed, performed and complied with by every Perfon claiming or to claim any of the Bounties granted by this Ad, either in respect of the Veffels to be used in the said Irijh Fifhery, or of the Fifti to be taken or cured, and in all Matters in anywise relating to the said Fiftiery, or to the Perfons who shall be engaged or employed in the fame; and that all such Rules, Regulations and Orders shall have the fame Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been contained in this Ad.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commiflioners of the Irijh Fifheries shall from time to time prepare, or cause to be prepared and printed, an Abftrad or ftiort Statement of the several Bounties granted by this Ad, and of the Conditions on which' such Bounties are payable, and of the Regulations to be observed in the said Fiftiery, in such manner as may be easily qnderftood by the

,	Fifhermen

605

Using Measures not marked by order of Commissioners.

Penalty, Ac.

Provisions of this Act against fraudulent, branding extended to this Provision.

Obstructing Officers of Fisheries*

Penalty aoL

Officers unduly taking Fees.

Loss of Office and Penalty tool.

Commissioners to make Rules as to Form of Journals, &c.

Commissioners to prepare Abstract of Boun- J ties, Regulations, &c ;

C. 109.

59° GEO. lit

A.D. 1819.

signed to be distributed.

Admiralty, on Application of

of Fisheries, to appoint a Su-perintendant.

Oath of Superintendent.

Acting without taking same. Penalty 50L

Power of Superintendent in regulating Fisheries.

FHhermen and others employed in the said Fiftieries, and shall cause such Abftraffc or Statement, tinned with the Names of Three of the said Commiflionert for the fnd Fifhery, to be distributed at the fcttwl Forts and Places to which the Perfona employed and concerned in the said Fifliery shall resort, and to be delivered to the Matters of Fifhing Veffels for the Information of the Crew.

LIV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty, upon the Application of the said Commiflioners of the Injh Fiftieries, to appoint One or more Commiffioned Officer or Officefs in His Majefty’s Nary as Super-intendant or Superintendants of the Fiftiery deicribed m this Ad, for the purpose of causing the fame to be carried on according to the Regulations of this Ad; and also as well for preferring Order among the Perfons employed therein as for proteding them and their Veffels against Enemies, and under such Orders, Rules and Regulations, as shall be made in that Behalf by the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall be appointed to be a Superintendant as aforesaid, before he shall do any Ad in virtue of such Appointment, shall take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore required and fet forth before the Commiflioners of the Fiftieries, or any One of them, or before any Colledor of the Cuf-toms in any Port in Ireland, or any Juftice of the Peace, and which Oath such Colledor or Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorised to administer J and in case such Superintendant shall ad without having first taken such Oath, he shall forfeit a Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LvI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Superintendant of the said Fiftieries, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by his Orders, at all times whenever he shall think (it, either at Sea or in any Loch or Bay, or on the Coaft during the Continuance of the Fifhery, or after the Return from the Fifhery, to go on board any of the Veffels employed in the Fifhery, under his Superintendence, to infped the Licence and Certificate of Regiftry of such Veffel, and the Journal kept by the Mafter, pursuant to tne Directions of this Ad (all which the Mafter of every such Bufs or Veffel, on being thereunto required, shall forthwith produce and deliver to such Superintendant, for his Infpedion and Examination, and (hch Superintendant is hereby empowered to detain any such Bufs or Veffel, till all or any of the said Documents demanded by him shall be so produced or delivered to him), and to examine whether the Mafter and other Perfons on board the fame are in all respects carrying on and profecutingthe said Fifhery in the manner hereby required ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall impede or obftrult, or attempt to impede or obftru&, any other Perfon or Perfons in the lawful Pro-fecution of the said Fifhery, such Superintendant shall require such Perfon or Perfons so impeding or obstructing, or attempting to impede or obftru6t, any other rerfon or Perfons, to desist from so doing; and if such Perfon or Perfons so required to desist shall dif-regard such Requifition, it shall be lawful for such Superintendant to employ such Force as shall be necessary to compel him or them to preserve Order, if the Mafter or any Part of the Crew are or shall not be in all respects carrying on and prosecuting the Fifhery in the Manner hereby required, or had impeded or obstructed, or attempted to impede or obft'ruft any other Perfon or Perfons in the

lawful

6

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 109.

607

lawful Profecution of the said Filhery, such Superintendant shall report the fame fully and particularly to the said Commissioners for the Irijb Fitheries, and shall deliver one Copy of such Report under his Hand to the Mailer of such Bufs or Veflel, and shall transmit another Copy to the said Commissioners by the first Opportunity; and if any Pcrfon or Perfona shall resist or obstruct any such Superintendant, or any Perfon. or Perfons acting under him in the Execution of any of the Powers to him or them given by this Ad, every Perfon so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Adion shall be brought for any thine done in pursuance of this Ad, it shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fad, and the Defendant may plead the General Ifsue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance of this Ad ; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if the Adion shall be brought contrary nereto, the Jury shall find for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer a Difcontinuance of Adion, or if on Demurrer or otherwise Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall have Treble Cofts.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed from time to time under the Provifions of this Ad, as Infpedor or Infpedors of the said Fiffieries, to enter on board every Veflel fitted out for (idling, and lying in any Harbour, Creek or Haven of Ireland, within Headland and Headland, for the purpose of purchasing Fi(h to cure, to examine and fee that all the several Laws and Regulations made or to be made for the better Prefervation and Improvement of the said Fifheries, be duly'obferved by all and every Perfon or Perfons concerned therein ; and upon any Complaint made or Information given upon Oath to such Perfon or Perfons respectively, which Oath they and each of them is and are hereby empowered to administer, against any Perfon or Perfons relative to -and for the Punifliment of any Offence which shall be committed against the Provifions of this A&, to issue a Warrant or Warrants against the Perfon or Perfons so complained of or informed against, and to cause such Perfon or Perfons so complained of or informed against to be apprehended and brought before such Infpedor or Inipedors by the Captain or Mailer of the Veflel, if belonging to a Ship, or by the Skipper of the Boat to which such Perfon or Perfons may belong; and if it shall appear to such Infpedor or Infpedors, or by the Teftimony upon Oath of such Informer, or other Witnjfs or Witnestes, that the Perfon or Perfons so informed against or complained of shall have been guilty of the Offence or Offences with which such Perfon or Perlons shall have been so charged, then and in every such Cafe such Infpedor or Infpedors shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, cause all and every the Fine or Fines to which said Offender or Offenders is or are or shall be liable, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, and for want of such Diftrefs or Payment, to commit the Perfon so offending to the next County Gaol for any Period not exceeding Three Months ; if the Perfon or Perfons so complained against mail abfeond, then the Mafter or Owner of such Veflel, or the Skipper of such Boat, shall appear before the said Infpedor within Twenty four Hours after the Service

Obstructing

SupcriaAeuont.

Penalty icL

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Power of Inspectors to see that Regulations are complied with.

Inspector to levy Fines by Distress, and for want of Distress to commit Offenders.

Masters of Vessels, &c. assisting Offenders to escape.

60S

Penalty ool. Person absconding not to recover Wages, Ac.

Inspector to be sworn.

Inspector and Officers unduly taking Fees or conniving at Offences, Ac.

Penalty 100L Privileges of Revenue Officers extended to Commissioners and Officers of Irish Fisheries, Ac.

Boats proceed* ing to Fisheries, to be numbered, Ac. and registered.

C. 100.	59® GEO. in.	A.D. 1819.

vice of Notice to appear before him ; and if such Matter, Owner or Skipper shall not lufficiently exculpate himself, by Affidavit, from being accessary to the absconding of such Perfon or Perfons, in that Cafe, upon Reprefentation to the Infpe&or to the Commissioners of the Fittieries, such Matter, Owner or Skipper shall forfeit Twenty. Pounds, and the Perfon so absconding shall be for ever debarred from recovering any Wages or Share of Fifh to which he would have been otherwise entitled, by reason of his being a Hand or one of the 'Crew on board such Veffel, as also all Bounties to which he would otherwise have been entitled.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in order to enforce due Observance of the Duty and Truft so to be committed to such In-fpector or Infpe&ors, every such Infpe&or or Infpe&ors shall, previous to his or their entering into Office, take and tubferibe the Oath hereinbefore required and fet forth, which Oath any Commiffioner of the Fittieries, or any Colle&or of the Cuftoms in any Port in Ireland, is and are hereby empowered to adminitter; and if any such Infpe&or or Infpe&ors, or any other Officer or Officers of the Fifti-eries, shall take any Reward, Fee, Gratuity or other Conttderation (except as is hereinafter provided), from or on behalf of any Perfon employed or concerned in such Fittieries, or any of them, or shall wilfully assist to conceal or connive at any Fraud or Offence contrary to the Laws enacted in that behalf, any such Infpe&or or Infpe&ors, or other Officer being guilty of such Offence, shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Privileges, Prote&ions and Provifions given and ordained by any A& or A&s in force in Ireland, for Officers of the Cuttoms and Excife, on the Occafion of their acting in the Execution of their respective Offices, as to any A&ion or Suit, or the tendering of Amends, or the Payment of Coils, or any thing whatsoever, shall extend and be applied to the aforesaid Commissioners of the Iri/h Fittieries, and to the Superin-tendant and the Officers of the Fittieries appointed in pursuance of this A&, and to all Perfons appointed to a& under them, or acting in their Aid or Affittance, or in the Execution of this A&, as fully to' all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Privileges, Prote&ions and Provifions were exprefslv inserted in this A&, and applied by the fame for and in respect ot the Several Perfons aforesaid.

4 LXI. And Whereas a great Number of Sail Boats and small 4 Boats proceed every Year to the Fittieries on the Coafts of Ireland,

4 and from the irregular Manner in which they (hoot their Nets, the 4 Fiihery is greatly injured, and the Nets of other Fi(hermen are 4 much damaged, and the Offenders cannot be difeovered so as to be 4 brought to Juftice ;* Be it enacted, That no Boat shall proceed to the said Fittieries, unless the Name of the Skipper and Number of the Boat is cut or painted in large Chara&ers with White Lead and Oil, on the Stern of the said Boat, and the Number on the Oars and Buovs belonging to her ; which Boat, and her Number and the Name ot the Skipper, shall be registered with the lnfpe&or or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, of the Dittri& wherein said Skipper shall reside; and in case any such Boat shall (hoot any Net, or take any Fifh, without Earing the Skipper’s Name and her Number painted, and being registered as aforesaid, the Skipper of said Boat shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered

and

Penalty 4Cs.

A J). 1819.

59° GEO. III.

a jo9.

609

and applied in the £une manner as the other Penalties in this Ad ; and fucn Infpedor or other Officer with whom such Boat ftiall be so Officer to ro-registered, shall return an Account of the fame to the Colledor of turn to Col-the Diftrid in which such Infpedor or other Officer shall re fide, lector *» &c-within One Month after such Boat shall have been regillered as afore-	"

said, in order to be tranfmstted to the CommjjEoners of Fifheries.

4 LXII. And Whereas the Harbours on the Coafta of Ireland 4 have been materially injured by the irregular manner wherein Veffels,

4 resorting to the Fifheries, throw out and pnlade their Ballaft ;* Be

it further enacted, That no Fifhing Veflel or Boat shall throw out or Regulation* as

difcharge her Ballaft on any Part of the said Coast, except at such to throwing out

Places (all above Low Water) as shall be directed and appointed Ballast.

from time to time by the Infpedors of the Fifheries, or other Officers

to be appointed for that Purpofe within their respective Diftrids;

and the Mailer or Chief Officer of any Fifhing Veflel, or the Skipper

of any Fifhing Boat, who shall be convicted of having thrown out

or discharged any Ballaft contrary to the Divediqns of this Ad,

shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, penalty jl. to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other Penalties in this Ad are made recoverable and applicable.

* LXIII. And Whereas the Perfons concerned in the said Fifheries 4 have frequent Occafions to make ProtefU during the Continuance 4 of the said Fifhing Seafon, and suffer great Inconvenience because 4 there is no Notary Public residing on any Part of the said Coafl Be it therefore enacted, That from and after palling of this Ad it Inspectors may shall and may be lawful to and for the several Infpedors of the act as Notaries laid Fifheries to receive and make Protefls in the fame manner as the in fame are now usually made or received by or before any Public	Pro"

Notaries within this kingdom, and that such Protefls so made and * received, shall be good and valid, and of as high Authority as those new usually made before Public Notaries, and shall be of equal Credit, and in like manner received as Evidence in all Courts of Juffice, and that each and every of the said Infpedors shall and may have and use a Seal of Office, whereby to authenticate such ProtefU as aforesaid, and shall also be entitled to have and receive for such Proteft so made before or by him, such Fee as a Public Notary and tike the would be entitled to in that behalf, and no more; and also, that it Bees of Notaries shall and may be lawful for the said Infpedors to administer such th®peon*

Oaths as are or may be necessary to be made by the several Perfons who shall make Protefls before them.

JLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers Bfersonsob-of the Fifheries, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by or ading^^Jet,"^>&c' under the said Commiffipners of the Fifheries, being on shore or fisheries, going on board, or returning frqp* on board, pr being on board any Veflel or Boat engaged in the said Fifheries, shall be opposed, ob-ftrufted or assaulted in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, aiw Perfon or Perfons so opposing, obilruding or assaulting the utid Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all such as shall ad in his or their Aid or Affistance, shall arid mmy ** carried may be carried and conveyed befqre One of His Majefty’s Juft ices of	Ju8

the Peace residing near the Place where such Offence shall be com- ’ milied, or where such Perfon or Perfons shall be apprehended, and such Juft ice shall, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witjnefs or Witnestes, in case he shall not find sufficient Bail for his 59 Geo. III.	R	r	Appearance

610

C. 109.

69° GEO. in.

A.D.1819.

If found guilty on Indictment,

Misdemeanor. Officers not deemed Trespassers, or liable to Damages, except for Malice.

Lord Lieutenant may order Money to be paid out of Revenue of Customs to Commissioners of Fisheries, for Encouragement of Coast Fisheries.

Commissioners to report Application thereof, &c.

Appearance at the next Quarter Seffions or Affixes to be holden for the County in which the Place aforesaid shall be situate, to commit such Perfon to the Gaol of such County, there to remain until the next Quarter Seffions or Affizes to be holden for said County, or until such Perfon shall be delivered by due Courfe of Law; and in case an Indiftment shall be found against such Perfon or Perfons, such Perfon or Perfons shall forthwith plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame, and if duly convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor and punished accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Supenntendant, or other Officer aft in g in the Execution of -any of the Provifions of this Aft, or in the enforcing any Rules and Regulations made and in force under the Authority thereof, shall be deemed a Trefpafler, or be liable to any Aftion, Suit or Profecution, for or by realon of any Aft, Matter or Thing, done in the Execution of his Office, or for the carrying the Provifions of'this Aft into Execution, or enforcing any Kulesor Regulations established under the fame, and not done by him maliciously; and if any Perfon shall bring a Suit or Aftion for any such Matter or Thing, and it shall appear to the Court before which the fame shall be tried, that the Aft complained of in such Aftion or Suit was pot done maliciously, and the Court shall certify the fame on the Record, then and in that Cafe the Plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than Sixpence Damages, nor to any Cofts of Suit.

LXVI. And for the Encouragement of the Coaft Fisheries of Ireland, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time to direct any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in any one Year, to be paid to the Commiffioner8 of the Irijh Fifheries, out of the Revenues of the Cuftoms and Port Duties m Ireland, to be applied by the said Com-imffioners in the Encouragement of such Coau Filheries, under such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Direftions, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpose: Provided always, that the said Commissioners (hsfll, on or before the First Day df June in each Year, report to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in what manner and under what Regulations such Sum or Sums of Money have been applied; and that a Copy of such Report signed by the (aid Commissioners shall from time to time be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every .Seffion next ensuing such First Day of June.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That an Aft made in the

G. 3. (I.)

96 0.$. (I.)

%1 O. j. (I.) a8 G. 3. (I.)

Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fifth Year of the'Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jin A8far the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries on the Coafts of this Kingdom ; and also an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said recited Aft of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid; and also an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said recited Aft of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid; and also an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to explain and amend the

Laws

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

611

C.IOM10.

Law relative to the Fijheries on the Coajlt of this Kingdom; all continued by which Adis have, by several Adis, been from time to time continued, T^gII£C<g to and rare in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September One ^rethtnto thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall, from and after the said cease.

Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, cease and determine, and shall no longer be in force and effect.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That this Adi shall be in Continuanoe force for Five Years from and after the palling thereof, and from Act. thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CX.

An Adi to remove Doubts respecting the Dues payable to the Levant Company.	[	12th July 1819.3

4 \X J HERE AS His late Majesty King James the First, by His Letters Patent 4 VV Letters Patent bearing date the Fourteenth Day of" December 3 boc. 1.

4 in the Third Year of His Reign, did grant to several Perfons therein I4th Det*

4 named, and to their Sons, and such others as should then after be 4 admitted or made free, that they should be One Fellowfliip and 4 One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of “ The Governor 4 and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant 4 Seas,” and by the fame Name (hornd have perpetual Succession:

4 And Whereas His late Majesty King Charles the Second, by His 4 Letters Patent bearing date the Second Day of April in the 4 Thirteenth Year of IBs Reign, did ratify and confirm the said 13 Car. a.

4 Letters Patent of King James the First: And Whereas by an A& sd April,

* made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty a. c. 18.

4 King George the Second, intituled An AS for enlarging and rtgu- $

4 bating the Trade into the Levant Seas, it is amongst other tilings 4 enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every 4 Perfon and Perfons, being free of the said Company, separately 4 or jointly to export or cause to- be exported from any Port or 4 Place in Great Britain to any Port or Place within the Limits of

*	the said Letters Patent, in any British or Plantation built Ships

*	(navigated according to Law), at any time, and to any Perfon or 4 Perfons whomsoever, being Freemen of the said Company, or Sons

*	or Apprentices of Freemen (fuch Freemen, Sons or Apprentices 4 being His Majefty’s Christian Subje&s), so long as such Perfon or

*	Perlons shall remain under and submit to the Prote&ion and 4 L>ir£6lion of the British Ambaffador and Confuls respectively for 4 the time being, any Goods, Wares or Merchandifes whatsoever, not

*	prohibited'by Law to be exported, and also to import in like 4 manner from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Letters 4 Patent, Raw Silk or ariv,«gikbr Goods, Wares or Commodities

*	purchased within the said ^Limits (not prohibited by Law to be 4 imported), upon paying or fecUring the Cuftoms and other Duties

*	payable for the lame to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors,

4 by virtue of any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, and 4 upon paying such Impofitions or Sums of Money as shall be 4 mflefled and charged upon all Goods, Wares or Merchandifes to be'

4 exported or imported as aforesaid, or upon any Ships laden with

1 the fame, for defraying the necessary Expences of the said Com-’

; pamy : And Whereas by an A & made in the Twentieth Year of' %o 0.3 r

R r 2	‘the

612

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1619.

CL 110.

13

43 0.3. c. X53*

Si.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to repeal so much of an Ad made in the Nineteenth Tear of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Ads which prohibit the exporting, carrying or conveying Com out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Ads made in Great Britain which prohibit the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland, and which tale off the Drawhacl upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Importation into and Exportation from Ireland of such Goods as may be imported into or exported from Great Britain by tSe Merchants ef England trading to the Levant Seas* it is amongst other things enacted, that inch Goods as may lawfully be exported from and imported into Great Britain in Briti/h Ships, by any Perfon or Perfons free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of €i The Turkey Company,” be exported from or imported into any Port or Place in the Kingdom of Ireland, by any Perfon admitted or to be admitted into and made free of the laid Company, in Briti/h or Irijh Ships or Vefleh legally navigated* on paying such Impositions or Sums of Money as frail be afibfled and charged on aH Goods, Wares or Merchandise to be exported and imported as afore laid, or on any Ships laden with the fame, for defraying the necessary Expenccs of the said Company: And Whereas Doubts have artfen whether the Dues, Impofitions or A Ae Aments of the said Turkey Company can legally be coUe&ed in Ireland in respect of such Exportations or Importations mentioned in the lafl: mentioned Aft, in consequence of the said Aft having patted in the* Parliament of Great Britain before the Union with Irelands And Whereas by an A61 made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Msyefty, intituled An Ad to permit* during the Continuance of Hofiihties* and until Six Months after the Ratification of m Dehsutive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland m Neutral Veffels* from States in Amity with His; Mtsyefiy% of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife* and to empower His Mayfly by Order in Council to prohibit the Exportation of Copper> and to permit the Importation in Neutral Veffels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife^ it is amongst other things enacted, that it Audi and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons admitted ioto and made free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from Turkey or Egypt* or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Veffel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland* navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Veffel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, navigated by foreign Semen from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment ot the fame Duties, if imported in Briti/h or Irijh built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in Brttfb or Irt/h buit Ships directly from the Place of their Growth, Produ&on or Manufafture, but if such Goods Audi be imported in any foreign built Ship or VeAel, then and in such Cafe the Goods fb imported* frail be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been

< fubjed

A.D. 1819.

590 geo. nr.

C.UO.

619

*	fubieft and Hable to if the had last recited Ad had not been made;

4 ana it is by the (hid Ad further enacted, that no Entry shall be $4*

1 suffered to pass at any Cuffom House in the United Kingdom for 4 any such Goods of the Growth, Produdion or Manufacture of 4 Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior,

4 as before the paifing of the said Ad might be imported only from

*	fuch Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within ‘ the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which

*	would hare been liable to the Payment of higher Duties when not 4 imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Production,

*	and which by the Authority of the said A6t are permitted to be

*	imported in manner aforefaia, until the Perfon. importing or entering

*	the fame shall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of 4 His Maiefty's Cuftoms in Great Britain, and to the proper Officer 4 of the Rr renue in Ireland at the Pbrt of Importation* a Certificate 4 under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey

*	Company, certifying that such Perfon is free of the said Company,,

4 and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the 4 said Company, anil has conformed in all refpeda to the Rules and 4 Regulations of the said Company relative thereto; and by the said 4 Aft it is further enacted, that ail Goods, Wares and Merchandife

4 of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported! .

4 into Great Britain under the Authority of the find Ad, shall be 41 subject and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company*

4 in Eke manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandife had been 4 imported into Great Britain directly from Turkeys And Whereas 4 by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Rfeign of His 55 G* k c. 19.

*	prefent Majesty, intituled An A8 to regulate the Trade Ae/cror* Malta 4 and he Dependencies and Hit Majefty9! Colonies and Plantations in 4 America, and alp> between Malta and the United Kingdom, it is

4 amongst other things enacted, that it shall be lawful for any Perfon $ 9*

4 or Perfbna to import from the I (land of Malta, or the Depen*

4 dende* thereof, into the United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares or 4 Merchandife not prohibited to be imported, beingof the Growth,.

4 Produce and Manufacture of any Country or Place within the

*	Streights or Levant Seas, in British built Ships or Vefleis, owned,

4 navigated and registered according to Law, and in no other Ship or 4 Veflel whatever, on Payment of fuch'Duties as now are ot hereafter.

4 may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandife 4 when, imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively;	1

4 that all fiich Goods, Wares and Merchandise, beingof the 4 Produce or MfcnufaChire ,of any Place within the Dominions of 4 the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, so imported under 4 the Authority of this Ad, shall be subject and liable to the Pay-4 meat of the fame Duties- to the Company of Merchants of England'

4 trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the 4 Name of The Turkey Company,, as shall be payable on the like 4 Articles when imported direct from Turkey by Perfons being 4 Members of the said Company ; and it is thereby further enacted,

4 that it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons admitted $ zx. 4 into and made free of the said Company of Merchants of England 4 trading into the Levant Seas, to import into the United Kingdom 4 from the said Ifland of Malta, or the Dependencies thereof, in 4 British built Ships or Vefleis, Qwned, navigated and regiftered

R r 3

4 according

614

6'

57 Ck 3. c. 4.

M

Goods of Tur-, key or Egypt,

. Ac. imported - directly from thence, liable \ to Duties pay-t‘ able to Turkey Company,

‘ under recited Letters Patent and Acts.

Powers of recited Acta ; extended to , this Act.

Public Act.

C. 110.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

according to Law, any Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn, being the Growth or Produ&ion of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, provided that all such Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn so imported into the United Kingdom shall be subject and liable to the Duties due and payable to the said Turkey Company, in like manner as if such Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn had been imported into the United Kingdom directly from Turkey: And Whereas by an Adi made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled yin Aft to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar, it is enacted, that the Trade between Gibraltar and His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom* shall and may be carried ou in like manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said Ad with respect to Malta and His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Malta and the United Kingdom, as if the fame were particularly and expressly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of the said A d made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient to remove all Doubts as to the Payment of the Dues, Duties or lmpofitions granted to the said Company :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The Kind’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all Goods, Wares and Merchandise, to whomsoever belonging, of the Growth, Produ&ion or Manufa&ure of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, imported into the United Kingdom directly from Turkey or Egyptj or from any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or from any other Countiy or Place, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable to the said Turkey Company under and by virtue of the said several Letters Patent and Ads of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned, or any or either of them.

II.	And he it further enacted. That all and every the Clauses, Rules and Regulations in the said several Ads contained, for the purpose of securing and enforcing the Payment of the said Duties to the said Company, shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force and Ested, as fully and eifedually as if the fame bad been repeated and rc-cna&ed in the Body of this Ad, any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be ft further enacted. That this Ad shall be deemed and~taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without beiog specially pleaded*

C AP-

A.DL1819.

59° GEO. IH.

Clll

6J5

CAP. CXI.

An A€t to repeal so much of an A€t palled in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Foliage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cape of Good Hopey Ceylon, the Mauritius, told the East Indies; and to make other Regulations refpefling the Poftage of such Letters and Packets, and other Letter* and Packets sent by the Poll.

WHEREAS an A& was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 G. 3. c.153* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for §*•

*	granting certain Rates on the Foliage of Letters to and from Great < Britain, the Cape of Good Hope, the Mauritius, and the East ‘ Indies, and for making certain Regulations rejpeSing the Pojlage of

*	Ship'Lettersy and of Letters in Great Britain : And Whereas it is

*	expedient that the said A6fc, so far as it relates to the Poftage and

*	Conveyance of Letters, Newfpapers, printed Prices Current, and

*	printed Papers, to and from the Cape of Good Hopey Ceylon$ the ‘ Mauritius, and the East Indies, (houla be repealed, and that other

*■ Regulations Ihould be made in lieu thereof $’ Be it therefore ena&ed	x

by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and’ by the Authority of the fame*

That from and after the palling of this A& the said A&of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates, to the Poftage and Conveyance of Letters, Newfpapers, printed*

Prices Current, and printed Papers, to and from the Cape of Good.

Hopey Ceylony the Mauritius, and the East Indies, shall be and the repealed, fame is hereby repealed.	*	*

II.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further ena£ted. That Penalties in-my Penalty which shall have been incurred for any Offence contrary curred may be to the Provifions of the said recited A&, previously to the palling of recovered, this A&, shall and may be recovered and applied in the fame Manner,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited A& had not been -repealed.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful The following

for His. Majefty’s Poftmatter General, to demand, have, receive and Rates of Posttake for every Letter or Packet which shall be brought into Great	be P“d*

Britain by any Ship or Veffel arriving from Ceylon9 the Mauritiusy,

or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United.

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies y or	»

from the Cape of Good Hopcy the Rates following; that is to fay,

For every such Letter or Packet, a Sea Poftage of Four pence; Rates for Let. provided the fame (Hall not exceed the Weight oF Three Ounces:	tors from Jngia

And for every Letter or Packet exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces, a Sea Poftage of One Shilling per Ounce,, in addition to any of G*od Hopt* inland or internal Poftage which may arise upon the inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets.	,

And for the Encouragement of the Mafters oc Commanders of such Allowance so Ships or Veffels, it shall be lawful for the Poftmafter General to Commanders allow to every such Commander or Maftcr the Sum of Tw	&c.

[I2th July 1819.]

R r 4

616

C.II1

sr GEO. III.

A.D. 1819

a Letter or Packet, upon all such Letters and Packets a* he or d*7 refpeflively, on their Arrival frQm Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, shall deliver unto the Deputy or Deputies of the Poftmafler General, according to the Dire&ions "hereinafter contained.

Letters may be forwarded to India.

Rates for Isetters to India.

Rates for Mews* papers, &c.

Letters, &c. may be forwarded in any other manner thaq through the Post Office.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorised, in his and their Difcretion, to collect and receive Letters and Packets of Letters directed to Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the said United Company’s Charter, or to the Cape of Good Hope, and to forward the fame by any Ships or Veffels that he in his Difcretion shall think fit; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty *s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorised, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiors, to demand, have, receive and take, for every Letter or Packet that shall be delivered to him, or to his Deputy, for Conveyance in manner hereinbefore specified, the Rates following ; that is to fay,

For every such Letter a Sea Poftage of Two pence; provided the fame shall not exceed the Weight of Three Ounces:

And for every Letter or Packet exceeding m Weight Three Ounces, a Sea Poftage at the Rate of One Shilling per Ounce: any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof not* withstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto authorised, in hi^ and their Difcretion, to receive Newfpapers or printed Price Currents, and also any printed Paper liable to thfe Stamp Duties and duly damped, for Conveyance to such Places as aforesaid ; and also that it shall and may be lawM to and for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies, to and for the Ufe of .His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Conveyance of the fame, the Sum of One Penny for each Packet not exceeding One Ounce, and for each Packet exceeding One Ounce, at the Rate of One Penny per Ounce ; provided always, that the fame be lent in Covers open at the Sides.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to oblige any Perfon or Periods to fend any Letters or Packets of Letters, or any Newfpapers, or printed Price* Current, or any other printed Papers, to the East Indies, or to the Iflands of Ceylon or the Mauritius, or any Port or Place whatsoever within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or to the Cape of Good Hope, through His Majefty’s Poft Office, but that it shall be lawful for all Perfons to fehd Letters and Packets of Letters, Newfpapers, printed Prices Current, and other printed Papers to those Places in any manner that they may find pra&icablc ana convenient.

Commanders of VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commanders of all Ships bound to Ships or Veffels bound to Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any IV>ft or East Indies re- Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, quired to take	0

Bags.

A J). 1819.

50° GEO. IIL

C.111,



617

or to the Cape of Good Hope, are hereby required to receive on board their refpe£ttve Ships any Bag or Bags of Letters and Packets which mall be tendered to them for Conveyance as aforesaid by the Poftxnafter General, or his Deputy and Deputies, without receiving or being entitled to receive any Remuneration for^fuch Conveyance.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any such Commander shall refute to receive on board his Ship any such Bag or Bags of Letters and Packets, which shall be to tendered to him for Conveyance as aforesaid, or having received on board any such Bag or Bags, shall wilfully neglect to deliver the fame on his Arrival at the Port or Place of his Dedination, then and in either of such Cases, such Commander shall forfeit and pay a Penaky of Two hundred Pounds.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Court of Dire&ors of the (laid United Company, or the Secret Committee appointed by the said Court, in pursuance of Two A&s pailed in the Thirty third and Fifty third Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, to receive free from all Duty of Poftage from the several Governments in India, or from any Agent or other Officer of the (aid Company, at any Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, any Letter or Packet relating entirely to the Affairs of the (aid Company, and in like manner to fend any such Letters and Packets aadreffed to such Governments, Agents or other Officers, free from all Duty of Postage; provided that all Letters so tent be superscribed by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or Secretary or Affiftant Secretary of the said Company.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors, Secret Committee, ana Secretary or Affiftant Secretary of the said United Company, to receive from any Officer or Agent of the said Company abroad any Letters or Packets entirely relating to the Affairs of the said Company by Ships in the Service of the said Company, in the maimer heretofore accustomed, without Payment of any Postage, and without subjecting any Perfon to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and for the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Eajt India Company for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets to and from Ceilon, the Maurkm, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of thefrid Company, or to and from the Cape of Good Hope, free from all Duty of Postage; provided that no fuck Letter or Packet exceed the Weight of Tnree Ounces.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A£t contained shall extend, or be conilrued to extend, to prevent such public Officers as may now fend and receive Letters and Packets free of Postage, from fending and receiving Letters and Packets free from any Poftage directed to be paid by this Aft., in the

'fame manner as they are now authorised by Law to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful For the Secretary to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Pqft free from the Duty of Postage, in the fame maimer and

under

Refusing to . receive, or neglecting to deliver.

Penalty SocL

Court of Directors and Secret Committee may receive and send Letters, Sec, as herein mentioned, free, 4c.

Proviso.

And may receive same by Company's , Ships free.

So as to Commissioners for India and Chairman of Company;

and as to Public Officers who now tend and receive Letters free.

Privilege of franking to Secretary of Board of Con-troul.

C. lit.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Letters from Governor of Ceylon, Ac. to Agents of such Government* free.

Directors nuy receive certain Letters free of Sea Postage; so may Ex-Directors for. One Year.

Owners of Ships may receive Letters by their own Vessels free ot Sea Postage. Proviso.

As also Owners or Consignees-of Goods.

Proviso.

Falsely superscribing Letters as Ship Owners, Ac.

Penalty ioL

Owners, &c. may obtain certain Letters

under finch Regulations and Rettridions as the Under Secretaries to His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State are, by an Ad patted in the Forty second Year of His prefent' Majefty’s Reign, or by any other Ad, or by this Ad, authorised to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Pottage.

' XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any other Ad contained fhall'extend to charge with the Duty of Pottage any Letters or Packets addressed by the Governors of His Majefty’s Settlements of Ceylon, the Cape of Good Hope, or the Mauritius, or by the Secretaries of such Governments respectively, to the Agent* of those respective Governments residing in England, or by such Agpnts to such Governors or Secretaries : Provided always, tnat the Cbntents of such Letters and Packets relate bond'fide to the Public Service or Concerns of such Governments, and such Governor, Secretary or Agent respectively fuperferibe the fame.

XV- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Diredors of the said Company for the time being, to receive Letters and Packets free from Sea Pottage, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, by Ships in the Service of the faid'Company ; provided that the Letters and Packets brought by any one such Ship to be received by any such Director, do not colledively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces; and that such Perfons as shall, have been Diredors may continue to receive fucE Letters and Packets free from Pottage for One Year after they respectively shall have ceased to be Diredors.

AVI. And be it further enacted, That it fltall be lawful for the Owners, Charterers or Confignees of Veffel*, resident in Great Britain, to receive their Letters by their own Veffels, from Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, free from Sea Pottage; provided that such Owners, Charterers or Con-fignses shall be deferibed as such in the Addrefs and Superfcription of such Letters, and that such Letters brought by any one Veflel to any one Owner, Charterer or Confignee, shall not colledively exceed the Weight of Twenty Ounces.

XVII.	And he it further enaded* That’it shall be lawful for the Owners or Confignees of Goods on board Ships arriving from Ceylom, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Charter of the faid’ United Company, or from the Gape of Good Hope, to receive Letters free from the Sea Pottage by fuch- Ships; provided that such Owners or Confignees shall be deferibed as such in the Addrefs and Superfcription thereof; and provided it shall appear by the Ship’s Manifest, that such Perfons adually] have Goods on board such Ships; and that the Letter or Letters brought by any one such. Ship, for any one such Owner or Confignee, malb not cofle&krdy exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Ferfon whatsoever shall falsely fuperferibe any Letter, as being the Owner, Charterer or Confignee of the Veffel conveying the fame, or the Owner, Shipper or Confignee of the GoodB shipped m the Veffel, every such Perton and Perfons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That such Owners, Charterers, Confignees and Shippers, may on the Account of such Ship obtain

fuch

A.D.181&

59° GEO. IIL

C.I11.

619

such Letters as they refpeftivcly may be entitled to receive free of before De-Sea Poflage as aforesaid, from the Mailer of such Ship, before he jhjjjT ** Post] /hall make his Delivery at the Poll Office in manner hereinafter ^™oe* directed ; but nothing in this Aft shall entitle such Owners or Con* fjgnees to take away any Letters whatever not within the Limitation of Weight and Superfcription.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector, Certain Letters Comptroller or other Officer of His Majefly’s Cufloms, shall find of Owners, 4c. any Letter or Letters superscribed as the Letters of such Owners,

Charterers, Confignees or Shippers, exceeding the Weight limited office, by this Aft, then it shall be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer, to seize so many of the Letters as shall reduce the Remainder within the proper Weight, and he shall take the fame to the neared Pod Office ; and the rod Mader of the Place shall pay to the Officer delivering the fame at the Rate of Sixpence for eacn Letter or Packet so seized.

XXL And be it further enacted. That on the Arrival of any Ship Masters of or Veflel off the Coad of Great Britain, the Mader shall cause aD v®88®180” ^ Letters on board his Ship (except such Letters as may be obtained	midaesl

by such Owners, Charterers, Confignees and Shippers as aforesaid, and	(Ex-

except Letters and Packets exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces) ception,) and to be collected and enclosed in some Bag, Box or other Envelope, to deliver thgm at be sealed with his Seal, andto.be addressed to any of His Majefty’s Deputy Podmadero in Great Britain, to be in readiness to fend on ^ere,sSp*b° Shore by his own Boat or by the Pilot Boat, or any other safe and reports, and sign convenient Opportunity, in order that the. fame may be delivered at the following the fird regular Pod Office which can be communicated with, and Declaration, be didributed from thence by the earlied Inland Pods; and shall likewise cause all Letters and rackets exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces (except such as may be obtained by Owners, Charterers,

Confignees and Shippers as aforefaid), to be collected and enclosed in some Bag, Box or other Envelope, to be sealed and addressed as aforesaid, and shall deliver the fame at the regular Port or Place where the Ship or Veffel shall report, and shall at such port or Place (ign a Declaration in the Prefence of the Pcrfon authorised by the Podmader General at such Port or Place, who shall also (ign the fame; which Declaration shall be in the Form or to the Effeft . following $ that is to fay,

‘ T A. B* Commander of the {Jlate the Nam of the Ship or Veffel]

*	arrived from {fate the Place] do, as required by Law, Solemnly ‘ declare. That I nave, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief,

*	delivered, or caused to be delivered to the Pod Office, every

*	Letter, Bag, Package or Parcel of Letters that were on board ‘ the £Jiate the Name of the Ship] except such Letters as are exempted

*	by Law.*

And that until such Declaration shall be made and produced to the Refusing, Ac. Comptroller or Principal Officer of the Cudoms, he or they shall to make De- ‘ not permit such Ship or Veffel to report.	deration.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mader of any Penalty joh Ship or Veffel shall willingly refuse or neglect to make or produce the said Declaration, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

JCXIII. And

C.L11.

59« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Permitting Vessels to report, until Regulations complied with. Penalty 50L

Having Letters on board after Delivery at Post Office, &c»

Penalty 5L

Revenue Officers fto search Packages.

Penalty hoar divided.

Breaking Seals of Letters.

Penalty aoL

Commanders of Ships of War to send Letters to Post Office.

Allowance.

Money due to Masters of Vessels to be paid by Postmaster General.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer, hereby required to prohibit any Ship or Veflel reporting until the Requifites of this Aft shall be complied with, shall permit such Ship or Veflel to report, such Collector, Comptroller or Officer, for permitting such Ship or Veflel to report, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if, after the Mailer of any Veflel shall have sent his Letters to the Poft Office of any Port at which he may touch, prior to his arriving at that Port where the Ship or Veflel is to report, any Letter or Packet not exempted by this Aft shall be found on board his Veflel, in his Pofieffion, or in the Pofieffion of any of his Crew, or any Paffenger on board, every such Perfon knowingly having such Letter or Packet in his Pofieffion or in his Baggage, mall forfeit and pay for every Letter the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer, at any Port or Place whatsoever, who in the due Execution of his Duty as a Revenue Officer shall discover any Letters or Packets on board any Veflel, in any Port or Place whatsoever, contrary to the Proviflons of this Aft, to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the fame to the Poftmafter General or his Deputy at the Port or Place; and that the Officer seizing and fending the feme shall be entitled to One Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any such Offence; and that in all Cafes of such Seizure, the Proof that the Proviflons of this Aft have been complied with, shall lie on the Perfon in whose Pofieffion or Baggage the Letters or Packets shall be found.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon to whom, any Letters may be entrusted by the Mailer of any Ship or Veflel, sealed up in the manner required by this Aft, shall break the Seal, or in any manner open the feme, or shall not duly deliver the fame without wilful or unavoidable Delay, every Perfon so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That m case any Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters shall be brought by any Ship of War, the Commander thereof shall cause the fame, and all Letters which may be on board (except the public Difpatches of Goiem-meut), to be immediately sent to the Poft Office at the first Port where he shall arrive; and such Commander shall, for all such Letters, be entitled to receive the feme Allowances as are payable to the Mailers of other Ships and vVeffels.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case it shall hippos from any unforeseen Circumstances, that the Mailer of any Ship or Veflel, or the Commander of any Ship of War, shall upon delivering his Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, be prevented from receiving the Money to which he shall be entitled, liich Mailer or Commander shall neverthelefe be paid the feme, by the Order of the Poftmafler General, at such other Places as may be mod convenient.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Several pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be payable to the Ufe of His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to any Perfon who shall inform and sue for the fame, to be recovered with full Cofta of Suit, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information,

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. Ill

C. 111.

621

ation, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Effoign, Protection or Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be admitted.	,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in any ACtion or Suit against any Perfon or Perfons, for collecting, carrying, conveying, delivering or fending Letters or Packets contrary to the Provifions m an ACfc made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty

Sueen Anne, intituled An AS for efiabli/bing a General Pojl Office for f Her Maicjly’s Dominions, and for fritting a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her MajeJly's Occafions ; or contrary to the Provifions in an ACt made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for amending so much of an A3 palled in tie Seventh Tear of the Reign of His present MajeJly, as relates to the Jecretmg, embezzling or destroying any Letter or Packet Cent by the Poft; and for the better Prote3ion of fetch Letters and Packets ; and for more cjfcBually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwije than by the Poft; or in either of them, or contrary to the Provifions of this ACt, the Prooif that the Letters or Packets were collected, carried, conveyed, delivered or sent, according to the Provifions contained in the said last mentioned ACts, or one of them, or according to the Provifions contained in this present ACt fas the case may require), shall lie ou the Perfon or Perfons againil whom such Action or Suit shall be brought for delivering or fending the fame.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies’ to arise by the several Rates and Duties as aforesaid (except the Monies whicn shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the fame), shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wefeminjler, and carried -to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any ACtion or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance of this ACt, the fame shall be commenced within Twelve Months after the Fa£t committed, and not afterwards ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such ACtion or Suit shall and may plead the General IfTue, and give this ACt and the Special Matter m Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this ACt; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such ACtion or Suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a VerdiCt for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their ACtion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy' for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

XXXIII. Provided always, ahd be it further enacted, That nothing in this* ACt contained shall extend or be coiiftrued to extend to any Letters or Packets to or from China, but that they may be sent and carried as heretofore has been used, any riling to the contrary herein contained in any way notwkhftanding.

CAP.

In Actions brought for carrying Letters contrary to the Provisions of 9 Anne, c. io. or 4% G. 3. c. 8i. or of this Act, Proof shall lie on the Defendant.

Application of the Rates.*

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Proviso for Letters, Ac. to or from China.

C. 113, 114.

fi9° GEO. Ill

A.D.1810.

Benefit* to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery returning to any Port in Ireland.,

Whale Boats not liable to Seizure on account of their Built, Ac.

Proviso.

which shall so fail and arrive within the time* herein lad mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter, taken together, being not left in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in thole Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Veffel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward; and there shall be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of Inch Ships and Veflels last before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter, taken together, being not left in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Veflel in the laid Voyage, either outward or homeward.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Ships which shall dear out for the Southern Whale Fiihery, and shall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil, the Produce of the said Fiihery, within the Period limited by this Aft, shall be entitled to.all the Benefits and Advantages arising from Bounties, Remiffion of Duties, or otherwise granted by the said recited Afts of the Thirty fifth and Fifty fifth Years of tne Reign of His present Majesty, in the like manner, and to the fame Extent, as if such Ships had returned to any Port in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted. That no Boat used as and commonly called a Whale Boat, belonging to any Ship or Veffel employed in the said Fiihery to the Greenland Seas or Davis9! Sfreights* or in the Fiihery carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Danis’s Streights> shall be liable to Seizure for or on account of her Built, Dimenfions or Conftruftion, provided on the Return of such Ship or Veflel from the Fifheries, at the End of every Seafon, such Boat shall be laid up by the Owner or Owners thereof in such Place or Places as shall be approved of by the Principal Officer of His Majefty’s Cqftoms of the Port at which such Ship or Veflel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made use of in any way whatever but in the said Fiiheries.

CAP. CXiV.

An Aft to flay Proceedings against any Governor or other Perfons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to continue, until the Firil Day of January One thonfand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties* and to empower the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.	[tafth	July	1819.3

4 TXT HERE AS since the Eftablifluncnt of a Colony in New 4 W South Wales, the Governors, or other Perfons administering 4 the Government thereof, have from time to time caused to be rafted * and levied certain Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandise imported into or exported from the Settlements 4 therein: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Governors and 4 all other Perfons who may have advised, issued or executed any 4 Order with respect to the railing or levying any such Rates or 4 Duties should be protefted from vexatious Suits until further

Provision

A.D.1819,

59° GEO. Ill

C.JU

625

* Provifion shall be made bj Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, until the First Day of January One thousand eight Till Jan. i, hundred and twenty one, nq personal Action or Suit, Indictment, ”° Ac" Information, Profecutioi* or Proceeding whatsoever, shall be pro-fccuted or commenced against any Governor of New South Wales, Governors or or against any Perfon or Perfons, for having advised, commanded others for tevy-or carried into execution any Orders for the Levy of any Rate ing Rates or or Duty in the said Colony previous to the passing of this Ad j	Prior

and that if any Adion or Suit, Indidment, Information or other Proceeding shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Perfon	**.

or Perfons, for or by reason of any such Ad, Matter or Thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Adion, Suit, Indidment or Information as aforesaid, to apply to the Court in which such Adion shall be brought, during the Sitting of such Court, or to any Judge of such Court during Vacation, for Stay of Proceedings, and such Court' and such Judge respectively are hereby required to flay such Proceedings accordingly until the said First Day of January One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty one.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the paifing of this Ad, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hun-dred and twenty one, it shall be lawful for the Governor, or other

Perfon administering the Government of New South Wales, to order may be col* and direct the Levy of any Rate or Duty which may have been lected or dia-impofed or usually collected or levied in tne said Colony previous continued, to the palling of this Ad, and no other: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the said Governor, or other Perfon administering the Government of the said Settlement, from ordering at any time the Difcoxxtinuance of any Rate or Duty heretofore imposed, collected or levied within the laid Colony or Settlement.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it Ihall and may be lawful Governors for the Governor or other Perfon administering the Government of empowered the said Colony for the time 'being, to order and direct the Levy to

of a Duty upon any Spirits made within the Colony, although no within such Duty may have been heretofore imposed and collected; pro- the Colony, ▼ided always, that the Amount of such Duty shall in no Cafe Proviso, exceed the Amount of Duty levied and paid upon Spirits imported hi to the said Colony and Settlements; and it shall be lawful for the Governor to make such Rule* and Regulations as may be necessary for the Collection and Levy of the fame, in the fame manner as if the said Duty upon Spirits made within the said Colony had been imposed, collected and levied previous to the passing of this Ad ; any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

S f

59 Gko. III.

CAP.

626

C.115.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

43 G. •• C. 69. Sch. A. Tit. Glass.

45 G. 3. c. 30. 5% G.c. 94. 43 G. 3. c. 69. Sch. C. Tit. Glass.

45 G.3. c.30. Sched. A. and

B.	Tit. Glass. 5 a G. 3. c. 94. Sched. A. B.

C.	Tit. Glass.

Duties payable in Great Britain ion Materials in making Plate Glass, &c. of a certain Thickness, and on Plate Glass imported from Ireland of the Description herein mentioned, and also the Drawbacks repealed*

(except Ar->0

and in lien thereof the Duties following.

CAP. CXV.

An A€t to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excife on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glass, and to impose other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[I2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by certain A€ts made in the Forty third. Forty fifth, and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Duties of Excife, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings, are imposed for and upon every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the lame are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass; and' certain Countervailing Duties of Excife are imposed for and upon Iri/b Plate Glafs imported into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are by Law payable on the Exportation of Plate Glass: And WJiereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties on Plate Glafs made or to be made or imported as aforesaid in certain Plates or Sheets, and also the said Drawbacks, and to impose and allow such other Duties and Drawbacks respectively, as are hereinafter mentioned in lieu thereof;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day ot July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and singular the Excife Duties payable in Great Britain for or upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatever that shall be used in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass, in Plates or Sheets, not being of less Thicknefs than One eighth Part of an Inch, or of greater Thicknefs than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which mall be made for the purpose of being ground and polilhed as Hate Glass, and all and singular the Excite Duties payable in Great Britain for or upon Iri/b Plate Glass, which shall be imported or brought from Ireland into Great Britain, in re6tangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and which when ground and polilhed is not of less Thicknefs throughout than One eighth Part of an Inch and free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polilhed Plate Glals, and which when unground and unpoliihed is not of less Thicknefs throughout than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and of good and fair Quality ; and that from and after the palling of this Aft, all and singular the Drawbacks of Excife payable in Great Brittain for or upon Plate Glafs exported shall be and the fame are hereby respectively repealed, lave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, collecting or paying any Arrears thereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto 5 and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeifors, the several Duties and Countervailing Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

5	Foe

A.D. 1819.

49* GEO. Ilf.

C. 115.

627

Countervailing

Duties.

For and upon every Hundred Weight of the Material* or Metal, Duties, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name or Denomination the fame are or may be called or known, that shall after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen be used in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass, in Plates or Sheets not being of less Thicknefs throughout than One eighth Part of an Inch, or of greater Thicknels throughout than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and made for the purpose of being ground and polished as Plate Glass, an Excife Duty of Three Pounds, and so in proportion for any less Quantity :

For and upon every square Foot superficial Meafure of ground and polished Plate Glafs made and manufactured in Ireland, and whicti shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be imported or brought into Great Britain in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs throughout of One eighth-Part of an Inch at the lead, and which shall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polished Plate Glass, an Excife Countervailing Dutr of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and so in proportion for any less Quantity :

And for and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolished Plate Glafs made and manufactured in Ireland^ and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be imported or brought into Great Britain in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs throughout of not less than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or of more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be of good and fair Quality, an Excife Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds, and so in proportion for any less Quantity :

And that in lieu of the Drawbacks hereby repealed, the following Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed:

For and upon every square Foot superficial Meafure of ground or Dimwbackt in polished Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or backs repealed, in respect of Plate Glafs shall have been paid, and which shall, from and after the palling of this ACt, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in reClangular Plates of the 3ize of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the least, and which shall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polished Plate Glass, an Excife Drawback of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

For and upon every square Foot superficial Meafure of ground or polished Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of rlate Glafs shall nave been paid, and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs

S f 2	throughout

,1

C. 115.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

+ Sic.

Not to repeal Duties otherwise than as hereinbefore mentioned.

Notice to Officer before Glass or Metal taken out of Pot.

Neglecting, &c. to give Notice, or unduly acting before or after Notice given.

throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the least, and which shall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polished Plate Glass, an Excife Drawback of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and so in proportion for any lefs* Quantity:

For and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolished Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of Plate Glafs shall nave been paid, and which shall from and after the palling of this Aft, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length, by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thicknefs throughout of not less than Two eighth Parts of an Inch of f or more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be of good and fair Quality, an Excife Drawback of Three Pounds, and To in proportion for any less Quantity :

And for and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolished Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal pr other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of Plate Glafs shall have been paid, and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported m reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length, by Four Inches m Breadth at the least, and of the Thicknefs throughout of not less than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or of more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be of good and fair Quality, an Excife Drawback of Three Pounds, and To in proportion for any less Quantity.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or alter the Duties imposed and payable at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, for or upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass, or for or upon Irijb Plate Glafs imported into Great Britain, otherwise than as hereinbefore mentioned.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Maker and Makers of Plate Glafs shall, when and so often as he or they shall make or manufacture any Plate Glass, express and specify in a Notice in Writing to be delivered to the proper Officer of Excife by such Maker or Makers, before any Glafs or Metal shall be taken or worked out of any Pot in which Materials shall have been put for making Plate Glass, and before or at the time that such Officer (hall

giuge and take an Account of the Metal therein, previous to any lais or Metal being taken out or worked therefrom as aforesaid, whether such Pot o? Glafs or Metal is intended by such Maker or Makers to be cast or blown into Plates or Sheets under the Provi(ion8 of and subject to the Duty granted and imposed by this Aft ; and if any such Maker or Makers shall rofufe or neglect to give any such Notice as aforesaid, or shall before such Notice is given as aforesaid, take or work, or cause, permit or suffer to be taken or worked, any Glafs or Metal out of any Pot charged with or into which any Materials shall have been put for making Plate Glass, or shall after such Notice has been given, expressing and specifying that the Glafs or Metal in such Pot is intended by such Maker or Makers to be cast or blown into Plates or Sheets under the Pro-

vifioos

A.D. 1819.

$9° GEO. III.

C. 115.

629

vilions of and subject to the Duty granted and imposed by this Ad,

make use of or employ, or cause or suffer to be made use of or

emploved, any Part of the Glafs or Metal in such Pot for any other

purpoie whatsoever, except as Wafte Metal to be refluxed, all and

every such Maker and Makers shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Penalty aocL

hundred Pounds.

4 IV. And Whereas a ftri& Adherence to the Regulations eftab-* lifhed by Law for the Prote&ion of the Revenue in the Manu-4 fa&ure of Glass, has been found by Experience greatly to ob-4 ftru& the Preparation and Sele&ion of Glafs fitted for the pur-4 poses of Optical Inftruments, used in the Sciences of Aftronomy 4 and Navigation Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury may lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or prescribe Re-any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter the Whole or	for.

any Part of the said Regulations, and to prescribe such other q/gLss for Conditions and Securities as they may judge necessary and expe- Optical Instru*. dient for the better Preparation and Sele&ion of Glafs adapted to the merits, making of Optical Inftruments.

V.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Duties, under A& imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called ^°^^^oner* England^ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of ° xcue* Excife in England for the time being; and such thereof as fhall

arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by Duties carried the Duties by this A& imposed f the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid n

into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjlminfler) and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Duties, Allow- Duties and ances and Drawbacks shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid in such and the like manner, and in or i#T1

by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excife respectively hereby repealed, were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid; and the said Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchan-dife or Commodities, so by this A& respectively made liable to the Pay ment of or chargeable with the said Duties imposed or entitled to the said Drawbacks respectively granted by this A&, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Keftri&ions and Forfeitures, to which such Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any A& or A&s of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Aft respecting the Duties of Excife, or other Duties under the

Management of the said Commissioners of Excife respectively, were___________

or might be subject and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty,	Ct§

Pine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence	the

whatever conunitted against or in breach of any A& or A&s of Revenue of Ex-Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this rise extended A&, and for securing the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under to tois Act theManagement of the said Commissioners of Excife respectively,

S f 3	or

(tfO

C. 115.

B9° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Erecting, &c. House for making or keep-ing Smalts, and other Sorts of Glass, within One Mile of each other.

faker of Smalts making any other Kind of Glass.

Penalty 500I. and Entries

Toid..

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excife and Drawbacks respectively hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Ads, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Ad, no Perfon or Perfona whatsoever shall make, manufacture or keep, or ered, fet up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, for the making, manufacturing or keeping of a certain Glafs called Smalts, within the Diilance of One Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for the making, manufaduring or keeping of any other Glass; nor shall any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever make, manufadure or keep, or ered, fet up, enter or use any Houle or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, for making, manufaduring or keeping any other Glafs within the Diftance of One Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for making, manufaduring or keeping the said Glafs called Smaks ; nor shall any Maker or Manufadurer of Smalts make or manufadure any other kind of Glass, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all and every Entries and Entry of any such House or Place so made use of for the making, manufaduring or keeping of either Smalts or other Glass, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that One Moiety oi every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majelty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her pjr them who shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad, or any of the Provifiona thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP.

A*D. 181$.

59‘ GEO. III.

C. 116.

681

CAP. CXVI.

An Aft to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and con-tingent Ixpences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain i and for granting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.	Q12th July 1819.J

[Tbis AS it the fame as 58 G. 3. c. 58. except as to Dates9 and as to the SeSions that a e here inserted.]

II. PROVIDED always, and be it further enacted, That any Paymafter of disembodied Militia, being either on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, or Navy or Marines, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforesaid Rates of disembodied Pay, (videlicet) Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four Shillings per Diem, as the Cafe may be, and the receiving and taking such Kates of disembodied Pay as aforesaid shall not prevent such Paymafter on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance, and such Paymafter shall take the following Oath before some Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the fame:

*	1 A, B. do swear. That I had not between the

*	and the	any	Place	or	Employment	of

*	Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance

*	of Half Pay as a reduced	in	His	Majefty’s

4 Army or Navy, or Marines, (as the case may be,) save and except 4 my difeemboied Pay (of Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four 4 Shillings, as the case may be) as Paymafter of the

4	Militia.9

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Paymafter to receive his Half Pay or tile said Allowance, without taking any other Oath ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithlianding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Aft to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelVes thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effeft following 5 (videlicet),

1A. B. do swear, That I belonged to the

of Militia when the fame was disembodied, and that I have 4 continued to serve therein from that time until the 4	Day	of	inclusive,	as	a	Lieutenant,

4 Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate (as the case may be); and that I was not 4 in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, 4 in the actual Pofleffion and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents 4 and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Heredilaments of such an 4 annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a 4 Commiffion of Captain ot a Company in the Militia; that I have

S	f 4	4	not

Paymaster allowed disembodied Pay.

Oath.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle Subalterns to such Allowances.

C.U6.

59* GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

Paymasters to paj the Allow-ances on the 24th September, 24th December 2819, and 24th March 1820, without Deduction.

Persons being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the following Oath.

•	not during the above Period ‘held the Appointment of Adjutant,

•	Surgeon, Pavmafter or Quartermafter in any Regiment, Battalion 4 or dorps of Militia 5 that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any

•	Perfon for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office

4 or Income whatsoever from the Public, QT from any other Govern-4 ment, besides the Allowance of	a Day

4 now claimed, except my Half Pay as a	of the

4 Army, or Navy, or Marines, or of a Provifional Battalion formed 4 from the Militia (as the case may be).	So help me GOD.9

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Pay-mafler of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate claiming the Allowance.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exerdfe as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorised and required, to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates, according to their respective Commiffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate, the Allowance above mentioned, for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the -other Proportions of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, without any Dedu&ion whatsoever ; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them m pursuance of this A&, or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having Served in any of His Majefty’s Foroes, or Navy or Marines, and Serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this A& directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons and Surgeons Mates, when afiembled for annual Training ; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, shall not prevent Such Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Halt Pay or such Allowance; and such Perfon shall take the following Oatn before some Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the fame:

4 J A. B. do swear, I had not between the

•	and the	any	Place or Employment of

4 Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allow-4 ance of Half Pay as a reduced	in His

•	Majefty’s Army, or Navy, or Marines, (as the case may be) fare 4 and except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, 4 Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster, Quartermaster, Surgeon 4 or Surgeon’8 Mate, while assembled for Training and Exercife

4 (at

633

A.D. 1819.	59°	GEO. III.	C.	116,	117.

*	(as the case may fc), for serving in the Militia of the County

*	of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

CAP. CXVII.

An Aft for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland ; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermaftersof the said Militia during Peace.	[i2th July 1819.]

\Th$s AQ is the fame as 58 G, 3.' c. 50. except as to Dates, as to the SeQions that are here mferted\ and as to the TitleJ\

* VII. AND Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to

*	cettain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Ireland\ while dif-c embodied, under certain Regulations;* Be it further enacted,

That the following Allowances shall be made and paid, to .the Allowances Amount, under the Reftriftions, and in the manner hereinafter ex- to Subaltern pressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon now bearing Officers and

a Commiffion and serving in the Militia of Ireland\ who shall have	flur"

continued faithfully to serve until the difembodying thereof; and also 6®00* to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland, which shall have been augmented during the War, and which shall have been reduced to its original Eftabliffiment; that is to fay, to a Lieutenant Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day, to an Enfign Two Shillings a Day, and to an Amftant Surgeon Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day:

Provided always, that such Allowances (ha& not be received for the Proviso, time during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officers belong, is assembled for Training and Exercife.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Subalterns Affiftant Surgeons of the laid Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Aft to receive any Part of the said Allow- 22Sn^Al-ances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle lowax^ to themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of take the fol-His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for any County in the United kuring Oath. Kingdom in which they shall respectively be, in the Words or to the Efleft following ; (videlicet),

4 T A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the

*	of	the Militia of Ireland when the fame was

4 disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that 4 time until the	Day	of

4 iuelusive, as a Lieutenant, Enfign or Affiftant Surgeon, (as the 4 case may he) 5 and that I was not in my own Right, or in Right 4 of my Wife, during the said Period, in the actual Pofleffion and 4 Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments, of such an annual Value above Reprizes 4 as would qualify me to hold a Commiffion of Captain of a Com-4 pany in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland/ that I have

* not

C. 117.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.16I9.

Justices to transmit Oaths to the Pay* master.

Such Sub* alterns, Xc. to attend the annual Exercise.

Penalty.

Certificates of such Attendance to be trana* mitted by the Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment.

Reason for granting Leave of Absence, to be inserted in Certificate.

Incase of Death of any such Subaltern or Assistant Surgeon, how the Allowances to be applied.

not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or

Surgeon m any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Perfon for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as a reduced in His Majefty’s Army, or Navy, or Marines (at the case may he),

of the	Militia.

4 So help me GOD.*

befides my Allowance as

Which Oath so taken and fubferibed shall be by the said Juftice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the fame, to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall be then serving.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of the said Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, shall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and mall during the said time punctually do and perfbrm his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Affiftant ( Surgeon of such Regiment, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the rest of his Pay and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend ; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be fumifhed by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Amftant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Caufe or unavoidable Neceffity, to be absent during the whole or any Part of such annual Exercife, for which purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Abfence, then and in such Cafe it (nail be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereofin like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercife : Provided always, that the Reafons for which Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu .of those before mentioned) to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be fumifhed as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion wherein such Subaltern or Amftant Surgeon shall be serving.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Sub* altera Officer or Affiftant Surgeon hath died, or shall die at any time after having duly taken the Oath required by this Aft or by any former Aft, for the like purpose, such Allowance at the Rates by the Day respectively hereinbefore mentioned, from the time to which the last Payment thereof hath been or shall be made, to the Day of the Death of such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon, shall be iftued, and shall, by and under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, notified in the usual Form by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.117.

635

be applied first to the Payment of his Regimental Debts, if any, that is to fay, of all Sums of Money due by such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon in respect of any Military Clothing, Appointments or Equipments, or in respect of any Quarters, or of any Mefs or Regimental Accounts, or due to any Agent, Pay mailer or Quartermafler, or any other Officer, upon any such Account, or on account of any Advances or Advance made for any such Purpose; and that the Surplus of such Allowances, and no more thereof, shall, be deemed the Perfonal Eft ate of such deceased, for the purpose of Diftribution, or of any Stamp or other Duty payable in respect thereof; and if such Surplus shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, the fame shall and may, by and under the like Qrders as aforesaid, be paid to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be mentioned in such Orders respectively as being entitled thereto 5 and all and every such Payments and Payment so made shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been made under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Administration; any thing in any Ad; or Ads of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary not-withllanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Ad, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the fame shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Negled or Refufal to attend when called upon, at such times or for such Occafions as may be required of them, in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the said Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon shall, on such Negled or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commiffion to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majefty’s Foroes, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Ad directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons and Affiftant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Affiftant Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Naif Pay, or such Allowance ; and such Perfon shall take the following Oath before some Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the fame.

Subalterns and Assistant Surgeons not attending when called upon.

Penalty.

Persons on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in HisMajesty** Foroes, &c. serving in the Militia, may receive the same on taking the following Oath.

• I. jf. 3,

C. 117.

5d° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Oath.

Proviso for Chelsea or Kilmainham Pennons.

Allowance to Surgeons of disembodied Regiments.

Quartermasters after 30 Years Service as herein mentioned, to receive an Allowance after the Rate of their Phy while Militia is disembodied.

*	J A. B* do swear, That I had not between the

4 and the	any Place or Employ-

*	ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, befides

*	my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced.	in	His

*	Majefty’s Navy (or in the Marines, or in	late

4 Regiment of	) or Allowance as

4	in	late Troop of Horse Guards (or

4	Regiment	of	Horfe	reduced),

4 save and except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain,

4 Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymafter or Quartermaster, Surgeon 4 or A (lift ant Surgeon (as the case may be), for serving in the 4 Militia in the County of	.*

And the taking the said Oath shall be fuffident to entitle such Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwit h Handing.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man in the said Militia, entitled to receive any Penfion or Allowance from Chelsea Hofpital or Kilmainham Hofpital, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the lame by reason of his lerving and receiving Pay in the laid Militia when aflembkd for Training.

XXI.	And be it further ena£ted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, alter the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expences of necessary Medicines for the sick Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment or Battalion during the Period or Periods of Affembly for animal Exercife or Training, and also an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of neceffiury Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers in constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Quartermafter of the said Militia who shall have served faithfully, eitner in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for tne full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermafter of the said Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in his Abfenoe to the Under Secretary, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from such Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence such Under Secretary, an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter of the Regiment shall be and is hereby authorised to pay fucn Perfon, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the said Militia while difiem* I bodied: Provided always, that no Perfon shall be entitled to receive I such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment I

A.D. 1819*

59* GEO. III.

637

C.117, 118.

of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Quartermafter shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft to give Relief in certain Cafes of Afleflment of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Pcrfons compounding for their Aflefled Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Afleflment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.	[12th	July	1819.]

*	YT THE REAS it is expedient to give Relief from certain Duties

*	W of Aflefled Taxes in Great Britain, in the Cafes hereinafter

*	mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Perfon or Perfons becoming, Penons not

or who shall have become bankrupt or insolvent, shall be liable to liable to Asses*-be assessed to the said Duties after the Fifth Day of April next ment after 5th after the time of such Bankruptcy or Infolvency, in respect of any ^PJ*1 whidl Article or Articles kept and used for the purposes of Trade at or happ^after before the time of such Bankruptcy or Infolvency, which Article or bankruptcy Articles shall have been seized or surrendered, and bond Jide fold or Insolvency, under or by virtue of such Bankruptcy or Infolvency, and not kept for Article* or used by such Bankrupt or Infolvent after the Fifth Day of April # next after such Bankruptcy or Infolvency: Provided that nothing g^rrendered, &«. herein contained shall be construed to affect the Payment by the	for

Affignee or Affignees of every such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and such Payments made Aflignee or Affignees shall pay the Duties assessed on every such by Bankrupt or Infolvent at the time of such Bankruptcy or Infolvency up to the Fifth Day of April next after the fame shall have happened, as if this Aft had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by the Certain Ex-feveral Afts for charging Aflefled Taxes in Great Britain for every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in Trade as a Shopman, or lont employed" in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, *s Shopmen, or shall cease ana determine from and after the parnng of this Aft, as Grooms, &c. upon every Afleflment made or to be made after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in respect of every Perfon being the Son of the Employer or Employers, or One of them, occauonally resident with his Parent or Parents, and so employed by him, her or them during such occasional Refidence only 5 and in respect of every Male Penon so employed under the Age of Fifteen Years, and wholly maintained and lodged in the House of his Employer or Employers, and in respect of any Male Perfon so emploved, being of the Age of Fifteen Years or upwards, and bound an Apprentice to his Employer or Employers, or assigned to him, her or them, until such Apprentice shall arrive at the Age of Twenty one Years, or upwards, and wholly maintained and lodged in the House of his Employer or Employers: Provided Cause of Ex-always, that the Caufe of every such Exemption shall be truly	tobe

returned

638

59° GEO. III.

How far Houmm in Trade employing Travellers on Foot, exempt from Duty

Assessments for 1817, 1818, and t8r9, for any greater Number than Four Traveliers, may be reduced; which being certified to Commissioners for Taxes, they ’ shall order Payment of the Sum reduced.

Notice by Claimant to Surveyor.

ja G. 3. c. 93.

Under Game-keeper not as-

c. 118.

A.D. 1819.

returned and stated in the manner required by the A&s in force at

the time of pafling this A&.

« III. And Whereas by the said several A&s, Duties amounting

*	to the Sum of Five Pounds are imposed for every Male Perfon

*	employed in the Capacity of or as a Traveller, where the fame

*	Employer or Employers shall keep or employ more than one fuch

*	Male Perfon : And Whereas it is neceHary in some Traders to

*	employ many Perfons to travel from Place to Place on Foot, and

*	it is expedient to relieve their respective Employers from the faid

*	Duties for more than Four such Travellers Be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the fame Employer or Employers in Partner-fhip together, who shall employ more than Four Male Perfons in the Capacity of or as Travellers to travel from Place to Place on Foot, such shall be exempt for eveiy Male Perfon so employed above the Number of Four, any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the said A&s and this A& to reduce the Amount of any AfTelTments which shall have been made for the Years ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen respectively, on the Employer or Employers of such Travellers on Foot for any greater Number of such Travellers than Four, according to the Provifions of this A&, and as if this A & had been made prior to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen ; and in all Cafes where AfiefTments so reduced shall have been previously paid by the Parties, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners to certify the Number of Travellers so charged, and the Amount which such AfTefTmento shall have been dimimshed, with the Caufe or Caufes thereof, to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and in that Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direct the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Diviflon who shall have received the Sums so paid under such Afieff-ments, to repay to the Party the Amount so reduced, which Order shall be an Authority to such Receiver General to repay the fame, and such Repayment shall be allowed in his Accounts : Provided always, that no such Afleflment shall be reduced, except upon a Notice and Declaration being delivered by the Party making the Claim to the Surveyor, or the Commiflioners of the Diitri& or Place where such Afleflment is made ; and the Parties so making any such Claim shall appear before the said Commiflioners to verity the fame in the manner required by the said A&s in Cafes of Appeal.

* V. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether by virtue of an

*	A & passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His prefect

*	Maiefty, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty certain Hrm 1 and Additional Duties of AJfrJjed Taxes, and for confolidahng the 1 fame •with the former Duties of AJfeffed Taxes, any Perfon chiefly ‘ retained and employed for the purposes of preserving Game, as

*	an Under Keeper, is liable to be assessed as a Servant to the

*	Perfon or Perfons so retaining or employing such Under Keeper ;* Be it therefore enacted, That any Perfon or Perfons chiefly retained and employed for the purpose of preserving Game, as an Under

Keeper,

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. 111.

C. 118.

Keeper, under any Gamekeeper duly appointed by any Lord or Lady of the Manor, such Gamekeeper being an assessed Servant, ihall not be liable to be assessed as an additional Servant, but shall be assessed after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Annum, and no more, unless such Under Keeper be also employed in some other Capacity by which he is liable to be assessed as a Servant under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforesaid.

4 VI. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the last Seflion of Par-4 liament, intituled An Ad to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes 4 in Ireland in rejped of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, 4 Horfes, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and 4 Taxes thereon, and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Colledors 4 of Excife, and for the more effeSual accounting for the fame, certain 4 Kates, Duties and Taxes are granted to His Majesty, payable in 4 Ireland on Dwelling Houses, for and in respect of the Fire 4 Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of the Windows

*	or Lights therein, and in the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices 4 appertaining thereto, and on Male Servants and other Male Perfons,

*	and on Horfes, Mares and Geldings, and on Carriages, Race 4 Horfes and Dogs; and it is expedient to relieve such Perfons as

*	are willing and desirous of compounding for the said Rates, Duties 4 and Taxes, or for any of them, from an annual AfTefTment, and

*	from all further or increased Charges on Articles of the fame

*	Description, for a Term to be limited, on condition of their paying 4 certain additional Rates on the Amount of the last AfTefTment 4 made for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One

*	tboufand eight hundred and twenty Be it therefore enacted. That all and every the Affeffments which shall have been or shall be made in Ireland under and by virtue of the said recited Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and remain in force to the fame Amount in respect of all and every the Perfons and Perfon who shall compound for the annual Payment thereof for the Term of Three Years, to commence on and from the Sixth Day of January which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to contraft and agree with any Perfon or Perfons who is or are or shall be assessed or charged for the said Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, with the Rates* Duties and Taxes granted by the said Aft, or any of them, and who shall apply to the said Commiflioners for that Purpose, for the Compofition of the Rates, Duties and Taxes which such Perfon or Perfons shall be chargeable with and liable to pay for the said Period of Three Years, according to the Direftions and Provider** of this Aft; and all and every Perfond and Perfon who have been or shall be assessed and charged for the Year ending a* aforesaid, with the Rates, Duties and Taxes made payable by virtue of the said Aft or any of them, are and is hereby respectively declared to be competent to enter into Compoiition with the said Commiflioners for their, his or her said Rates, Duties and Taxes, for the Term of Three Years, to commence on and from the said Sixth Dav of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, on the fame

Amount

€39

sessed as an additional Servant, but assessed at ics. per Annum.

j8 0.3. c.

5 3-

Assessments in Ireland for Year ending Jan. 5, 182c, to continue for Three Years in respect to Persons compounds ing for tha same.

Terms of Opposition fee he Amount ef Assessment fcv 1819, with additional s. British fur every 2is.

C.118.

59# GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Money carried to Consolidated Fund.

Compounders may open additional Fire Places or Win-dows, and keep additional Servants, Horses, Stc. without incurring Increase of Duty.

Composition for Dwelling Houses to cease on Jan. 5, next after Removal, Death, Insolvency, &c. of ftrty.

vomponuon binding on Fersons and Mr Effects.

Amount annually as shall have been or shall be assessed and charged upon such Perfon or Perfons for the Year ending as aforesaid, together with an additional annual Rate of One Shilling Brititi* Currency for every Twenty Shillings Britt/b Currency of the Amount so assessed 'and charged, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Sum than Twenty Shillings; and the Monies arising under the Competitions entered into under this Aft (the necessary Charges for raiding and accounting for the fame being deduced) shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfons and Perfon in Ireland entering into any such Competition according to the Provifions of this Aft, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for at the times ana in mahner fpecitied in this Aft, and doing and performing all other matters and things required by this Aft, shall be entitled to make or open, and keep open, during the said Term, free of Duty or Tax, any additional Number of Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves, or Winaows or Lights, in their, his or her Dwelling House (and any Outhouses, Offices or Edifices appertaining thereto), in relpeft of which such Compotitioo shall have been made; and also to keep and use during the said Term, free of Duty or Tax, any one or more additional Male Servant or Servants, or other Male Perfon or Perfons, Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, Carnage or Carriages, Race Horse or Race Horfes, Dog or Dogs, (although the fame may by the said Aft be charged with different and progressive Rates of Duty according to the Number thereof,) beyona the Number in respect of which such Perfon or Perfons so entering into such Competition were or was or shall be charged in the Affeffinent on which such Compofition shall have been made, and shall be exempt from any further Compliance with any of the Provifions contained in the said Aft, and from all Affeffinents thereon, during the said Term of Three Years, in respect of all and every or any such Articles so compounded for.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Compofition entered into under the Provifions of this Aft, in respect of the Rates, Duties and Taxes charged on any Dwelling House in Ireland, from which the Perfons or Perfon owing such Compofition shall remove during the Terqi herein limited, shall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of January next after such Removal; and every Compofition entered into under this Aft, in respect of any other of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by the said recited Aft, with any Perfon or Perfons who within the said Term of Three Yfars herein limited shall die or become bankrupt or insolvent, shall also cease and determine on the Fifth Day of January next after such Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Alignment.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every Compofition entered into in Ireland in pursuance of this Aft, subject to the Determination thereof as aforesaid, shall bind the Perfon or Perfons entering into the fame, his, her and their Chattels, Goods and Effefts, to the due and punctual Payment and Satisfaction, at the times and in the Proportions herein fpedfied, of the full Amount of the Sum made payable upon the laid Composition, or by virtue thereof, during the Continuance of the fame, according to and under the Provifioot of this Aft.

X. Asd

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 118,

641

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfons or Perfoo so having compounded, and quitting or removing from the Dwelling Houfes or Dwelling House in Ireland in respect of which such Compofition shall be made, and the Executors, Adminiftrators or Affignees of such Perfons or Perfon dying, of becoming bankrupt or insolvent, shall be bound to the due and punctual Payment of all Sums accruing due or in arrear at the respective times of such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or which shall be payable upon such Composition tor the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next after such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy* or Infol-vency; and no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons so having compounded, and quitting or removing from their, his or her Dwelling House, or dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, shall be removed, nor shall any Goods or Chattels belonging to any Perfon or Perfons so having compounded, be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution, or other Process, Warrant or Authority, unless the Perfons or Perfon so having compounded, or their, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, or the Party by whom such Process, Warrant, Authority or Seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the Colle&or of Inland Excife and Taxes of the proper Diftri&, or other Officer in charge of' the Colle&ion of such Diftri&, all Arrears of the said Monies which shall be then due, or which shall be payable for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next after such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Seizure; and in case of Refufal to pay the said Compofition Money then due or to grow due as aforesaid, such Colle&or or other Officer iB hereby respectively authorised and required to issue his Warrant to take and diftrairi such Goods and Chattels, and the Diftrefs or DiftrefTes so taken shall and may be fold in such and the like manner in all respects, and under and subject to the like Penalties, as any Goods or Chattels taken or diftramed under the said recited A& shall or may be fold, until such Colle&or or other Officer shall have obtained Payment of the said Compofition Money, together with the reasonable Cofts and Charges attending* such Diftrefs and Sale ; and every such Colle&or and other Officer aforesaid, shall be indemnified for so doing by virtue of this A&«

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise or become payable by virtue of any Compofition entered into in Ireland under this A&, shall be paid at the fame times and in the fame Proportion, and t6 the fame Perfons respectively, and in like manner, as the several Rates, Duties and Taxes are or shall be payable in Ireland by virtue of the said recited A& ; and that all and every the Perfon and Perfons so compounding as aforesaid, and making such Payment as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the like Allowances as are given and allowed by the said recited A& to any Perfon or Perfons making Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes pursuant to the Provifions and Regulations of the said A&; and all the Monies to be railed under this A& shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland*

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the Officers or other Perfons authorised and acting in the Execution of the said A&, in relation to the said Rates,. Duties and Taxes in Ireland, shall give or

39 Geo. IIF.	T	t	caufe

Effect* answer-ablefor Arrears of Composition 1b case of Re IDoval, Death Or Insolvency Of Compounder, and not to be removed;

and Effects may be distrained

Composition paid as Rates non payable.

Compounders entitled to Allowances.

Form of Notice left at Abode of Persons assessed to

Duties, to

C42

C.118,

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

•Mbit Com-pounders to apply to Exeka Office of District.

What Is to beset forth by Compounders in such Notice.

Composition Money to be levied as prescribed by this Act and 58 G.3.C.54*

Powers of 58 G.3. c.54. extended to this Act.

Applications for compounding to be examined with Assessment for the Tear ending Jan. s» x8ao.

caufe to be given to all and every Perfons and Perfon who shall have been or shall be charged with the said Rates, Dirties and Taxes, or any of them, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or shall leave or cause to be left at their, his or her 4aft or usual Place of Abode in the Diftrid wherein the Affeffment of such Perfons or Perfon for the said Year hath been or shall be made, a printed Form of Notice, to be used for the purpose of making Application to the said Comtaiilfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, by all Perfons desirous of compounding for such Taxes, or any of them, under this Ad; and all and every Perfons and Perfon desirous of so compounding, shall dfftinguifn and fet forth in such Notice the several Rates, Duties or Articles in respect of which they, he or (he are or is desirous to compound, mod mall .fign the fame with their, his or her Christian Name and Surname or Names, in their, his or her usual manner of writing the fame, and shall cause such Notice to be delivered into the Office of Excife of the Diftrid wherein the said Affeffment hath been Or shall be made, within One Calendar Month after the Delivery of such Notice by such Officer; and the Colledor of Exdfe or other Officer in charge of the Colledion of such Diftrid by whom such Notices shall be received, shall number the fame progremvely, and shall make or canfe to be made an Entry, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, of all such Notices; and such Colledor or other Officer aforesaid shall transmit all such Notices to the said Commiffionen of Inland Exdfe and Taxes.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Sums payable under or by virtue of any Compoiition to be made in Ireland under this Adi, shall be raised, levied and accounted for under the Pro-vifions and Regulations of this A d, and of the said redted A 61 of the last Seffion of Parliament; and this Adi and the said Ad shall be construed in such Manner and to the like Effed as if the several Provifions in the said redted Adi contained, for railing, levying, paying and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted and impoied by the said redted Adi, were expressly enacted in this Adi, for paying the said several Sums contained in the Competitions under this Adi 5 and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said redted Ad, shall severally and respectively be observed, practised and put in execution throughout Ireland, as folly and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofee, for the purposes of this Adi, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Clauses, Matters and Things, were refpec-tively repeated and re-enadled in this Adi, and shall feverallv be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Adi, so far as the fame are compatible and confident with this Ad, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Monies to be raised, paid and accounted for under tne Competitions authorised by this Ad.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland shall cause every Application to compound, which shall be made under this Ad, to be carefully and diligently infpeded and examined with the Affeflments or Afleffineat made on the Perfons or Perfon so applying, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiffionen,

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

643

C. 118, 119.

or any Three of them, to make and issue such Orders, Rules,

Regulations and Directions, with respect to the making and paying all and every the Compofition under this Aft, as the said Com-miffioners, or any Three of them, shall from time to time think fit to make and appoint; and all such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Direftions, shall be observed and obeyed accordingly.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That all Notices, Certificates,

Receipts, and other Documents or Inftruments necefiary for carrying

this Aft into execution in Ireland, shall and may be in (uch respective inland Excite

Form or Forms as the said Commiflioners of Inland Excife and and Taxes

Taxes, or any Three of them, may from time to time direct and shall direct.

appoint; and it shall not be necefiary to prove, on the Trial of any Not necessary

Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding touching any Com- prove on

pofition in respect of the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, ~ “I.*

them, the particular Order, Direftion or Appointment of the said Coumuasiooer#.

Commissioners or any Three of them, for or in respect of any fuch

Form or Forms respectively.

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft pafied in the Thirty first Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.

[13th July 1819.]

4 YTfTHEREAS by an Aft pafied in the Thirty first Year of 3*0. a. c.ia ‘ VV the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

*	intituled An A3 for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the 4 Royal Navy ; ana for ejlabli/bing a regular Method for the punctual,

4 frequent and certain Payment of their Wages ; and for enabling them 4 more eqfily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives 4 and Families ; and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attending fuch

4 Payments; it was declared that no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, § 3C*

4 who should be employed in receiving of any Wages, Prize Money,

4 or any other Monies due or becoming due for or upon account of

*	the Service of any Officer, Seaman or other Perfon in the Royal 4 Navy, should be entitled to take or retain more than Sixpence 4 in the Pound for or upon account of receiving thereof and for 4 paying the fame to the Perfon or Perfons by whom they or he

*	(hould be employed : And Whereas by a certain other Aft, pafied

*	in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled 35 G.3. c. 94.

4 An A3 for ejlabli/bing a more easy and expeditious Method for the

4 punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers 4 belonging to His MajeJly*s Navy, and by subsequent Regulations } 3*

*	eftablifhed under His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent’s Order 4 in Couneil, certain Commifiioned and Warrant Officers of the Navy 4 are permitted to receive Part of their Pay and Allowances by

*	drawing Bills upon the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy, and 4 feme are allowed to receive the Whole of their Pay in that manner,

*	though it is still required of them to pass the fame Documents

*	and Accounts annually, or on quitting a Ship: And Whereas it 4 is expedient to amend the said Aft of the Thirty first of His late 4 Majesty George the SecondBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent

T t 2	of

C.119,

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

644

$i G. a.c. to. 5 3c. applied to full Amount of Pay, &c.

Charge made by Agents for Accounts of Commissioned and Warrant Officers already passed r lawfuL

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, so much of the said recited Aft of the Thirty firit Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second as respects the said Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound for receiving <md paying any Wages, Prize Money, or any other Monies as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, applicable and be applied to the full Amount of the Pay and Allowances receivable by all Commiffioned and Warrant Officers of His Majefty’s Navy who are by Law allowed to draw Bills upon the Commissioners of His Majefty** Nary, and shall not be deemed to be limited and restricted to Monies aftuaDy and bond fide passing through the Hands of the laid Agents.

* II. And Whereas Doubts, have been entertained whether under

*	and by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Thirty first Year of ‘ the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, any

*	Compenfation may have been due to Navy Agents, in respect of passing the Accounts of Commiffioned and Warrant Officers having annual or other Accounts to pass, beyond the Amount of such Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound by the said recited Aft

*	authorifed to be taken and retained for paying and receiving Pay,

•* Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies as aforesaid ;* Be it therefore further enacted. That on all Accounts passed previously to this Aft it shall and may be deemed lawful to and for Navy Agents to have made the usual. and customary Charges for patting fuch

In future, Al- Accounts ; but that from and after the passing of this Aft the said lowance of 6d. Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound for receiving and paying Wages, Pay, Prize Monies, or other Monies as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a full Compenfation for all Trouble whatsoever which Navy Agents may incur or be put unto for and in respect of passing the Accounts of any Commiffioned or Warrant Officer (except as hereinafter is excepted); and such Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound shall be paid and payable to such Navy Agents over and above all Public Fees and Allowances paid by them.

III.	And inasmuch as the Accounts of Captains and Purfers, and of Officers acting as Captains and Purfers, are intricate, and occasion much Trouble in the passing thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Aft it shall and may be lawful to and for Navy Agents employed in receiving the Pay or other Monies of such Officers respectively, to charge, instead of the said Sum of Sixpence in the Pound hereinbefore allowed to be charged, the Sum of Three Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of tne Amount of the Pay of all Captains, and Officers acting as Captains, and so in proportion for any fraftional Sum left than a Hundred Pounds; and the Sum of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings for eveiy Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Pay* Allowances and Balance Bills of all Purfers, or Officers acting as Purfers, and so in proportion for any fraftional Sum less than a Hundred Pounds ; and such Allowance of Three Pounds per Centum, and Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings per Centum respectively, shall be deemed to be a full Compenfation for all Trouble whatsoever whfch Navy Agents may incur or be put unto for and in respect of passing the Accounts of such Captains and Purfers, or Officers acting as such respectively; and such respective Allowances shall be

paid

in the Pound to be the Charge for Agency.

For passing Captains' Accounts, Agent may charge 3I. per Cent, on Amount; and for Pursers,

3I. 15s. per Cent.

A.D. 1819*

59® GEO. III.

C.119, 120.

645

paid and payable to fach Navy Agents, over and above all Public Fees and Allowances paid by tnem: Provided always, that nothing in this A61 contained mall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal any Part of the said recited Ads, or any other A61 or A 61s ox Parliament now in force for the better Payment of His Majefty’s Navy, as far as the said Ads, any or either of them, relate to inferior Officers and Seamen.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information which shall have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted before the Twpnty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or any Plea or Defence thereto, but such Plaintiff or Defendant shall and may be entitled in all Courts of Law and Equity to all the Benefit of the said recited Ad of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and of every Clause, Matter and Thing contained, in such and the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

Proviso for former Acts for Payment of the Navy.

ftovlso for Actions commenced before . June ax, 1819.

CAP. CXX.

An Ad for eflablifbing a Regiftry of Colonial Slaves in Great Britain, and for making further ProviGon with respect to the Removal of Slaves from Britifb Colonies. 1

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS Laws have been passed in several of the Colonies and other Foreign Poffellions of His Majesty, for enforcing the due Regiftration therein, of all Perfons who are now, or may at any future time be held in Slavery within the fame: And Whereas ProviGon has been made for transmitting to One of His Maiefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, a Copy duly certified of -each such Regiftry: And Whereas it is expedient, both for the better and more enedual Prefervation of the said Copies, and for the Convenience of all Perfons having any Intereft in Perfons held in Slavery in the Briti/b Coionics, that the Copies of such Regiftries should be depoGted and kept in some Public Office in this Country Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty His Majesty to nominate and appoint, by Warrant under the Hand may appoint a and Seal of One of His Majefty*8 Principal Secretaries of State, fame Gt and proper Perfon as the Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves, to to	m

receive the Copies of all Regiftries or Returns of Slaves, and of Copies of Ke-any Abftrads or Indexes referring thereto, which may have been, turns of Slave* or which may at any time hereafter be transmitted from any of His Afajefty’s Foreign Pofsessions, either in pursuance of any Order of His Majesty in Couneil, or of any Law or Ordinance duly passed in any of the said Colonies respectively, which said Regiftrar and his Succeffor8 respectively, shall continue to hold the said Office during His Majesty *s Pleafure.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Ccmumffioners of His TVeasury to. Bdbyefty's Trtafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and asrign uch Ro-

TtS	Ireland,	gtow*	»	Salary

C. 120<

$9* GEO- III

A.D. 18191

not exceeding 8oCl. per Ann* and fix Number of Clerks, Ac. and allow them Salaries. .

Office to be provided, and a Schedule of Fees prepared.

Application of Fees.

Registrar to take an Oath before be enters upon Office.

Ireland\ or any Three or more of them, shall assign to the Regiftrar so appointed, such a Salary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds per jfnnum, as (haS appear to them adequate and proper, and shall fix the Number of such Clerks, Officers or other Perfons to assist the said Regiftrar, as may from time to time be necessary, and shall allow to them also such Salaries as may be proper, ana also reasonable Sums for incidental Charges ; all wnich Salaries and Charges shall be defrayed and paid in the fame manner as the Salaries ana incidentalCharges of the Offices of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State are now defrayed and paid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commiffionert of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall provide a proper and distinct Office for the said Regiftrar, and shall appoint the several Fees to be taken by the Regiftrar or his Affiftants in the said Office, and shall caule a Schedule of the fame to be delivered to the said Regiftrar at the time of his Appointment, which said Schedule, or a Copy thereof, shall be always kept and hung for Public Information in the Office of the said Regiftrar; provided always, that the Fees so received by the Regiftrar or his Affiftants shall be carried to the Public Account, and the Refidue thereof, if any, after paying the Salaries of the Regiftrar and other Perfons employed in nis Office, shall be applied under the Direction of the faia Commiflioners of the Treasury, in aid of the Expences of His Majefty’s Civil Lift.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Perfon who may be at any time appointed Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves, shall before he enters on the Execution of his said Office, be fwom before the Chief Juftice or One of the Justices of His Majefty’s Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, in the Words following :

Oath.

Registrar not eligible to sit in House of Commons.

Copies and Duplicates of Registries received by Sec re* taries of State delivered over to Registrar.

Attendance daily from Ten

4 1 A. B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will in all refpe&g 4 * faithfully and uprightly perform the Duties of Regiftrar of 4 Colonial Slaves, to the belt of my Judgment and Ability.

4 So help me GOD.*

V.	And be it further enacted. That any Regiftrar of Slaves who may be appointed by virtue of this Ad, shall during his Continuance in such Office be incapable of being elected, or of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Office of Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves shall be opened, Copies and Duplicates of the several Regiftries and Returns ot Slaves in the several Coionics, and all Papers connected therewith, which may have been received by any of His Majefty’s Secretaries of State, (nail be delivered over to the said Regiftrar, and shall be by him kept in the said Office; and the said Regiftrar shall from time to time carry on, continue, correct and enlarge the Copies of the several Regiftries of Slaves respectively, puriuant to the further Returns of Slaves which may from time to time be received from the several Coionics, and (hau form such Indexes and Abftracts, and such convenient Arrangements in other respects, as may best promote Regularity in keepingthe said Books and facilitate Search therein.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Regiftrar, or his Clerks or Affiftants, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall give

due

A.D. 1619.

59* GEO. III.

C.120.

647

due Attendance at the said Office every Day in the Week (except Sundays and such Holidays as are kept at the Bank of EnglandJ, from the Hour of Ten in the Morning to the Hour of Four m the Afternoon, for the Difpatch of all Bufinefs belonging to the said Office; and that every such Regiftrar, or his Clerks or Affiftants, shall as often as required make Searches concerning any Slave or Slaves that shall be registered or supposed to be registered in any of the said Books, and shall also, if required, give Certificates under the Hand of the said Regiftrar, as to the Regiftration or Non Regiftration of any such Slave or Slaves, with Extracts, when the fame is or are found to be registered, of the Name and Defcription or Names and Defcriptibns thereof, and of the Plantation or Plantations, Owner or Owners, to whom the fame is or are described to belong, and of any other Particulars relating thereto which may be Rated in the said Regiftry ; and that such Regiftrar shall be entitled to receive for every inch Search, Certificate or Extract, such Sums as shall be duly appointed in the Schedule of Fees to be fixed bv the (aid Commissioners of the Treasury as is hereinbefore provided tor.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it fhaU sot be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s in this United Kingdom to purchase, or to lend or advance any Money, Goods or Effe&a upon the Security of any Slave or Slaves in any of His Maiefty’s Colonies or Foreign PofTemons, unless such Slave or Slaves« (haU appear by the Return received therein to have been first duly registered in the said Office of the Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves ; ana that every Sale, Mortgage and Conveyance, or Afturance of, and every Charge or other Security upon any Slave or Slaves not so appearing to be registered, which at any time or times after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be made or executed within this United Kingdom to or in trust for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, shall be absolutely null and void in respect of any such unregiftered Slave or Slaves, and that for this Purpofe no Slave or Slaves shall be deemed and taken to be duly registered, unless it shall appear that a Return of such Slave or Slaves duly made by the Owner or Owners, or other Perfons in his or their behalf, in the manner and Form required by Law, in the Colony in which such Slave or Slaves may reside, or a Copy or Abftra£t of such Return, shall have been received in the Office of the said Regiftrar, from the Colony in which such Slave or Slaves shall reside, within the Four Years next preceding the Date of such Sale,. Mortgage, Conveyance or Aflurance, Charge or Security as aforefaicL

IX.	And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Deed or Inftrument made or executed within this United Kingdom, whereby any Slave or Slaves in any of the said Colonies (rail be intended to be mortgaged, fold, charged or* in any manner transferred or conveyed, or any Eftate or Intereft therein created or raised, shall be good or valid in Law, to pass or convey, charge or affect any such Slave or Slaves, unless the registered Name and Defcription or Mamet and Descriptions of fiich Slave or Slaves shall be duly fet forth in such Deed or Inftrument, or in some Schedule thereupon indorsed or thereto annexed, according to the then latest Regiftration or oocre&ed Regiftration of such Slave or Slaves in the said Office

Tt 4	of

to Four (except Sundays and Holidays).

Searches to ba made and Certificates given by Registrar.

Fee for Search.

After Jan. r, i8ao, no Pur* chase or Money lent on Security of Slaves, unless registered.

Sale or Mortgage otherwise made, shall be void, Ac.

What taken to-be duly registering

No Deed executed for the Conveyance of Slaves valid, unless regie-tered Name, Ae. of Slave set forth.

645

C. 120.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Misnomers tot to invalidate Deed.

Proviso for Securities executed before passing of Act, and certain other Deeds herein mentioned.

In vrhat Case Issue of Slaves named in any Deed taken to Ihj conveyed thereby.

46 G. 3. c.52.

f *3*

When Slaves sent from one Colony to

of the Regiftrar of Slaves: Provided always, that no Deed or Inftrument shall be avoided or impeached, by reason of a Clerical Error in setting forth the Names and Descriptions of any Slave or Slaves therein, or in any Schedule thereto contained, nor shall the fame be avoided or impeached by reason of any Difagreement between the Names and Descriptions, and the Entries thereof in the Books of Regiflry, or Duplicate Regiftry, which shall have arisen from any Error or Default of the Regiftrar, his Affiftants or Clerks, in extra&ingand certifying the said Names and Defcriptions, without the fraudulent Contrivance or wilful Default of the Parties to such Deed or Inftrument: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to or be construed to Under or prevent the Transfer or Alignment of any Security, Mortgage or Charge of or upon Slaves granted, made, created or executed antecedently to the pafnne of this A A, nor to avoid any Deed or Inftrument whereby such Security, Mortgage or Charge shall be hereafter transferred, nor to avoid, hinder or impeach any Will, Codicil or other Teftamentary Paper, or any Probate or Letters of Administration, or any ‘ Bill of Sale, Aflignment, Conveyance or Inftrument made by or under the Authority of any Commiffion of Bankrupt, or any Public Officer appointed to assign or convey any Insolvent's Eftate and EfFe&s, or by or under the Authority of anv Court of Juftice, or any Officer thereof, or in the Execution of any legal Process, by reason that the registered Names and Defcriptions of any Slaves are not fet forth in such Deed, Will, Codicil, Teftamentary Paper, Probate, Letters of Administration, Bill of Sale, Aflignment, Conveyance or Inftrument.

X. And be it further enacted. That the Iflue of any Slave or Slaves named or deferibed in any Deed or Inftrument executed in the United Kingdom, or any Schedule thereto, born after the Return required by Law, in the Colony in which such Slave or Slaves may be relident, who shall afterwards be duly registered in the next Return required by Law in the said Colony, (nail be deemed and con-(idered to pass, and be conveyed and affected as registered Slaves by such Deed or Inftrument, as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Iflue were therein named and deferibed, any thing m this A& contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

• XI. And Whereas by an A& passed in the Forty (ixth Year of ‘ His Maiefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to prevent the Importation of

* Slaves, by any of His Majefy's Subjeffs, into any Ijlands, Coionics,

*	Plantations oO Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State or

*	Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order$ made by

*	His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One tbossfand 1 eight hundred and Jive, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (hi ‘ certain Cafes) into any of the Settlements, Colonies or Plantations on the 1 Continent of America or in the West Indies, which have been fin* 1 rendered to His Majejly*s Arms during the present Wart and to

*	prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from Briti(h Ports; ‘ certain Regulations were made with refpedfc to the Removal of

*	Slaves from one British Colony to another: And Whereas it is < expedient further to regulate the fame ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That wherever any Slave or Slaves shall ha sent from any Colony now or hereafter under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, with intent that, such Slave or Slaves shall he

removed

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

C.120.

649

removed to and remain in some other Colony under the Dominion mother. Owner of Hil Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, the Owner or Owners, or other Perlon or Perfons fending any such Slave or Slaves, shall a cmiHed produce to the Colle&or or other Principal Officer of His Majefty’s Copy of Regis-Cuftoms at the Port ai which any such Slave or Slaves shall be ter of Names, shipped or embarked, a Copy duly certified by the Regiftrar of the &c. to be in-faid Colony, of the Name and Description, or Names and Defcrip-tions, bv which such Slave or Slaves has or have been registered, and of all otner Particulars relating thereto stated in the said Regiftry; duced to Offi-which Copy so certified shall be by such Colle&or or other Principal cer at Port of Officer indorsed with his own Name and Hand Writing, and shall be Arrival, who is annexed to the Clearance or Permit to be given for the Shipment and *• see if the Exportation of such Slave or Slaves* and (nail on the Arrival of such Ship or Veflel in which such Slave or Slaves shall be sent, at the gcription Port in any other British Colony to which the fame shall be destined, therein, be produced also to the Colle&or or Principal Officer of the Cuftoms at such last mentioned Port, who shall examine the fame, and shall also ascertain by personal Infpe£tion whether the Slave or Slaves brought by such Ship or Veffel agree in Description with the Slave of Slaves mentioned in such Certificate or Clearance, and if not, shall refiife to admit the fame to an Entry, but in case of such Agreement, shall indorse such Certificate with his Name and Hand Writing, and the said Certificate so indorsed shall be forthwith delivered by the Colleftor to the Regiftrar of Slaves in such last mentioned Colony.

XII. And be it and it is hereby further ena£ted, That if any Slave Slaves sent or Slaves shall be exported, sent, carried or conveyed from any without such Colony under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succel-fors, without such certified Copy from tne Regiftrar of the Colony wjtll from which the fame shall be so exported, sent, carried or conveyed, agreeably’to such Slave or Slaves, with the Ship or Veflel in which the fame shall 47 6- 3- c* 36* be so exported, sent, carried or conveyed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized as forfeited, and prosecuted, condemned and dealt with in all respects as if such Slave or Slaves had been brought from or destined to any Foreign Colony or Place contrary to the A6t passed in the Forty seventh Year oi His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Abolition of the Slave Trade : Provided always, that Proviso for nothing herein contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent > Embarkation the Embarkation or Paflage from One Britt/b. Colony to another, or <*0,me>y to any other Colony or Place, in such manner as is now permitted by Law, of any domestic Slave or Slaves in actual Attendance on the '

Perfon of his, her or their Mafter or Mistress, or any Part of the Family of such Mafter or Mistress, being a Paflenger or Pafiengers in the fame Ship or Veflel, or of any Slave or Slaves employed as a Mariner or Mariners on board of any such Ship or Veflel $ but in After Jan. i, addition to all Clearances and Certificates now required by Law, it i**o. Owners shall be necessary, in all such Cafes after the First Day of January domestic One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for the Mafter or Owner of obta^Extracts any such domestic Slave or Slaves, or Mariner or Mariners, to Certified by obtain from the Regiftry of the Colony to which the fame shall Registrar of belong, an Extract certified by the Regiftrar thereof, (hewing that Registry to be such domestic Slave or Slaves, or that such Slave or Slaves employed ^ as a Mariner or Mariners, has or have been duly entered in the Slave JwJSS™*** Regiftry of the' said Colony, by their Name and Defcription or

Names

650

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 160,121.

Names and Descriptions therein Specified; which Extra# and Certificate shall be always on board the Ship or Veflel in which any such Domeftic or Manner is carried or employed ; and unless such ExtnA and Certificate of Registration shall be found on board, any such Slave or Slaves so carried or employed after the time aforefakl, fhaU be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized as forfeited, and prosecuted. Penalty.'	condemned and dealt with as aforesaid: Provided always, that if

When Do- any domestic Slave or Slaves in a#ual Attendance upon the Perfou mestic Slave of his, her or their Mafter or Mistress, or any Part of the Family of such Mafter or Mistress, shall be brought into or landed in any Fritijh Colony, the Extra# and Certificate of his, her or their whence brought Regillration in the Colony from which he, (he or they may have to be produced come, shall be forthwith produced to the Collector or Principal to Officer, &C. Officer of the Cuftoms, and a Copy thereof shall be by him delivered to the Regiftrar of Slaves in the Colony into which oe, (he or they may be brought; and if the (aid domestic Slave or Slaves shall be again removed from the Colony into which they may have been so brought previous to the next Period for making Returns of Slaves therein, tne Colle&or shall, previous to the Embarkation of such domestic Slave or Slaves, return to the Party requiring it the original Extra# and Certificate of Regiftnition delivered into his Office, to be kept on board the Ship or Veffei in which such domestic Slave or Slaves may be carried.

Act altered, As. XIII. And be it further ena#ed, That this A# may be altered, this Session. amended or repealed by any A# or A#s to be passed in this prefeat Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXI.

An A# to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling.	[12th	July	1819.]

€	HERE AS by the Laws riow in force certain Veffels and

*	Vv Boats, belonging in the whole or in part to His Majefty’s

*	Subje#s, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Sub-

*	je#s of His Majesty, if found or difeovered to have been within

*	certain Diftances of the Coafts of Great Britain and Ireland, having ‘ on board Foreign Spirits, Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, are liable to

*	Forfeiture, and every Perfon on board, being a Subje# of His

*	Majefty, is liable to be arrested and taken before a Juftice of the

*	Peace, and not proving to be a Paffenger, to be fined or impreffed

<	into His Majefty’s Naval Service : And Whereas the Intention of ‘ those Laws are defeated by Foreign Veffels and Boats having on

<	board His Majefty’s Subje&s, although not amounting to Half,

*	and also by some of £ich Subjects pretending to be Paffengers Be it therefore ena#ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and. Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Foreign Smug- by the Authority of the fame, That if any Foreign Smuggling Veflel gling Vessels, or Boat, in which there shall be One or more Subjc&s of His in which them Majesty, whether Mariners or Perfons pretending to be Paffengers, *h*U	**	f°un<l	or difeovered to have been within Four Leagues of

nfHis Mtjttty, that Part of the Coaft of Great Britain which is between the North found within * Foreland on the Coaft of Kent, and Beachj Head on the Coaft of

A.D.181&

5<J° GEO. IIL

C.121.

651

Sujsex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Fart of the Coaft of Great Britain or Ireland, having on board any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, in any Calk or Package of less Size or Content than Sixty Gallons (except only for the Ufe of the Seamen belonging to and on board such Veffel or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) $ or any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the whole; or any Tobacco or Snuff, in any Calk or Package - whatever containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, except loose Tobacco for the Ufe of the Seamen on board such Veflel or Boat, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight of Tobacco for each Seaman, and except such Tea or manufadured Tobacco or Snuff as shall have been duly {hipped for Exportation as Merchan-dife on board such Veffel or Boat from some Port or Place in Ireland; such Veffel or Boat, together with all the Goods laden therein, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, prosecuted and dealt with as by the Laws now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling; and every such Subjed of His Majesty, who shall be found on board such Veffel or Boat, shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties, and shall and may be detained, prosecuted, convicted or delivered aver to His Majefty’s Navy, in like manner as Perfons being Subjeds of His Majesty, and found on board Veffels or Boats liable to Forfeiture, belonging wholly or in part to His Mzyefty’s Subjeds, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Subjeds of His Majesty, may, by any Law or Laws now in force, be detained, prosecuted, convicted or delivered over to His Majefty’s Navy ; and the Officer or Officers detaining such Perfon shall be allowed the like Reward, and Part or Share of any Penalty that may be recovered from any such Perfon, as is now by Law allowed and paid for the Detention of Perfons in limilar Cafes.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Diftance of Eight Leagues in this Ad mentioned may and shall be measured in any Diredion between the Southward and Eaftward of Beachy Heady and the Provilions of this Ad shall extend to such Limits and Diftance of Eight Leagues in every Diredion from Beachy Heady although any Part of such Limits so extended may exceed the Diftance of Four Leagues before mentioned from any Part of the Coaft of Great Britain to the Eaftward of Beachy Head aforesaid.

1 III. And Whereas by an Ad passed in the Fifty feventh

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to 4 amend Two A3s pajfid in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty 4 and in the lajl Scjfton of Parliament, for the mating more effectual 4 Provifionfor the Prevention of Smuggling, it is amongst other things 4 enacted, that in all Cafes where any Perfon liable to be arrested 4 under any of the Ads made for the Prevention of Smuggling lhall

*	be fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and

*	liable under the said Ads or any of them to be impressed into fuch

*	Service, every such Perfon so arrested shall be taken before such 4 Juftice or Justices as aforesaid, and shall upon such Proof as by

*	the said Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid or any other Ad is

*	required, be committed oy such Juftice or Justices to Prifon, to 4 aniwer such Information and abide such Judgment as may be

*	thereon given against him in that behalf; and that it shall and may

*	be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or House of

*	Corredion in which such Perfon mall be so imprisoned, or for any

* Officer

certain Leagues of the Coast, having on board Spirits in Casks of less Content than 6o Gallons (Exception) ; or Tea, or Tobacco, exceeding a certain Quantity; forfeited with Cargo; and such Subjects liable to Prosecution,

How the Leagues shall be measured.

si 0.3. c.87. '

s«.

C. 121.

'59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Persons arrested under this or Conner Acts, and found not lit for the Nary, Penalty loci.

If not paid, imprisoned.

8 G. i. c. 18.

f*.

Persons found or haring been on board of Vessels liable to Forfeiture, wearing Disguise shall, on Conviction, be transported.

*	Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, on the Order of the Commissioners of

*	Cuftoms or Excife respectively directing the Profecution, to fuch

*	Gaoler or Keeper and Officer respectively, to carry and convey or

*	caufe to be carried or conveyed any such Perfon on board of any

*	of His Majefty's Ships of War, in order to his being impressed into 4 His Majefty’s Naval Service : And Whereas it has been in many 4 Inftances found that Perfons so carried and conveyed on board a

*	Ship of War have, on their Examination by the proper Naval 4 Officer, been deemed unfit for His Majefty’s Naval Service ;9 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the pafiing of this Aft, when any Perfon so committed as aforesaid and taken on board a Ship of War shall be found not fit or able to serve His Majesty in Hu Naval Service, and shall be refused by any proper Naval Officer to be received into such Naval Service, every such Perfon shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and the Gaoler, Keeper or other Officer who so carried and conveyed the said Perfon on board the said Ship of War, shall reconvey the said Perfon before the said Juftice or Justices of the Peace who had previously, on Proof as required by Law, committed the said Perfon to Prifon, and the said Juftice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and Featured, to con* vift the said Perfon in the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds ; and every such Perfon so convicted as aforesaid shall immediately on such Conviftion pay down into the Hands of the said Officer who detained the said Fenon, or into the Hands of the Juftice or Justices, to be applied according to Law, the said Penalty in which he shall be so convisted; and if any such Perfon so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Juftice or Justices shall and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Perfon io convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prifon or House of Correftkm, until such Penalty shall be paid.

4 IV. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the Eighth Year of the 4 Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An A3 io 4 prevent the clandeJHne removing of Goods, and the Danger of InfeSim 4 thereby ; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to fnlyed 4 Copper Ore oj the ProduBton of the British Plantations to such Rcgu-4 lotions as other enumerated Commodities of the like ProduBum art fukyeB, 4 certain Provifions are made against Perfons found pafiing with 4 Foreign Goods, landed without Payment of Dudes, in their 4 Cuftcdy, from any of the Coafts of this Kingdom, or within the 4 Space of Twenty Miles of any of the said Coafts, wearing any 4 Vizard, Maik or other Difguise: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 extend the like Provifions with respect to any Perfon or Perfons so 4 disguised and found or difeovered on board certain Veffels found 4 within the British or Irijb Channels, or elsewhere within certain 4 Diftances of the Coaft of this Kingdom ;9 Be it therefore enafted* That if any Perfon or Perfons, being His Majefty’s Subjeft or Subjests, shall be found or taken on board, or difeovered to have been on board any Ship, Veflel or Boat liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provifions ot any Aft or Afts of Parliament, for being found or haying been at anenor or hovering within any such Diftances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board|a§ subject such Ship, Veflel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, wearing any Vizardy Mafk or other Difguise, such Perfon or Perfects

fhall

4

A J* 1819.

C.12I

653

59° QEO. III.

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall on Convi&ion for such his, her or their Offence, be transported as a Felon for the Space of Seven Years; and if any such Offender shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the said Seven Years, he, (he or they so returning shall suffer as a Felon, and have Execution awarded against him, her or them, as Perfons attainted of Felony without benefit of Clergv.

4 V. And Whereas by an A A palled in the Forty seventh Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to make more 4 effectual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling 9 it is enacted, that 4 any Perfon or Perfons making, or aiding or am (ling in the making, 4 or being present for the purpose of aiding or aififting in the 4 making any Light, Fire, fia(h or Blaze, or Signal, in or on board 4 any Veffel or Boat, or on or from any Part of the Coaft or Shores 4 of Great Britain9 or within Six Miles of such Coail or Shores, for 4 the purpose of making or giving any Signal to any Perfon or 4 Perfons on board any Smuggling Veffel or Boat, and being duly 4 convicted thereof, shall by Order of the Court before whom fuen 4 Perfon or Perfons shall be convicted, either forfeit and pay the 4 Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or at the Difcretion of such 4 Court be sentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or 4 House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any 4 Term not exceeding One Year: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 encourage the Apprehenfion of such Offenders;* Be it enacted, That in every such Cafe where any Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted of such Offence as aforesaid, and shall, in lieu of paying any such Penalty, be sentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Excife respectively to order and direct any Sum not exceeding Twenty five Pounds to be paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Cuffoms and Excife respectively, to any Perfon or Perfons who shall have informed against, difeovered or prosecuted any such Offender as aforesaid.

4 VI. And Whereas by an A& passed in the Fifty seventh Year 4 of His present Majefty*8 Reign, intituled An A3 to reduce the 4 Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco9 for the Ufe of Seamen on 4 hoard certain Ships or Veffels making Jhort Voyages9 certain Provi-4 (ions and Forfeitures are made respecting Ships or Veffels (not 4 being square rigged) coming from any Place between the Port of 4 Brejt on the Coaft of France9 and certain other Places therein 4 mentioned, which shall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of 4 the United Kingdom called Great Britain9 or be found at anchor 4 or hovering within the Limits or Diftances therein mentioned, having 4 on board Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, exceeding certain 4 Allowances therein mentioned, but no Regulation is made refpe&-4 ing Ships or Veffels which may come from the said Port of Brejl 4 on the Coaft of FranceBe it therefore enacted, That all the Provifions and Forfeitures of the said recited A& shall extend to all Ships or Veffels (not being square rigged) coming from the said Port of Brejl9 which (nail arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits or Diftances therein mentioned, having on board for the Ufe of the Seamen then belonging to and on board fuch-Ship or Veffel, any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding

One

47 G.3. Sen. 2. o,66. § 34*

Tn what Case n Reward not exceeding 15L to Informer* against Persons convicted of making Signals for. Smuggling Vessels.

57 G. 3. c.33-

§ *•

Provisions, &c. of recited Act extended to (Exception) Vessels coming from Brest having on board Spirits, &e. exceeding a certain Quantity.

654

G* 191

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Where Charges of Prosecution in Seizures of Carriages and Hones exceed Produce of Sale thereof. Excess may be paid out of Sale of Goods.

wovmo tor Officers entitled to gross Share of Goods

One Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the Whole, or having on board any Tobacco (excepting loose Tobacco, not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman), as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Ad, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this present Ad.

* VII. And Whereas the Charges of prosecuting and condemning

*	Carts and other Carnages, and Horfes and other Cattle, seized for

*	Offences against the Laws for Protedion of the Revenue of

*	Cuftoms or Excife, in certain Inftances exceed the Produce arifing

*	from the Sale of such Seizures ; and it is expedient, in Cafes where

*	Goods also shall or may be seized therewith, that the Excefs of

*	foch Charges should be defrayed out of the Produce arising from

*	the Sale of the Goods on account of whjch such Carts and other

*	Carriages, and Horfes and other Cattle, have been so seized Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes wherein the Charges of prosecuting and condemning Carts and other Carnages, and Horfes and other Cattle, seized for Offences against the Laws for Protedion of the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, shall exceed the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Com-miffioner8 of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them, and also for the Commissioners of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, if they shall think proper, to order such Part of the Expences arising either from the Seizure, Cuftody, Removal, Detention, Profecution or Condemnation of any fucn Cart or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, as shall exceed tne Produce arising from the Sale of such Seizure, to be defrayed out of the Produce arising from the Sale of the Goods on account of which they shall have been so seized: Provided always nevertheief8, that this Ad shall not extend to any Cafe wherein the Officers of the Cuftoms shall, by any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, be entitled to a gross Share of the Goods seized by him.

4 VIII. And Whereas a Pradice has prevailed of building Boats

*	with double Bottoms or double Sides, whereby cuftomable or pro-‘ hibited Goods may be concealed and run into this Country; 4 and in order to prevent such illicit Pradices being carried into 4 execution, it is expedient that such Boats, if found within certain

*	Distances, should be forfeited ;* Be it therefore enacted. That if

Boats with any Boat whatever, having a double Bottom or double Side or Sides, double Bottoms shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, found witto*8 or he ^^coveret^ t0 have been within the said Limits; or if any certain Dis- Boat, having a double Bottom or double Side or Sides, belonging tances, for- wholly or in part to His Majefty's Subjeds, or whereof One Half foited.	-	of the Perfons on board shall be Subjeds of His Majesty, shall be

found in any Part of the Briti/b or Irifb Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland\ or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits; every such Boat, together with aB her Materials, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. in.

0.121

655

* IX. And Whereas in Ships from Forrign Parts Goods have 4 been found concealed in false Bulk Heads, between the Linings,

4 and false Knees, or in concealed Lockers, or in the Baflaft or falfe

4 Package, and other Places, which the Officers of the Cuftoms

4 cannot eaiily find out or discover, in order to their being landed

4 without Payment of Duties, and such Goods are not by any Law

4 liable to Forfeiture if difeovered previous to the Mafter making his Goods found

4 Report at the Cuftom House For Remedy whereof be it enaaed, concealed on

That all Goods which shall be found concealed as aforesaid, or con-

cealed in any other Place on board any Ship or Veflel at arty time, “	^

either before or after the Mafter thereof shall have made his Report at Master makes

the Cuftom House, shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be his Report,

feized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms. forfeited.

X.	And be it further cna&ed. That if any Ship or Veffel (not Vessels found Being square rigged), or any Boat, shall arrive in any of the Ports within certain of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports	~

thereof, or within Four Leagues of that Part of the Coaft thereof j)uty w pio. which is between the North Foreland on the Coaft of Kent, and Beaehy hibited, such Head on'the Coaft of Sufsex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Goods and Vo* Part of the Coaft of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great 4614 Britain, or shall have been difeovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Prtmso for Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Neceflity and Stress of Wes-Diftrefs of Weather, of which Neceflity and Diftrefs the Mafter or ther* &c* other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Veffel or Boat, shall give Notice and make proof before the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftom9 of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship, Veffel or Boat shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Veflel or Boat within the Limits of such Port, having on board any Goods liable to the Payment of Cuftoms or other Duties, or any Goods prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, concealed between false Bulk Heads, real or false Linings, or in any Concealment in the Conftru&ion and Fitment of the Veflel, obviously for the purpose of Concealment, in any Part of ffich Ship, Veflel or Boat, or in or amongst any Package of other Goods on board such Ship, Veflel or Boat, then not only the said Goods so concealed shall be forfeited, but also the Ship or Veflel (not being square rigged) or Boat, on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all ner Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and ^Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

4 XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effectual Execu-€ tion of the Laws now in Force, or hereafter to be made, for

*	the Benefit of Shipping and Navigation, "and of His Majefty’s

*	Revenue of Cuftoms, and for the Suppreffion of Smuggling in

*	the Colonies or Plantations in America or the Wejl Indus, which

*	now are or hereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majesty,

*	His Heirs and Succeflors, that the Commissioners of His Majefty’s

*	Cuftoms in that Part of the United Kingdom called England,

*	fhonld be empowered to grant their Deputations to any Perfon or

*	Perfons they may think fit, in the said Colonies or Plantations

*	' (although such Perfon or Perfons may not hold or be appointed to

* any

656

a 121.

59° GEO. III.

AJ>. 1819.

Commissioner* of Customs in England may grant their deputation to Persons in the British Colonies in America and the West In- , dies, authorising them to make Seizures when Goods and Vessels are liable to Seisures.

Such Seisures' to be prosecuted as if made by Officers of the Customs.

56 G.3. c. 10/.

§ 43-

Owners of square rigged Vessels, value

( any specific Office under the said Revenues)! authoring him or

*	them to make Seizures of any Ship, Veffel, Boat, Carriage, Horfes,

4 or other Cattle or Goods which may be subject to Forfeiture under ‘ any Law or Laws relating to the Shipping and Navigation of this

*	Kingdom, or the said Colonies or Plantations, or to the Revenue

*	of Cuftoms, now in force, or hereafter to be made, in like manner

*	as if such Perfon or Perfons held or had been appointed to a

*	fpecific Office or Offices under the said Revenue ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in that Part of the United Kingdom called 1England, or any Three or more of them, to grant their Deputation to any Perfon or Perfons they may think fit, in the Colonies or Plantations in America or the IVeJl Indies, which now are or hereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majesty, Hia Heirs and Succeflors (although such Perfon or Perfons may not hold or be appointed to any specific Office or Offices under the said Revenue), authorising him or them to make Seizures of any Ship, Veffel, Boat, Carriage, Horfes or other Cattle or Goods which may he subject to Forfeiture under any Law or Laws relating to the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdom, or the said Colonies or Plantations, or to the Revenue of Cuftoms, now in force or hereafter to he made (although such Perfon or Perfons shall not hold or be appointed to any Office or Offices of the Cuftoms at any specific Port or Place), and such Perfon or Perfons so deputed shall and may make Seizures in like manner as any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, and such Perfon or Perfons so deputed shall be subject to the like Penalties as Officers of the Cuftoms; and all Seizures made by such Perfons so deputed, shall be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by the like Means, Ways and Methods, and shall and may be disposed of, and the Proceeds distributed in like manner, as any Seizure made by Officers of the Cuftoms in His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or the Wejl Indies, may by any Law now in force or hereafter to he made he sued for, prosecuted, recovered and applied.

* XII. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the Fifty sixth Year 4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 jor the maldnu 4 more effeSual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and reward-4 officers and Perfons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling

*	Vejfets ; for licenjing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fyberji 1 and obliging Exporters of Excifeable Goods on Drawback to give 4 Notice of Shipment; it is enacted, that Security shall be given by

*	the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Veffel or Boat for which a 4 Licence shall be required, in Treble the Value thereof, instead 4 of Double the Value, such Security to be given under the fame 4 Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitures, as 4 provided and enacted by the Laws in force on and immediately 4 before the'pafiing of the said Aft, as far as the fame are applicable 4 thereto: And Whereas it is expedient to make Alteration as to 4 the Amount of Security to be given for Ships or Veffels which

*	(hall be square rigged, and the value of which shall amount to

*	One thousand Pounds and upwardsBe it therefore enacted. That in respect of every Ship or Veffel (being square rigged) and of the Value of One tnoufand Pounds and upwards, for which a Licence shall be required, the Owner or Owners shall give Security

A.D. 1819.	59• GEO. III. - C. lfl.

in the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and not’in any greater Sum ; any thing in the said recited Aft or any other Aft to the contrary notwithltanding, but subject nevertheless to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitiires, as are provided and required by the Laws now in force, as far as the fame are applicable thereto.

4 XIII. And Whereas by virtue of the said recited Aft of the 4 Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain ‘ Proportions of the Value of Goods and Merchandise seized as 4 forfeited under any Law or Laws for the Proteftion of the Revenue 4 are directed to be paid to the Officer or Officers as a Reward

* for seizing the fame: And Whereas it is expedient to vest in the

*	Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three

*	or more of them, the Power of withholding such Reward, upon 4 Proof to their Satisfaction that such Officer or Officers frail 4 have acted collufively or negligently in any such Seizure;* Be it therefore enacted. That upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, that any such Officer or Officers shall have acted collufively or negligently, either in the making such Seizure, or in the Omiffion or . Failure to make such Seizure, it frail be lawful for them to direct that the whole or any part of the Officer or Officers Proportion of such Seizure frail be forfeited, and go and be applied in the fame manner as His Majefty’s Share of Seizures is by Law directed to be applied.

. 4 XIV. And Whereas by an Aft paifed in the Eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An A3 4 to prevent the eland fine Running of Goods, and the Danger of 4 Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; 4 and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of British Plantations 4 to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Pro-

*	dudion -are subject; all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges and

*	Gallies, rowing or made-or built to row, with more than Four 4 Oars, found wifhin certain Counties and Ports therein particularly

*	mentioned, are forfeited, and the Owner or Owners, or Perfons 9 using the fame, are liable to the Penalty of Forty Pounds;

*	which Penalty, by a subsequent Aft, passed in the Fifty feventh

*	Year of His present Majefty*s Reign, is increased to One hun-4 dred Pounds : And Whereas it i9 found expedient to extend the 4 Provifions of the said Afts to other Places than those mentioned

* in the said first recited Aft ;* Be it therefore enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, however owned* rowing or made or built to row, with more than Four Oars, frail be found either upon the Land or the Water, within the Limits of any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or the Members or Creeks to them or either of them re-fpeftively belonging, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, frail be forfeited, and frail and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms; and the Owner or Owners, and every Perfon using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, ftafl also forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred rounds: Provided always, that this Aft shall not extend or be construed to extend td any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to His

59 Gao. III.	Uu	Majefty

6*57

r,ootri7and upwards requiring a Licence, to give Security in 3,oocl.

56 G. 3. c.104. $ 10,

Where it appears that Officer has acted oollusively, Ac. in making Seixures, Ac. Treasury may direct his Share to be forfeited.

8 G.x. c. 18. j

S3-

Boats with more than Four Oars, found within certain Limits, forfeited.

Using them. Penalty iod.

Proviso fbar Boats, Ac. of the Royal Family, end .

6*8

. C.m, 122.

19° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1919.

certain ethur Braa, &c.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

53 G. 3. c. 155.

$ *3*

Vessels of less registered Measurement than 35a Tons may trade between this Kingdom and New South Wales, dec.

Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to and used in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Veffel, or belonging to any Ship or VefTel in the Service of His Majefty5 s Navy, Vi&ualling, Ordnance, Cuftoms, Excite or Poll Office, nor to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley whatsoever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England or Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this A61 (not otherwise hereby dire&ed), shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Veffels forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or ProfecutionB under this A61, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Profecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Adi, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Profecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. CXXII.

An A£k to permit Veffels under a certain Tonnage to trade between the United Kingdom and New South Wales.

[ 12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an A61 passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin AS for cm-* tmuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the PoJfeJJims 4 of the British Territories in India, together with certain excntfve 4 Privileges ; for ejlablifbing certain Regulations for*the Government of • the said Territories, and the better Admini/lration of Ju/iice within 4 the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within 4 the Limits of the said Company*s Charter; it was among other 4 things declared and enacted, that no Ship or Veffel, the registered 1 Meafurement whereof shall be less than Three hundred and fifty 4 Tons, other than such Ships or Veffels as may be employed by * the Eafi India Company as Packets, shall clear out from any Part 4 in the United Kingdom for any Port or Place within the Limits 4 of the said Company’s Charter, or be admitted to Entry at any 4 Port of the United Kingdom from &ny Place within the laid 4 Limits : And Whereas it is expedient that the said Regulation and 4 Reftri6lian shall be repealed, so far as relates to Ships or Veffels 4 trading between the United Kingdom and His Majefty’* Colony 4 in New South Wales Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent af the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffmg of this A61 it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Veffel owned and navigated according to Law, to trade between any Pdrt or Place in the United Kingdom and the

faid

*9* GrEO. HI.



#s$

laid Colony and its Dependencies, and to fail and pass to the Eaftward of the Cafe of Good Hope, although such Step or VtU shall be of less registered Meafurement than Three hundred and fifty Tons ; any thing in any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary in Xnywife notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That this A61, or any thing herein contained, shall in no ways authorise or entitle any Ship or Veffel to fail, pass or repass between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London further to the Northward than the Eleventh Degree of South Latitude; and all Ships and Veffele whatsoever, failing, palling or repassing to the Northward of the Eleventh Degree of South Latitude between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London, shall be and remain subject to the fame Laws, Provifions and Reftri&ions as they would have been subject to if this A61 had not been made or palied; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-withftanding.

Vessels sailing to Northward of the nth Degree of South Latitude between the 64th end 150th Degree of East Longitude from London to re-

CAP. CXXIIJ.

An Aft to empower the Officers of the Cuftoms in Great Britain to allow Reports of Veflels* Cargoes to be amended * to require Goods which have been warehoused without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Vefifels by Perfons licensed for that Purpose; to direct that Cocquet and Bond shall be required for Slate and Stone carried Coaftwife j and to empower Officers of the Cuftoms to administer Oaths.

[I2th July 1819.]

* "TT 7 HERE AS by the Laws now in force aH Goods found on 4 W board any Ship or Veffel of which no Report hath been 4 made by the Matter, are forfeited; and the Matters of Ships or 4 Veflels are liable to certain Penalties for making false 'Reports of 4 the Cargoes of their Ships or Veflels : And Whereas it is ex**

4 pedient that the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, in Eng-4 land and Scotland respectively, should be empowered in Cafes where 4 the Matters of Ships or Veflels shall not nave made correct Re-4 ports of their Cargoes, to permit the fame to be amended;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all Cafes where any Goods when Goods shall have been omitted in such Reports, or shall have been wrongly omitted or Re-deferibed, or the Reports shall be incorrect in any other respect, it P0*1 incorrect, fhaH and may be lawful for the Commiffionere of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or any Four or more of them, in that Part of the United perJJt Kingdom called England\ or for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s masters to Cuftoms, or any Three or more of them, in that Part of the United amend them. Kingdom called Scotland,, on Proof by the Oath of the Matter or °tt Pr°°f that Commander, and Mate or Purfer of the Ship or Veffel, and by the	wa>

Produ&km and Infpeftion of the original Log Book and Cargo Book of such Ship or Veffel for that Voyage* and Bill or Bill* of

U u 2	Lading



a i23.

39* GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

FaIm Amend-X, Ptoalty.

CoUecton and Comptrollers may permit Shipmasters to amend their

Lading (if any) of the Goods inquestion, and other original Documents (it any) relating thereto, to their Satisfa&ion respectively, and that no Fraud was intended, to permit and allow, by an Order ipecifying that such Proof, Infpe&ion and Examination hare respectively been made to the Satisfaction of such Commiflioners, the Mailers of the Ships or Vefiels to amend and make correct such Reports on Oath, before the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, which Oaths such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer ; and such Mafters of Ships or Vefiels shall be liable to the like Penalties, m case of making a false Amendment to their Reports, as they were for making a folic Report in the first Instance, to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered ana disposed of in like manner as the Penalties to which they were liable in the fir 11 Inftance.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of His 4 Majefty’s Cuftoms at the several Outports ihould have the like 4 Power to. permit Reports to be amended in certain CafesBe it therefore further enacted, That the Collector and Comptroller of His Majefty’8 Cuftoms at the several Outports shall have the like Power to permit and allow, by an Order made by them in like manner £8 aforesaid, the Mafter of any Ship or Veflel who shall have made

porta, on like Pruof.

False Amendment, Penalty.

Reports at Out* false or incorreCt Reports of their Cargoes, to amend the fame on such Proof as aforeiaid, made on Oath as aforesaid before them (which Oath they are hereby refpeCtively authorised to adminifter) to their Satisfaction, and that no Fraud was intended ; and such Mafters of Ships or Vefiels shall be liable to the like Penalties in case of making a false Amendment to their Reports, as they were for making a false Report in the first Instance, to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in like manner as the Penalties to which No Amend- -they were liable in the first Instance: Provided always, that no such “«*of Report Alteration or Amendment of any such Report as aforesaid shall be MtaaTseisra a^owe<^ or made, or shall be of any Validity or Effed, if made of Goods, or after the actual Seizure of any Goods as forfeited for not being Commence- reported as required by Law, or after the actual Commencement ment of Prose- of any Profecution. against the Mafter or Commander of any Ship cuti®" kfj”11 or Veflel, for any Penalty incurred by reason of any Goods imported mentioned. or brought by such Ship or Veflel into Great Britain, not being included and deferibed in the original Report of the Cargo of such Ship or Veflel, or not being duly landed according to such Report; any thing herein, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 III. And Whereas by an Ad passed in the Twenty sixth Ye^r 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for rcgm~ 4 luting the ProduSion of Manifejlt; and for more ejfcQuallj preventing 4 fraudulent Proffices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and m the 4 clandedine relanding of Goods, certain Provifions are made that no 4 Goods entitled' to either Drawback, Bounty or Premium, shall 4 be cajrried or put on board any Ship or Veflel whatever for Ex-4 portation to Foreign Parts by any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever 4 (except the proper Officers of tne Revenue), other than such 4 rerfon or Perfons as shall be authorised for that Purpofe by the *. Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or any Four or more of 4 them : And Whereas it, is expedient to extend the like Provifions * with respect to Goods whicn have been (Secured in Warehoufet

4 without

26 G. 3. c.40. fso.

A.D. 1819.

59® GEO. III.

C. 123.

&r

*	without Payment of Duties, and to Goods which are prohibited

*	to be worn or used in this Country, and also secured in >W arehoufes

*	according to Law;’ Be it enacted, That no Goods whatever No wareh oused which shall have been secured in Warehoufes without Payment of w prohibited Duty, nor any Goods whatever which are prohibited to be used or

worn in Great Britain, and shall have been carried and put into Exportation, Warehoufes approved of by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s unless by JPbr-‘ Cuftoms according to Law, shall be carried or put on board any sons licensed by Ship or Veffel whatever, from such Warehouse, for Exportation Commissioners to Foreign Parts, by any Perfon or Perfons whatever (except the proper Officers of the Revenue), other than such Perfon or Perfons as shall be authorised for that Purpofe by Licence under the Hands of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or any Four or more of them for the time being, who are hereby authorised to grant the fame, and to require (uch Security as they may deem necessary, by Bond or otherwise, to be given by the Perfon or Perfons to whom they shall grant such Licence, for the actual Delivery of the whole of the Goods on board such Ship or Veflel to the Officers of the Revenue (Rationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt Proceeding in every respect of such Perfon or Perfons in regard to such Goods; which said Perfons so to be Persons fi-licenfed as aforesaid shall and are hereby required, upon conveying censed to give any Goods on board any Ship or Veflel, to give clear and full	©*

Information thereof in Writing to the Matter or other Perfon then Goods?"* in charge of such Ship or Veflel, for the better enabling the Matter to give Notice as required by the before recited Aft, previous to his clearing out with any such Goods as aforesaid; which Licence, when granted by the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms, shall not be withdrawn by them, or the Operation under the fame in any manner hindered, obstructed or prevented, unless either the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Licence shall have been granted, or some other Perfon or Perfons employed by them, and with his or their Privity or Consent, shall commit some Aft against any Law now made or Jn what Cate hereafter to be made to secure the Revenue of Cuftoms or Ex rife, Licence with-and shall be cogvifted thereof, in which Cafe the said Commiflioners dr*wn*

shall and are hereby authorised and required to withdraw such Licence.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Com- To whom such, miffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms shall and are hereby required to ^ccnc^J?lay grant such Licence as aforesaid to all and every Perfon and Perfons

who is or are now by Law entitled to carry or put on board such ^ Goods, and who shall give such Security as the said Commiflioners, or any Four or more of them, shall deem necessary, and to no other Perfon or Perfons whatever.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any Goods entitled to Shipping such either Drawback, Bounty or Premium, or any Goods which (hall

have been secured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, or horned Per-'

any Goods which are prohibited to be used or worn in Great

Britain, and which shall have been carried and put into Warehoufes

approved of by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms according to Law*

shall be carried to or put on board any Ship or Veflel for Export

ation to Foreign Parts, by any Perfon or Perfons (except the proper

Officers of the Revenue), other than such Perfon or Perfons as (hall	.

have been so licenfcd as required by the afore recited Aft and this

U u 3	prefent

C. 123,

M* GEO. IIL

A.D.1819.

56*

Pmaaky look and Forfeiture of tfaa Drawback, kt.

34 G. 3* «• ji.

58.

3» G.3. C.5C.

34 G. 3. e,su 5 8. repealed.

Such Articles Bulged to

ja G. 3* c. jo.

Comptroller or Surveyor of

frefent Aft, then and in such Cafe the Drawback, Bounty or 'remium shall be forfeited and loft ; and the Exporter, Shipper, and every Perfon who shall carry to or put on board any Ship or Veflel bound to Foreign Part® any of the before mentioned Goods, shall severally forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the fame shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties incurred for any Offence against the Laws of Cuf-toms may now legally be fu^d for, prosecuted and recovered, one Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefibrs, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the fame.

4 VI. And Whereas by an Aft Daffed in the Thirty fourth Year • of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for granting 4 to His MajeJly certain Duties of Cujloms on Slate, Stone and Marble, * it is enacted, that nothing in that Aft shall extend or be construed 4 to extend to require the Matter of any Veffel in or on board of 4 which any Slate or Stone shall be shipped, to be carried Coaftwife 4 by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom, to any other 4 Port or Place within the fame, or the Owners or Shippers of any 4 such Slate or Stune, to give any Bond for the due Landing thereof, 4 or to take out any Cocket or other Document on account thereof, 4 except such Sufferance, Warrant, Permit or Tranlire as was 4 required by Law for the (hipping or carrying Coaftwife of the 4 like Goods at and immediately before the patting of that A ft, 4 any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that Slate and Stone carried Coaftwife 4 should be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, 4 as other Goods liable to Duty on being carried Coaftwife are by 4 an Aft patted in the Thirty second Year of His said Majelly’s 4 Reign, intituled An Ad for the Relief of the Coafl Trade of Great 4 Britain; for exempting certain CoaR Documents from Stamp Duties; 4 for aboli/bing the Bond usually called The Ifle of Man Bond; and 4 for permitting Com and Grain brought Coqflwtfe to be tran/bipped into 4 Ligliters, for the purpofl of being carried through the Canal from the 4 Forth to the ClydeBe it enacted, That so mufih of the before mentioned Aft passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign as is before recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and all Slate and Stone to be carried Coaftwife shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as other Goods liable to Duty are by the aforesaid Aft passed in the Thirty second Year of His JTaid Majefty’s Reign.

4 VII. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, certain Officers 4 of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms are empowered to administer Oaths in 4 certain Cases: And Whereas many Cafes occur where Proof on 4 Oath is directed by Law to be taken, but the Law has not 4 preferibed by whom it shall be administered: And Whereas it 4 would tend much to the Difpatch of Bufmess, as well as to 4 Uniformity in the Conduft thereof, if certain Officers of His 4 Majefty’s Cuftoms were empowered, in all Cafes wherein the 4 Revenue of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or the Trade or Navigation of 4 this Kingdom is concerned, to administer OathsBe it there* fore enacted, That in all Cafes wherein Proof is required by any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, or are or shall he

ncceflary

GEO. in.

005 *

C. 123, If4.

neceflary for the Satisfaction or Confideration of the Commiflioners of His Majesty *s Cultoms in any Matter relating to the Revenue, or to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, the fame may be made before the Colledor inwards and outwards, the Comptroller or Surveyor of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in the Port of London, or in case of their Abfence, tne Perfons acting for them respectively, or the Collector or Comptroller of His Majefty’s Cuftoms at any other Port in this Kingdom, or in case of their Abfence, the Perfons acting for them respectively, who are hereby autHorifed and empowered to adminiJter the fame.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to alter any former Ad or Ads whereby any particular Fads are required to be proved on Oath before any particular Officers, but that the fame shall be and remain in force.

CAP. CXXIV.

An AQ. for amending an A£t made in the Forty third Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the VefTels carrying Paflengers from the United Kingdom to His Majefty’s Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Paf-fengers, and for making further Provifion for that Purpofe.

[lath July 1819.]

4 TT7 HEREAS an Ad was parted in the Forty third Year of 4 VV His present Majesty, intituled jin A9 for regulating the

*	Vejfels carrying Pajfengcrs from the United Kingdom to Hie Ma-4 jifly** Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts9 with

*	refteS to the Number of such Paffengers: And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient that	the said Ad, so far as relates, to	the Qualification

*	of	Surgeons	failing with certain Veflels therein	deferibed, (hould

*	be	^mended,	fo as to entitle Surgeons examined	at the Univerfity

4	of	Glafgow	to be Surgeons ot such Veffels :*	Be it therefore

enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the parting of this Ad no such Ship or Veflel as is in the said Ad deferibed, carrying Fifty Perfons or upwards, including the Crew, shall be cleared out unless such Ship or Veflel shall be provided with a Surgeon, who shall produce to the Officer of the Cuftoms required to give the Clearance or Sufferance a Certificate of his having parted his Examination at Surgeons Hall in London, or at the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or Dublin, or before the Medical Faculty of the Univerfity of Glasgow.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Dire&ions, Provisions, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties contained in the said recited Ad, shall continue and be in full Force and Effed, and shall apply to this Ad, as if all such Powers, Diredions, Provisions, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties were herein repeated and re-enaded.

Custom* in London, and Collector and Comptroller in other Ports, empowered to administer Oaths.

Proviso for Acts requiring Proof on Oath, be. fore particular Officers.

43 G. 3. «. 36.

No such Vessel carrying Fifty Persoas or up-wards cleared, unless provided with a Surgeon, &c.

Powers of. recited Act extended to this Act

U u 4

CAP.

664

C. 125.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

54 G. 3. c. 36.

"5 x8.

53 G.3.«. 155.

43 <L 3* c. 13a.

Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, Sugar and Rice imported from

CAP. CXXV.

An Aft to admit certain Goods imported from the East Indies to Entry and Payment of Duty without being ware-housed; and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guernsey and Jersey, and the Removal of certain East India Goods to Liverpool, Lancafer, Bristol, and Glasgow, for Exportation.	[lath July 1819.3

YT7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Fifty fourth Year of W the Reign of His present Majesty, intitulea An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cujloms payable on Goods, Wares and Mercbandsfe imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place •within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to ejlablifb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; it is enacted, that all Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, into any of those Ports in Great Britain (except the Port of London) which shall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the purpose of such Importations under the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of an Aft passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An A3 for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Pojfejfton of the British Territories in India, together •with certain exclujtve Privileges ; for eflablifbing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Admimfiration of Juflice within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, either by the said United Company, or by any Perfon or Perfons so trading under the Authority of the said recited Afts, shall be lodged and secured in Warehoufes approved by the Commiifioners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland reipeftively, or any Three or more of them for the time being, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provifions directed and required by an Aft passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment of Dutyf or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament made for amending or explaining the said Aft, in force on or immediately before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; And Whereas it may be expedient to permit certain Articles to be entered, and the Duty to be paid, and to be landed and delivered, without being warehoused as required by the said recited Aft ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, Sugar and Rice imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the LTnited Company of Merchants of England

trading

593 GEO. III.

C 125.

665

trading to the East Indies, into any Port of that Part of the United East Indite, Kingdom called Great Britain, which either has been or may here-after be declared fit and proper for the Depofit and Safe Cuftody of Goods imported under the Regulations ox the said Aft palled in without bong the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the wnehoussd. manner prescribed in the said Aft, may be admitted to Entry, and the Duties paid, and landed and delivered, without being warehoused as required by the afore recited Afts : Provided always, that such Proviso.

Goods shall be liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Goods not entitled to be warehoused are subject by any Law now in force.

* II. And Whereas by an Aft passed in the Thirty ninth Year 39 G.3. e.59.

*	of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for per*

4 mitting certain East India Goods to be warehoused, and for repeah 4 ing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu

4 thereof, no Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Pro- §4*

*	duftion or Manufafture of the East Indies, secured in Warehoufes

*	under the Regulations of that Aft, are allowed to be exported 4 from thence to the I (lands of Guernsey or Jerjey, and upon the

*	lawful Exportation thereof are required to be shipped directly from

*	fuch Warehouses: And Whereas it is expedient to permit Eaft

*	India Goods, of the Defcription hereafter mentioned, to be exported 4 to the said Iflands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to allow the Removal

*	of the said Goods, and also of certain other East India Goods

*	hereinafter mentioned, from the Port of London to the Out Ports,

4 for the Convenience of Exportation Be it'therefore enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors or East India

Exporter or Exporters of any East India White and prohibited Whit* and pro-

Goods, not of a higher Value than One Shilling and Sixpence	Good*

per Yard, to export such Goods to the Iflands of Guernsey or Jerfey	than^

direct from the Warehoufes wherein the fame may have been secured Igt fa ^

on the Importation thereof, any thing in the said recited Aft of the Yard, may be

Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the exported to

contrary thereof notwithstanding ; provided that such Proprietor or Guernsey or

Proprietors or Exporter or Exporters shall, before any such Goods Jersey*

are delivered or taken from the Warehouses, make a due Entry

thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, gnd

and shall, together with the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking Bond entered

the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veffel in which iuch Goods into for due. >

are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Surety, to be Exportation.

approved of by the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the

Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs

and Succefiors, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the

said Goods so intended to be exported shall be landed at the Port

or Place for which the fame shall have been entered, and that no Part

of the fame shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the

Iftands of Alderney, Sark or Man, or the I (land of Faro or Ferro;

which Bond shall and. may be discharged in the manner hereinafter How such

mentioned, that is to fay, upon a Certificate under the Hand and ®°nd di»-

Seal of the Governor or Lieutenant Governor and of the principal

Officer of the Cuftoms of the said Iilands respectively, within the

Space of Six Months from the Date of the laid Bond, teftifying

that the said Goods and every Part thereof were there landed ; ox;

such Bond may also be discharged upon Proof made, to the Satis-

faftioa

59s GEO* III.

A.D. 1819.

CouuntMionere of the Customs may permit Removal of such Goods by Land Carriage to Port of Southampton;

and may permit Removal of certain Goods for Exportation to America, &c. to Ports of Liverpool, &c.

SS G. 3* e. 134*

s*

faftion of the Commissioners in England and Scotland respectively, that such Goods were taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas. “

III.	And be it further enacted, That if the Proprietor or Proprietors or Purchafer or Purchafers of any such White and prohibited Goods, shall be desirous of removing the fame from the Warehouses by Land Carriage to the Port of Southampton, for the purpose of being shipped and exported from that Port to the said Iflands of Gucrnfey or Jersey, it shall be lawful for the CommiflioRers of the Cuftoms for the time being, or any Four or more of them, to grant Permiflion for the Removal of -the laid Goods accordingly, under the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Securities, as are now by Law required upon the Removal of certain East India prohibited Goods from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners, or any Four or more of them, to permit the Removal from the Port of London of any prohibited Ea/t India Goods, or any coarse East India Piece Goods not being prohibited, and not of a higher Value than One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard, intended for Exportation to America and its Dependencies, the Wed Indies or Africa, by Sea, Land Carriage or Inland Navigation, to the Ports of Liverpool, Lanccfler, Briflol or Glasgow respectively, for the purpose of being exported from thence ; the said Goods, upon such Removals respectively, being subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Securities, as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods, when removed from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa.

CAP. CXXVI.

An AEt for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Drawback of Duty on Coals used or consumed in calcining or smelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals used in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the said Counties. [13th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Aft passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for allowing 4 a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Corn-4 wall, it is enacted, that previously to any Drawback being paid 4 upon Coals used or consumed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead 4 in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, Proof shall be made on 4 Oath by the Proprietor or managing Owner of the Mine before 4 the Colleftor or Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port where the 4 Drawback shall be paid, that he verily believes the Duties upon 4 the said Coals have been actually paid, and that the said Coals were 4 bond fide consumed in the said Mines, and that no Part of the fame 4 has been or shall be used or fold for domestic Purposes, or as Culm 4 for burning Lime, or for any other Purpofes not contemplated by 4 Law: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Proof should 4 be required previoudy to any Drawback being allowed on Coals • which shall be used or consumed for calcining or smelting Tin, 4 Copper or Lead Ores within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

667

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, previously to any Drawback being paid upon Coals ]|ufed or consumed for calcining or smelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores within the Counties of Devon and Cornwally the like Proof shall be made on Oath (which Oath the Collector or Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port where the Drawback shall be paid is hereby authorised and required to ad-minifter) as is required by the said recited A6k on Coals consumed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

CAP. CXXVII.

An AQt for making Provifion for the better Care of Pauper Lunatics in England.	[12th July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that further Provifion fiiould be

*	VV made for the Care of Pauper Lunatics in England, who

*	may be chargeable to any Parifh Be it therefore enalted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That upon its being made known to Two or more Justices of the Peace of any County, that a poor Perfon chargeable to any Pariih or Place within any of the said Counties is deemed or taken to be lunatic or insane, or a mischievous Idiot, it shall be lawful for the said Juilices, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, if they shall so think fit, to require the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parifh or Place to bring the said poor Perfon before them, or some other Justices of the Peace of the said County, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the said Order 5 and the said Two Justices are hereby authorised to call to their Affiftance a Medical Perfon, at the Charge of the said Parifh or Place ; and if upon View and Examination of the said poor Perfon, or from other Proof, the said Justices shall be satisfied that such poor Perfon is lunatic, insane or a mischievous Idiot, it shall be lawful for the fafid Two Justices, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, directed to the said Overseers of the Poor, according to the Form in the Schedule (A.) annexed to this A&, to cause the said poor Perfon to be conveyed to and placed in some Lunatic Afylum, in all Cafes where such Afylum mail have been established under the Dire6tions of an A61 palled in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics being Paufers or Criminals in England, for the County or Diftridt of United Counties within which the Parifh or Place to which such poor Perfon belongs shall be iituated ; but if no such Lunatic Afylum shall have been established, such Justices shall then direct such poor Perfon to be conveyed to and placed in some House duly licensed for the Reception of insane Perfons ; and it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices, or for any other Two Justices of the Peace a6ling in the Divifion of the said County wherein the said Parifh or Place is situated, from time to time, as occasion may require, to make order on the Overseers of such Parifh or Place for the Payment of all reasonable Charges of conveying such poor Perfon to such Lunatic Afylum or licenied House, and if such poor Perfon shall be conveyed to a

Lunatic

Before Drawback paid <m Coala used in smelting Tin, &c. like Proof bad as for Coals consumed in Mines of Tin, &&

In Cases where insane Persons are chargeable to Parish, Two Justices calling in to their Assistance a Medical Person may direct Overseers to convey them tQ some licensed House for Lunatics.

48 6.3. c. 96.

If no Lunatic Asylum, to House duly licensed for ia-sane Persons.

66#

<1187.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Regulations m to Payment of Charges.

Overseers not to remove such poor Person without an * Order of Two Justices.

public Act

Lunatic Afylum, for the Payment of such Weekly Sum to the Trea* surer of such Afylum, as shall be from time to time fixed upon by the Vifiting Justices of such Afylum under the Authority of the said recited Ad, or if such poor Perfon shall be conveyed to such licensed House, for the Payment of such Weekly or Monthly Sum to the Keeper of such licensed House for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and Care of such poor Perfon as such Keeper shall be willing to accept, and as shall appear to the said Justices to be a rea-fonable Charge in that behalf; and the said Overseers of the Poor shall not remove such poor Perfon from the said House without an Order for that Purpose; made by Two Justices of the Peace for the County, after due Inquiry into the Cir cum fiances of the Cafe, unless such Perfon shall have been discharged as cured: Provided always, that the Overfeer or Overseers of such Pari(h or Place so conveying such insane Perfon to such Afylum or licensed House as afore-said, shall and is hereby required to deliver a Certificate from the Medical Perfon so called to the Afiifiance of the Justices as aforesaid (which Certificate such Medical Perfon is hereby required to give, according to the Form in Schedule (B.) annexed to this A& to the Keeper of such Afylum or licensed Houfe).

II. And be it further enacted, That this A& shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public A&, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Perfons whomsoever, without specially pleading the fame.

Overseers ne- III. And be it further enacted, That if any Overfeer of the Poor glectmg to give of j^y Pari(h or Place to which any Lunatic or insane Perfon shall Justice M*to 40 ^ ch^g^ble shall, for the Space of Seven Days, wilfully neglect State of	or delay to give Information of the State of such Perfon to (Lome

Lunatic.	Juftice	of the Peace acting within the Divifion of the County within

which the said Pari(h or Place is situate, he shall for every such +***?•	Offence	forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds

nor lef8 than Forty Snillings (Half to the Informer and Half to the Poor of the said Parilh or Place), to be recovered by Diffrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County within which such Parirn or Place is situate.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF WARRANT.

"^yHEREAS it appears to us. Two of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace for the County of	having called to our

Affiftance A. B. a Medical Perfon, that C. D. chargeable to the Parifti of 7. in the said County, is [lunatic, insane or a dangerous Idiot, as the case may be'] you are hereby directed to cause the said C. D. to be conveyed to the Lunatic Afyium at E. eft ablifted under an A£k palled in the Forty eighth Year of George the Third, intituled An A8 for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics hang Paupers or Criminals in England, in order that proper means may be there used for the Cure of the said C. D.; and you are hereby ordered to pay to the Treasurer of the said Afylum such Weekly Sum for the Maintenance and Care of the said C. D. as shall be from time to time fixed upon by the Vifiting Jufticts of the said Afylum, under the Authority of the said Aft ; or to the House of E. F.

12	fituate

A>D,18ja.	S&>	GEO.	III.	C.	127,12B«	669

fituate at G. in the County of AT., the said House being a House duly Iicenfed for the Reception of Lunatics ; and you are hereby ordered to pay to the said E. F. the [Weekly or Monthly] Sum of

for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and Care of the said C* Dwhich Sum the said E. F. is willing to accept, and which appears to us to be a reasonable Charge in that behalf.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this	Day	of	»

L.M.

N. 0.

To the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh of /.

SCHEDULE (B.)

. FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

T DO hereby certify, That by the Direftions of L. M. and N. 0.

Efquijps, Justices of the Peace for the County of H.j I have per-fonally examined C. D. and that the said C. D. appears to me to be of inlane Mind.

Dated this	-Day	of

A. B» (Phyiician, Surgeon or Apothecary, as the case may be) refiderit at R.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Aft for the further Proteftion and Encouragement of Friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abufe9 therein.	[I2th	July	1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS the habitual Reliance of poor Perfons upon ‘ W Parochial Relief, rather than upon their own Induftry, tends 4 to the Moral Deterioration of the People, and to the Accumulation

*	of heavy Burthen's upon Parifhes; and it is desirable, with a View

*	as well to the Reduftion of the Affelfments made for the Relief ‘ of the Poor, as to the Improvement of the Habits of the People,

4 that Encouragement Ihould be afforded to Perfons desirous of making

*	Provifion for themselves or their Families out of the Fruits of their

*	own Induftiy: And Whereas by the Contribution of the Savings 4 of many Perfons to one Common Fund, the moll effectual Provifion 4 may be made for the Cafualties affecting all the Contributors; and

*	it is therefore desirable to afford further facilities and additional 4 Security to Perfons who may be willing to unite in appropriating

*	fmall Sum8 from time to time to the Formation of a Common Fund,

4 for the Purpofes aforesaid; and it is desirable to proteft such Per-4 Tons against the Effefts of Fraud or Miscalculation : And Whereas

4 an Aft palTed in the Thirty third Year of His Majeftv’s Reign, 33 6.3. c.54.

4 intituled An Ad for the Encouragement and ReTtef of Friendly Societies :

4 And Whereas another Aft pafied in the Thirty fifth Year of His 35 G. 3. c> 11 r. 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for more eJfcBually carrying into 4 -Execution an Ad made m the Thirty third Tear of the Reign of Hit.

4 present Majesty, intituled * An A3 for the Encouragement and Relief 4 erf Friendly Societies,* and for extending so much of the Powers thereof 4 east relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Manage*

* meat

SO0 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

43 O. 3. c. Hi.

49 0.3. c. 125.

Future Societies not to have the Benefit of former Acts, unless constituted according to this Act

Rules and Tables of Friendly Societies to be confirmed at General Quarter Sessions.

Rules and Tables to be enrolled according to 33 G. 3,€.54.

ment of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treafurers to other Inftitutions of a charitable Nature: And Whereas another A61 passed in the rorty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be efiabTifhed under an AS passed mtheThirty third Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, to reSify Mflakes made in the Regtjlry of their Rules : And Whereas another A 61 passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend an AS made in the Thirty third Tear of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and RcTief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas the Provifions of those Ads hare been found inefficient for their Purpofee, and great Abufes have prevailed in many Societies eftabliihed under the Authority of fiich A6ls ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Society hereafter to be formed in England or Wales, or the Members thereof, ihall be entitled to the Benefits, or fubje6l to the Provifions of the said A6ts, unleft such Society flijfll have been constituted under the Authority and according to the Provifions of this A61.

II.	And be it further ena6ted, That when any Number of Perfons in England or Wales shall intend to form, under the Authority of this Ad, a Friendly Society or Inftitution, whereby it is intended to provide by Contribution, on the Principle of mutual Infurance, for the Maintenance or Afliftance of the Contributors thereto, their Wives or Children, in Sicknefs, Infancy, advanced Age, Widowhood, or any other natural State or Contingency, whereof the Occurrence is susceptible of Calculation by way of Average, R shall be lawful for such rerfons to make Application by Memorial signed as hereinafter mentioned to the Juft ices assembled at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, in and for the County, Riding or Place of separate Jurifdi6Hon, wherein such Society is about to be established, for a Confirmation and Approval of the Rules of such intended Inftitution, and of the Tables of Payments and Allowances to be adopted therein ; and that if such Justices, or any Committee by them appointed, confuting of not less than Three Justices (of whom Two shall be a Quorum) shall, after due Examination thereof, be satisfied that the Contingencies for which it is intended to provide, whether specifically named in this A6t or not, are such as according to the true Meaning and Intent of this A6t are fit to be provided for by such Society, and shall deem the Rules and Tables of such Society, either in the Form in which they shall have been originally exhibited, or with such Omissions, Additions or Alterations as may be made therein by the said Justices, with the Confent of the Perlons propofine to be Trustees of such Society, to be fit and proper, and shall be satisfied that the Formation of such Society will be useful and beneficial. Regard being had to the Exiftence of any other Society already formed under wholesome Rules within the lame Diftri6l for the like Purpofes 5 the said Rules and Tables so confirmed or amended, shall be deposited and enrolled according to the Provifions of the said first mentioned Ad, and a Copy thereof, authenticated by the Signature of Two ot more Justices, mall be delivered to the Trustees of such Society, and shall thenceforward become the Rules of such Society,

10

A. D. 1819,

59° GEO. III.

C. 128.

671

and shall be binding on all Parties concerned : Provided always, that such Juft ices shall not confirm and allow any Tables of Payments or Benefits, or any Rules dependent upon or connected with the Calculation thereof, until it shall have been made appear to such Justices, that the said Tables and Rules are such as have been approved by two PerfoDS at the least, known to be professional A&uaries or Perfons (killed in Calculation, as fit and proper, according to the mod correct Calculation of which the Nature of the Cafe will admit.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace for any County or Riding in England or Wales, from time to time to make and publish such general Rules for the Formation 'and Government of Friendly Societies or Inftitutions under the Authority of this A&, as to such Justices may appear fit, and to require that the Rules of all Societies thereafter established within such County or Riding shall be made conformable to such general Rules ; and it shall also be lawful for such Justices to declare, that the Rules pro-pofed for the Formation of such Friendly Societies or Inftitutions which shall be made conformable to such general Rules, may be exhibited to and confirmed by any two or more Justices holding Petty Seffions within the Diviiion wherein any such Society is to be established; and in such Cafe, and subject always to the Dire&ion of such general Rules published as aforesaid, such Justices in Petty Seffions shall have the like Powers, and their Proceedings shall be subject to the like Provisions, in regard to the Formation of Friendly Societies, as are by this and the former Ads established in respect of the Justices afTembled in General or Quarter Seffions.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That every Memorial presented to the Justices as aforesaid, shall fet forth the Names, Refidence and Occupation of Three Perfons at the least, of whom the Majority shall be substantial Houfeholders assessed to the Relief of the Poor upon a Sum not less than Fifty Pounds, which Perfons shall be Trustees of such Society or Inftitutioo ; and the Signature of such intended Trustees shall be affixed to such Memorial; and such Society shall from time to time, in such manner as may have been prescribed by the Rules thereof, jele& other Perfons duly qualified as aforesaid, to fill such Vacancies as may occur among such Trustees ; and in case such Vacancy shall continue for more than Three Months, so as to reduce the Number of Trustees below the Number of Three#* it shall be lawful for the remaining Trustees to nominate one other fit Perfon to be the Third Truftee : Provided always, that no Truftee shall be removed from his Office without his own Consent, except with the Approbation of Two or more Justices in Petty Seffion assembled.

V.	And be it further enacted. That when and as often as the Trustees and Perfons having under the Rules of any such Society the M anagement thereof, shall be desirous of making any Alteration in or Addition to the Rules and Tables allowed ana deposited as afore* said, it shall be lawful for them to make further Application by Memorial to the Justices in General or Petty Seffions as aforefaia, such Memorial being signed by the Trustees or the major Part ^hereof, and such Application shall be dealt with by the-faid Justices according to the Provifions hereinbefore contained with refpc& to the .Allowance or Alteration of the Rules Mid Tables proposed at the

firft

Proviso as to confirming Tables of Payments and Benefits.

Quarter Sessions may publish general Rules for the Formation and Government of such Societies, and Petty Sessions may act thereon.

Appointment of Trustees.

Alteration of Rules.

MCBIMltt w

«72

59* GEO. III.

C.128.

A. D. 1819.

Treasurer and other Officers.

Exemption from. Stamp Duties.

Property of Societies Tested in Trustees.

Who may bring and defend Actions.

Such Actions not to abate by Death or Unmoral of Trustee.

Restrictions upon Dissolution of Society and upon Dirision of Funds.

first Eftablifoment of such Society, in as far as the fame arc applicable thereto.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of each such Society -foall appoint One fit Perfon or more to be Treasurer or Treafurers of such Society ; and foall require from such Treasurer or Treafurers such Securities as the said Trustees may from time to time deem necessary and proper ; and no Bond or other^Security to be given to or on account of any such Society, or in pursuance of this A&, foall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and Effe&s whatever, and all Securities for Money or other obligatory Inftruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effe&s whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by such Inftitution, foall be veiled in the Truftee or Trustees of such institution for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of such Inftitution and the respective Depofitors therein, their respective Executors or Admi-niftrators, according to their respective Claims and InterefU ; and after the Death or Removal of any Truftee or Trustees, foall veil in the succeeding Truftee or Trustees for the faipe Eftate and Intereft as the former Truftee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the fame Trulls, without any Aflignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain ; and also shall, for all Purpofes of A&ion or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in any wife touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and taken to be, and foall in every such Proceeding (where neceffary) be stated to be the Property of the Perfon or Perfons appointed to the Office of Truftee or Trustees of such Inftitution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, without further Defcription ; and such Perfon or Perfons foall and they are hereby respectively authorised to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any A&ion, Suit or Profecution, Criminal as well as Civil, m Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid, of or belonging to or had by such Inftitution; and such Perfon or Perfons so appointed foall and may in all Cafes concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of such Inftitution, sue and be sued, plead and be impleacted, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Truftee or Trustees of such Inftitution, without other Defcription ; and no such Suit, A&ion or Profecution foall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Perfon or Perfons, or his or their Removal from the Office of Truftee or Trustees, but the fame foall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Truftee or Trustees, in the proper Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons commencing the fame, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding; and fu£h succeeding Truftee or Trustees foall pay or receive like Cofts, as if the A&ion or Suit had been commenced in his or their Name or Names, for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Inftitution.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That it foall not be lawful to dissolve any Society or Inftitution eftablifoed under the Authority of this A& ; nor foall any Divifion of the Funds thereof be made, otherwise than in the ordinary Courfe of Proceeding, according to the Rules confirmed as aforesaid, without the Content of the Truftees

A.D.1819.	59° GEO. III.	C.J	28.	675

or the major* Part of them :• Provided always, that no such ponfent of Trustees shall be given, unless and until it shall have been certified by Two or more professional Aftuaries or Perfons /killed in Calculation a? aforesaid, which Perfons shall have been approved as such by the Justices as aforesaid, that, according to the moll correct Calculation of which the Cafe will admit, the Intereft of all the Contributors to such Inftitution, and of all Perfons having Claims thereon, in PofTeflion or Expeftancy, are, by the proposed Scheme of DiiTolution or Division, fairly dealt with and secured.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Rules of every Society Place of Meet-or Inftitution formed under the Authority of this A A, shall specify ing, and Powers the Place or Places at which it is intended such Society or Inftitution and Duties of shall hold its Meetings, and shall contain Provifions with respect to Membera^to^ the Powers and Duties of the Members at large, and of such Com- ^ sub_ mittee8 or Officers as may be appointed for the Management of the ject to this Act Affairs of such Society, subject always to the Provifions of this and not to Aft with respect to the Appointment and Duties and Powers of 33®'3-c*J4* the Trustees; and such Society or Inftitution shall not be subject to

the Provifions and Reftriftions of the said Aft of the Thirty third Year of His present .Majefty’s Reign, as to the Appointment of Committees, or otherwise, with respect to the Management of such Society or Inftitution.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any pUD<js may be Society or Inftitution established under the-Authority of this Aft, subscribed into from time to time to subscribe the whole or any Part of the Funds Saving Bank; of such Society or Inftitution into the Funds of any Inftitution

which shall -have taken the Benefit of an Aft of the Fifty seventh 57 G. 3. c. 130.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to

encourage the EJlablUbment of Banks for Sating* in England, fubjeft

to the several Provifions contained in the said Taft mentioned Aft, or

of an Aft psffed in the last Seffion of Parliament to amend the 58-6.3. c.48.

said Aft.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any or into Bank of Society or Inftitution established under the Authority of this Aft, England to Ac-to pay directly into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of count of Com-Money not being less than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, upon the on Declaration Declaration of the Trustees of such Society or Inftitution, or any of Trustees.

Two or more of them, that such Monies belong exclusively to the

Society or Inftitution for which such Payment is intended to be

made, whether such Monies shall have been deposited therein before

the passing of this Aft, or thereafter shall be deposited therein 5

and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England are hereby CasHer to re-

required to receive all such Monies, and place the fame into a new ceive a id place

and feparatfc Account, to be raised in the Name of the said Com- 8uch Monies to

miffioners for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, Account*

to be denominated * The Fund for the Society or Inftitution efta-

*	blifhed at A. in the County of B. under an Aft of the Fifty

*	moth Year of the Aeign of King George the Thirdand all the Caufes and Provifions of an Aft passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, ^intituled An A3 to encourage the JSfiabli/hment of Banks for Savings tn England,) with respect to the Accounts of Banks for. Savings, and the Regulation of Debentures,

Certificates or Orders concerning the fame, shall be applicable to the

59 Geo. III.	X	x	Monies

C. 128.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819. .

Trustees may ▼e*t Funds of Society in public Funds, or on Real Security.

Responsibility of Trustees.

In case of Apprehension or Deficiency of Funds, Trustees may apply to Quarter Sessions, who may make Order therein.

AppMl.

Fliud.

In Cases of Complaint of Widows and Children of deceased Mem-ben, Justices to base Jurisdiction.

33	c.5*

and 49

c. 115. applicable to thi# Act.

Monies so paid into the Bank of England under the Authority of this Aft, as if the fame had been repeated therein.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to prevent the Trustees of any Society formed under the Authority thereof, from investing any Part of the Funds of such Society in any Public Stocks or Funds established by the Authority of Parliament, or from laying out the fame upon Real Security at Intereft.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That the Trustees of any Society or Inftitution established under the Authority of this Aft, shall not be liable to make good any Deficiency which mav arise in the Funds of such Society, unless such Perfons (nail have reipeftively declared by Writing under their Hands, deposited and registered in like manner with the Rules of such Society, that they are wiling to be answerable ; and it shall be lawful for each of such Perfons, or for such Perfons collectively, to limit his, her or their Refponfibility to such Sum as shall be specified in any such Inftrument in Writing.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That when the Trustees of any Society formed under £he Authority of this Aft, shall be appre-henfive that the Funds of such Society, together with the Sum (if any) for which Perfons having formed the said Society shall have made themselves responsible as aforesaid, are likely to prove infuffident to make all the Payments becoming due to the several Parties interested, according to the Rules of such Society, the said Trustees shall forthwith state their Apprehension, and the Grounds thereof, to the Justices in General or Quarter Sefiions, or if the Rules of such Inftitution shall have been originally confirmed at the Petty Sefiions, then to the Justices in such Petty Sefiions ; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, upon a full Statement of the Accounts and Proceedings of such Society, which the said Trustees are hereby directed to furni(h at the Requifition of such Committee, to make such Order for the Adjuftment of the Claims of all Parties interested in the Funds of such Society, as to them may appear fair and equitable: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who may think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any such Order of Justices in Petty Sefiions, to appeal therefrom to the Justices assembled in the Quarter Sefiions next ensuing after the Date of such Order, whose Decifion shall be final and conclusive.

* XV. And Whereas by the said Aft of the Forty ninth Year of * His present Majefty’s Reign, no sufficient Provifion is made lor 4 the Relief of Widows and Children of deceased Members of 4 Friendly Societies, who may be aggrieved by the Officers or 4 Members of the Societies of which their Hufbands or Parents were 4 Members Be it further enacted, That Justices of the Peace shall have the like Power and Jtirifdiftion in Cafes of Complaint made by or on behalf of such Widows and Children, as they have under the said last mentioned Aft, or under this Aft, in regard to the Members of such Societies themselves.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Provifions of the said Afts of the Thirty third and Fofty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as to Matters for which no other Provifion is made by this Aft, shall be deemed, so far as the fame are not repugnant to this Aft, applicable to all Societies and Jnftitutions formed under the Authority of this Aft.

10

• CAP.

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.lf9, ISO.

675

CAP. CXXIX.

An Aft to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, Three Afts of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an A61 was paired in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the 4 Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England : And Whereas an Aft was * palled in th£ Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present ‘ Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend an A3 of the Fifty third Tear 4 of Hit Majefty7 s Reign, intituled ‘ An A3 for the Relief of Infolvent 4 Debtors in England :* And Whereas an Aft was palfed in the Fifty 4 sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 4 to amend the, A3 of the Fifty third Tear of His present Majesty, * intituled ‘ An A3 for the ReRef of Infofvent Debtors *V England ; • and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the said A3 * which several Afts were to continue in force until the End of the 4 present Seffion of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that ‘ the said several A6U should be continued for a Ihort timeBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said several Afts and each and every of them, as far as the fame now are in force, shall and the fame are hereby respectively continued until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Aft it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a fit Perfon, being a Barrifter at Law of Ten Years Handing at the least, to be His Majefty’s Commiffioner for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, and to preside in the Court eftablilhed by the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty ; and that it shall be lawful for fucH Commiffioner to appoint such and so many Officers for carrying into Execution the purposes of the said recited Afts and this Aft, as His Majesty shall deem to be necefiary and expedient for such purposes, but so that the Number of such Officers Ihall not exceed the Number heretofore appointed and employed in the said Court.

CAP. CXXX.

An A fit to continue the several Afts for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.	[12th July 1819.]

*	TTY HE REAS an Aft was palfed in the Fifty third Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the 4 Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland, and was to continue in force

*	until the prft Day of November One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the men next Seffion

X x 2	‘	of

53 G. 3. e. ioju

54 G. 3. *.*>

56 G. 3. c. ioo.

continued.

A Commissioner to be appointed, who may appoint Officers*

iyG.3. C-X3&

t

676

€.130—133.

59* GEO. HI.

A.D. 1819.

4 of Parliament, and no longer ; and the said Aft was amended by XIJ 4 Two Afts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His continued	Maiefty’s	Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that the

* laid Afts mould be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforeGud, as the fame is amended by the said Afts of the Fifty fourth and Ififty sixth Years, shall be and the fame is and are hereby continued in force from the End of this present Seffion of Parliament until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Aft for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five kindred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for die Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

[12th July 1819.3

{This A3 is the fame as 58 G. 3. c. 4. except as to Dates and Sums.J

cap. cxxxn.

An Aft, for raising the Sum of Two Millions BritM Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. [12th July 1819.3 [This AB ts the fame as 58 G. 3. c* 87. except as to Dates amt Sams* 3

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Aft for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.	[13th July 1819.3

§ I* £'3»5oo,ooo o o

II.	
III.	334*487 0 0
IV.	244,892 18 9!
V.	

3»oocsooo o o

20*000,000 O O

1 **0Q0*)00 o o

Out of Duties of Excife of ^ 56 G. 3. e. 17.

Alfo a Proportion of Balance remaining in the Bank belonging to the Public

Arifen from the Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores	-

Surplus of the Grants for 1818.

Monies raised by Ex-" chequer Bills, under *3-

—----------- >	c.8.

From a Loan -Monies arifmg Lotteries - c

- c. 4. f.42. from 6S.

Granted it> make good the Supply > for Great Britain and Inland for 1819.

Towards the said Supply.

A.D.1819,

59° GEO. III.

0,133.

«77

£.12,000,000 o o 16,500,000 o o

2,000,000 O o

334*4*7	o	o

244**9*	1*	9f

v	3*5°o»ooo	o	o

Vi*	6,527,781	11	7

565,500	0	0

520.000	o o

533.000	o o

91,000 o o 2*4*3>OI3 1* 7 1,631,628 o o

4*9*3 *9 0 0

284,321 o o VII. 8,782,470 5 7 2,258,776 ij 2

749,937 8 10 net 118,021	|	3

34,784 14 11 net 139*333 *4 *

10,894 16 7 net

From a Loan - r.71.

By Exchequer Bills r. 131.

By Treasury Bills

^.132.

Balance of Public Money paid by the Bank under 56 G. 3. e. 97.

1 granted above, § III.} granted above, § IV.) granted above, § I.)

236

200

210

Granted as above, and appropriated toUfes hereinafter expressed. See § 6 —22.

For Wages of “	
20,000 Men,	
including	J
6000 Royal	5S
Marines,	W
For Vi&uals,	
For Wear and	j
Tearof Ships,	A
For Ordnance	
for Sea Ser-	
vice,	** (j

For 13 Months.

_ (P 7 °J For Ordinary Eftabliftimept") of the Navy For building, rebuilding and Repairs of Ships, and other Extra Works For Provifions for Troops on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked pn board Ships of War and Tranfports For Tranfport Service For Land Foroes; (that is to fay) For Land Forces in G. 2?.,“ and on Stations abroad,

(except.the Eafi Indies)

For Ditto for Ireland For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hof-pitals serving with the Forces in G. B. and pn Foreign Stations, (excepting India)

For Ditto in Ireland For Allowances to Principal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. B.y their Departments, Clerks and Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland Xx 3

Fpr the Year 1819.

From the 25th Dec• i8iB.to the a^th Dee. ^819. inclu-five.

59° GEO. III.

A'D* 1819.

C.13S.

£.21 >635 * *1

7*4°° *7. 3 net

100,000 o o

21,668 15 5 net 2a, 884 r 2

*74>378 6 o

1,263 9 3 net 27,480 3 11

6,178	II	O	net
123,899	7	9	
3.538	9	8	net
687,600	0	0	
49.77a	6	2	net
31,561	17	6	

-1,227 *4 ° net , 129,750 o o

42,8*9 8 9

For Medicines and Sur-' gical Materials for Land Forces on the Eftablifti-ment of G. B., and of certain Hofpital Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland For defraying the Charge' of Volunteer Corps in G.B.

For ditto in Ireland For Four Troops of Dragoons and 44 Companies of Foot stationed m G. 2?., for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial Pofleffions of the East India Company For Pay of General Officers in the Land Foroes, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Efta-blifhment of G.B.	-

For Ditto in Ireland For Garrifons at Home' and Abroad on the Efta-blifhment of G.B.	-|

For Ditto in Ireland	- 1

For Full Pay for retired1 Officers and unattached Officers of Forces upon the Eftablifhmentof G.B. For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftabli flint of G.B. -For Ditto in Ireland

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G. B. For Ditto in Ireland For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Penfions to Wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceafed

Foreign Officers For In renfioners of C6el-fea Hofpital

For the Year 1819*

From the 25th Dt€.

1818.	to 24th Dee.

1819.	inclufrre.

For the Year 1819.

From 25th Dee* 1818. to 241J1 Dee. 1819.

A.D.1819.

69® GEO. III.

C. 133.

679

f.ij,68i 13 n

977,58* o .0 196,065 14	*

84,580 o o

19,54*	*	2

168,532 12 I

20,732 O O 29>994 6 9

7.343 11 2 35,000 o 0

197,244 14 3

6,009 16 9 123,500 o o 380,300 o o

189,574 14 4

net

net

net

net

net

For Ditto of Kilmainbam Hofpital For Out Penfioners of CbeUea Hofpital For Ditto of Kilmainbam Hofpital For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Eftabliftiment of G. B. -For Ditto in Ireland Allowances on Compaffion-ate Lift, and of Penfions to Officers for Wounds Ditto to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G. B.. For Allowances, Compen-' fations and Emoluments, in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to several Public Departments in G. 2?., in respect of their having held Public Offices or ► Employments of a Civil Nature For Ditto in Ireland For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on I flues for Army Services for the Britifb Eftablifh-

From the 25th Dec. , i8i8.to24thZW, 1819* inclusive.

ment -	-

For Corps ordered to be difb^nded or reduced in the Year 1819; for the Clothing of Cavalry Regiments, the Eftablifhments of which were reduced from the 25th December, 1818 ; and for Two Regiments of Cavalry to Dates of Embarkation For the Eqfl Indies.

For Charges incident for the Year 1819, for the Pay and Clothing of Corps reduced in Ireland. For the Barrack Depart-] ment in G. B.

For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, Coals, Candles, Straw and Furniture for Troops in G. B. and for casual Supplies for Troops on Foreign Stations, and for the Pay of Commifiariat Department -

For the Year 1819*

For the Year 1819.

For disembodied Militia in

G. B.

X x 4

680

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

VIII,

c. 133.

*,*00,000	7  0	5"  O	X  a
			t
*0,000	0	C\	a  I £
*48,532	0	U  O	r t  0
73,032	8	O^	j  3
250,000	0	O	
386,222	3	II	
20,094	16	IO	
1  10,000	0	O	
275,667	18	O	

6,02a	5

34^84 2 6

101,008 IJ 4 19)000 O O

► For the Year 1819.

For Ditto in Ireland - For the Year 1819.

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army in G. B. during the present Year.

For Ditto in Ireland during the present Year.

For Commifiariat Depart-"! For one Year end-ment, ditto -	-	>	ing 24th Dec•

Barrack Department, ditto J 1819.

For Ordnance Service of the present Year.

For Ordnance for Land) «	,

Service for	G. B. For ^ Year 1819.

For Services performed by Ordnance for Land Service for G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

For the Redaction of Or-* dinary Military Corps -For Ordnance for G. B. for Allowances to Retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded,to Officers for good Services, to Wounded Officers, to Superannuated and Dif-abled Men, and for Pen-fions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps

For Ditto, not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

For Allowances, Compen-^ fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons late 'belonging to the Office of Ordnance in G. £• in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows*

Penfions For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland For Ditto in Ditto, on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of the late Irijh Artillery and For the Year 1819* Engineers, and Penfions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame

A.D.1819.

59° QEO. III.

C. 133.

£81

£.4,500 o o

IX.	1,000,000 o o

X.	24,954,300 o o

XI.	8,046,100 o o

XII.	8,599,600 o o

XIII.	3,000,000 o o XIV* 4^400,000 o o

XV.

XVI. Civil Eftafolifhments, 3,301 10 o

600	O	0
10,800	O	0
>3*440	O	0
<5.757	10	0
2,190	0	0
3>49°	0	0
5>97<5	0	0
16,825	0	0
16,687	>5	0
79**54	8	,9i

For Allowances, Compen-fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows*

Penfions

For improving the Defences of the Low Countries, by virtue of the Convention concluded on the 13th Augujl 1814.

For discharging Outftanding Exchequer Bills under 58 G. 3. c. 86. and c. 4. unprovided for. For discharging Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1818, unprovided for.

For discharging Exchequer Bills charged upon the Supplies of the Year 1819, unprovided for. For Ditto, under 48 G. 3. c. 3. 55 G. 3. r. 16.

and 56 G. 3. r. 7. unprovided for.

For difoharging/Treafury Bills iffiied for the Service of Ireland under 57 G. 3. c. 81 • and 58 G. 3. c. 87. unprovided for on the 5th January 1819. Out of the several Sums of 24,954,300/. § X. ante, 8,599,600/. § XII. ante, 3,000,000/. Exchequer Bills, § XIII. ante, and 4,400,000/. Treasury Bills, § XIV. ante, 5,000,000/. to be repaid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

viz.

Bahama IJlandt, in addition ’ to the Salaries now paid to the PiAlic Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame -IJland of Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia New Brunfwtck Cape Breton

St. John ( Prince Edward?*

IJland)

Newfoundland New South Wale* -Sierra Leone

For making good Deficiency of Grant for the Year 1818, to provide for such Expences of a Civil Nature as do not form a Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

t From ift January to 31ft Dec. 1819.

682

A.D. 1819.

C. 153. £.300,000 o ©

6,500 o o

*4*5'5 00 22,401 o o

923 4 2 41,974 o o

74>932 0 0 2,777 o o

8.000	o o

20.000	O O

3.000	o o

17.000	o o

2,209 O O

149 9 O

59* GEO. III.

> For the Year 1819.

For such Expences of a'

Civil Nature as do not form Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift -	-	-	-	For the Year 1819.

For Salaries to Officers and 1 Expences of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer -	-

For defraying the Ex-' pences of the Houfes of |

Lords and Commons For the Salaries and Al- I Iowances to the Officers | of Lords and Commons For making good Deficiency of Sum granted in the last Sefiion of Parliament to defray the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Houfes of Lords and Commons.

For Works and Repairs of')

Public Buildings For the confining, mam- ! twining and Employments | of Convi&s at nome For maintain-1	, C To be paid without

ing criminal > v	-<	Fee or other De-

Lunatics .J Year 1819.}

For Profecutions, &c. re-1 lating to the Coin of this > For the Year 1819. Kingdom	-	j

For Law Charges -	-	For the Year 1819.

For the Vaccine f tteYcar ’

Eftabliftment^gY^-

For printing A6U of Par-j liament for the Two |

Houfes of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks I of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and | for the acting Justices throughout Great Bri- | tain; also for printing ,

Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House j of Lords * -For printing Votes of the House of during the present Seffioa of Parliament.

For Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing 1750 Copies of the 72d vol. of Journals of the House ot Commons.



For the Year 1819.

To be paid witb-out Fee or other Deduction.

> For the Year 1819.

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 133.

688

£.11,000 o o 251 10 o

2^42 o o

920 o o

266 13 4

558 o o

225 o o

18,449 4 0

9,189 16 2

9°>7a7 o o

For American Loy-alifts -	-

For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Lottery Office For Superannuation Allowances or Com-penfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of Commiffionersfor auditing the public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in His Ma-jefty’s Mint For Superannuation Allowance or Compensation to One of the late Paymafters of Exchequer Bills For Superannuation or retired Allowances to Perfons formerly employed on the Militaiy Roads in North Britain

6s

m

CO

M

I,

►. 1

I

£

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction*

For Superannuation or retired Allowance to IVil-Ram Bell of KingRon in Canada, at the Rate of 150/. per annum	-

From the 30th Jam

1818.	to 30th Dee*

1819.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For making good the Deficiency of the Fee Funds in the Department of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Privy Council.

For making good the Deficiency of the Sum granted in the last Seffion of Parliament for defraying contingent Expences, add Meffengers’ Bills in the Departments of .the Treasury, the Three Secretaries of State and Lord Chamberlain.

For making good DefiO ciency of Fee Funds in |

684

C. 136.

99* GEO. 111.

4.D.1SI&

£.73,700 • o

60,000 o o

21,000 O O

50,000 • o

8.000	p o

8.000	p o 17,173 18 10 28,482 17 7

5.000	o p 52,662 14 1

80,000 o e

4.S>87	3

the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State, and Privy Council ...

For defraying the contingent Experices and Mef-lengero’ Bills in the De-, partments of the Trea-iury, Three Secretaries of State find Lord Chamberlain -

Towards the Expence of building a Penitentiary Houle at Militant

> For the Year 1819.

For

the

Year

1819.

For the Eftablilhment of the Penitentiary House -,

For the Inland Na-*| vigation from the	For

Eaftern to the	the

WefLem Sea by * Year Invemefs and 1819. Fort William - J Towards the Expences of' the Royal Military College -	-

Towards the Royal Military Afylum	-

For completing the Royal' Military College -For completing the Royal Military Afylum at Chelsea For the Refuge) For

To be paid without Fee or other Dedudion.

From the 24th Jam

1819.	to 24th Jam

1820.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To be paid without Fee or other Dedudion.

► For jthe Year 1819.

From the 25th Dec. 1818. to the 24th Dec. 1810. indn-fire.

(‘To be paid with* out Fee or other Dedu&ion.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

for the Defti- > the Year < tute -	-)	1819.	(

For Relief to Toulonefe and*

Corfican Emigrants, St.

Domingo Sufferers, Dutch Naval Officers, for Services performed or Lofles fufbuned in the Brkijb Service -For Secret Services	For	the Year 1819*

For making good Deficiency of the Grant of 1818, for the Expence of printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, .during the last Seffion of PartiameiiU

A.£>. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

CUSS.

885

£.213 *4 it

21)000 O O

3,000 O O 3,500 O 9

3,169 13 of 24,800 o o

10*000 o o

1,671	2	O

M77 8 5

100.000	o o

1,570,000 •© o

430.000	• o

For making good Deficiency of Grant of 1818, for printing 1,750 Copies of the 73d Vol. of Journals of the House of Commons.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Seffion of Parliament.

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons, in the Year 1819.

For printing 1,750 Copies of the 74th Vol. of the Journals of the House of Commons, for the Year 1819.

For repairing Henry the'

Seventh’s Chapel For defraying the Salaries and Allowances and Ex-pences for the Commif-tioners under the Treaties • with Foreign Powers, for preventing the illicit T raf-nc in Slaves For carrying on Works at the College of Edinburgh For printing 1,250 Copies of the 50th Vol. of Journals of die Houle of Peers.

For defraying Deficiency of the Grant of 1818, for printing-A&s of Parliament for the Two Houfes of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace, and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the A ding Juf-tices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence, and other Papers and Account? for the House of Lords.

For the Year 1819. To be paid without Fee or other Dedu&ion.

For Bills drawn or to be 1 drawn from New South > For the Year 1810. Wales	-	-	-)

For difcbarging Intereft cm Exchequer Bills, Irijb Treasury Buis, and Mint Notes.

Being the ioodth Part of'

43 Millions of Exchequer Bills, authorised in the last Selfion of Parliament to be issued and charg

For the Year ending the lit February 1819.

upon the Aids granted in the present Seffion, to be issued and paid by Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* to be placed to the Account of the Commif-fioners of the National Debt :	.S

686

A.D. 1818.

C.133.

S9oGEO.UL

£.10,018 16 '8

100,000 o o

10.000	o o

48,904 2	2

*3>°97 *7 4

15.000	o o

12,500 o o

13,300 o o

1,000 o o

28.000	o o

1,175 O 0

6,000 o o

For

the

Year

1819.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

Towards Expences ‘ incurred in the Management of the jBritifb Mu-feum

For the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty.

For the Poorer Clergy in Scotland, to be issued and applied in pursuance of any A6fc for that purpose For Intereft due on 300,000/. granted to the Portuguese Government, in .purfu-ance of a Convention, signed at Vienna on the 21ft January 1815	-	,

For making good the Deficiency on the 5th ol April 1819, of the Fee Fund at Receipt of Exchequer.

For defraying Expence of"

Improvements between Bangor Ferry and Chirk Bridge, in North Wales For defraying Expence of Works proposed to be done in and about the Harbour of Holyhead For defraying Expence of Repairs upon the Cobb

at Lyme Regis For the Board of Agriculture -For maintaining and repairing the Britifb Forts on the Coaft of Africa For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations . to Andrew AUen and Edward Stanley, retired Con-* fuls abroad To General Boyd, a Citizen and Officer of the United

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

States of America, for Services rendered by the Exportation of Saltpetre exported under the King’s Licence, as a Remuneration for a Service formerly rendered to this Country in the Eqfl Indies, and for Expences and Trouble incurred in the Profecq-tion of his Claim J ,

AJ). 1819.

69» GEO. Ill,

C. 138.

687

BrkUb Currency net.

XVIII.	£.1,153 16 11

XIX.	22,882 o o 20,684 0 0

9,692 o o 3.439 o o

23,076 o o

1,000 o o 8,651 I 7

4*034 l5 5

756 o o 1,741 16 II 4*480 o o 12,000 O o 6,700 o o

For the Year 1819.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

For the Remuneration of certain public Officers in Ireland^ for their extraordinary Trouble in 1819.

For the probable Expendi-1 ture of the Board of -T Works in Ireland	1

For Printing, Stationery5 and other Difburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries* Offices and Apartments, and other public Officers in Dublin Castle, &c., and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Purfuivants and extra Meffengers attending the said Offices, also fuper-annuated Allowances in the said Chief Secretary's Office

For publishing Proclamations and otner Matters of a public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers in Ireland For printing 1,500 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the U. K. for the Magistrates of Ireland\ and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the fame, bound for the Ufe of the Lords, Bifhops and public Officers in Ireland• For Criminal Profecutions' and other Law Expences m Ireland -	-	-

For apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland For completing the Sum necessary for the Support of the Nonconforming Minifters in Ireland For the Support of Seced-

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

ing Mimfters from the £ .For	^

Synod of Ulfter	-)	1820.

For Proteftant Diffenting Minifters in Ireland For Salaries of Lottery Officers in Ireland For the Dire&ors of Inland 9 r	v A 0

Navigation in Ireland .) For the Year 1819.

For carrying on the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the current Year.

For Ditto at Harbour of Hoeuth in' the current Year.

For One Year, ending cth Jan. 1820. For One Year, ending 24th June 1820.

C. 133.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

JBritj/b Currency net. £.683 1 6

1,071 13 10 26,600 o o

10,000 o o

1.000	o o 7,200 o o

3.000	o o 17,076 18 si

XX. 9,230 o o 18,461 o o

>9.938 9

11.000	o o 276 18 si

300 o o XXI. 24,000 o o

30.000	o o

32.000	o o

6,655 o o

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

For dojthing the Battle Axe Guards for 18 Months, commencing I ft June 1819.

For clothing Officers of Arms, Purfuivants and State Trumpeters in Ireland for three Years, commencing 17th March 1819.

For the Police and Watch ^

E flablifh ments of the City and DiftriC of Dublin -For providing for Fever Cafes in Ireland For Uten fils and Implements of ManufaCure for the Ufe of New Bridewell in Dublin.

For Salaries of Commissioners of Inquiry into Courts of Juftice in Ireland.

In aid of Schools established by Voluntary Contributions.

For making good the Advances made from the Civil Lift in Ireland, pursuant to the Addreffes of the House of Commons of the 8th July 1817 and the 2d June 1818, for the Remuneration of the Commissioners of Enquiry into the Courts of Juflice in Ireland.

For building Churches and-Glebe Houfes and pur-chafing Glebes in Ireland ■

For further defraying the Expence of ditto For the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied in such manner as tney shall think fit to promote the said ManufaCures For making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin -	-	--

Allowance to the Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation

For repairing the House of the Royal Irtfb Academy in Grafton Street.

For the Proteftant Charter'

Schools of Ireland For the Foundling Hofpital at DubRn -For the House of Induftry,

Hofpitals and Afylum for industrious Children in Dublin For the Richmond Lunatic Afylum at Dublin

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1820.

For the Year 1819.

A.IX1819.

<59* GEO. III.

C. 135% 134.

<58*

Britifb Currency, neU			For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ Children
£. 9,200	0	0	
1,800	0	0	For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin
2,600	0	a	For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road near Dublin
8,000	0	0	For the Wcfimorland Lock Hofpital, Dublin
3»3°°	0	0	For the Lying-in Hoipital, Dublin
1,400	0	0	For Doftor Stevens's Hofpital
4»6oo	0	0	For the Fever Hofpital and House of Recovery in > Cork Street, Dublin -
460	0	0	For the Hofpital for Incurables in Dublin
8,928	0	0	For the Roman Catholic Seminary For the Alfociation for dif-
3+3°	0	0	

IOO o o

XXVII.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1820.

countenancing Vice and 1 promoting the Knowledge of the Christian Religion For the Green Coat Hof-pital of Cork For the Cork Inftitution For the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland -For the Dublin Society For the Fanning Society of Ireland For defraying the Civil Contingencies in Ireland _

Supplies to be applied only for the Purpofes aforefaid-Rules for Application of Half Pay.

Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

Ditto to Chaplains of Regiments, although in Pofleffion of Ec cleft af-tical Benefices.	^

Application of Overplus of Sum under 58 Goot-fr'C. 101.

2,300

9>*oo

3*000

o

o

XXII. 20,000 o o

XXIII.

XXIV. XXV.

XXVI.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Aft to amend and render more effectual an Aft paired in the last Seflion of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in.populous Partthes.

[13th	1819.]	,8G.j.c.4*

*	XT7HEREAS an Aft palled in the lafb Seffion of Parliament,

*	VV intituled An AS for building and promoting the building of

*	additional Churches in populous Pari/hes: And. Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient and neceffiury that some of the Provifions of the laid Aft

.69 Geo. III.	Yy	•	Ihould



C.lSi.

W GEO. IIL

A.D.1811.

Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of recited Act to bear a certain Rate of Interest.

Commissioners under recited Act to apply for Exchequer Bilh;

4 should be amended, and other Provifions thereof enlarged, and that 4 further and additional Provifion should be made for rendering the 4'faid Aft more effhftualBe it therefore enacted by The Cog’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament anembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Exchequer Bilk, to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Aft or this Aft, shall and may bear such an Intereft as may be directed by the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Cofrimiflioners of His Majeftyk Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Brit com and Ireland^ not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies refpeftiyely/ contained therein; and that all such Bills as shall be advanced for the purposes of carrying the said Aft or this Aft into Execution, shall be made payable at such Periods, and, together with the Intereft that shall be due thereon, shall be paid off and discharged out of such Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, for the Service of any Year, as in each and every Exchequer B01 so made forth shall be particularly specified and expressed, purfnant to such Direftions as shall be given in that behalf to the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants from the said Commiflioners of His majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

II.	And be it further enacted. That from time to time, as the Commiflioners appointed for the Execution of the said recited Aft shall find it necessary to apply to the purposes thereof, any Amount of such Bills to be advanced under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or of this Aft, the said Commiflioners shall forthwith represent the fame to the said Commiflioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the said Commi(Boners, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall thereupon, if satisfied of such Neceffity, direct the said Commiflioners to issue a Certificate to be signed by any Three or more of them, to such Perfon or Perfons as may be authorised to receive the fame, containing the Amount so by the said Commiflioners intended to be advanced

which are to be by Exchequer Bills; which Certificate shall and may be pretested delivered by the to the Auditor at the Receipt of Exchequer at WeflminBer, and Auditor of the ^ Auditor shall, immediately upon the Receipt of filch Cer-xc equer. tificate, deliver to the Bearer thereof a like Amount in Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Aft or of this Aft, and payable at such Period as shall in such Exchequer ^ Bill^be specified and expressed; provided that the total Amount so to be iijuea by yirtue of such Certificates shall not at any time exceed the Amount directed to be advanced under the said recited Aft; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which such Certificate shall be so received by the Dud Auditor, or on such other Day as in such Certificate shall be specified; any thing* in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding •; and all fiich Eichequer Biffs so to be delivered shall and may be signed by the said Auditor, or in hie Name by any Perfon duly authorised to sign Exchequer Bills.

III.	Apd be it farther enacted, That k fhaB be lawful for TBs Mqefty, His Heixs and Succestone, when and so often as • any Vacancies shall or may azz£e, by Death, Refiynatkm or ikieifa of any of the Commi&mevs appointed by Hit Majesty under the

Dste of the asid Exchequer Bills.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners to supply Vacancies.

I

A.D. 18Id.	59" GEO. HI. .	C/1S4.

^rovifioix of the said recited Ad or this Ad, from time to time to’fupply any fueh Vacancy or Vacancies by the Appointment of any other Perfon or Ferfons, and also from time to time to appoint additional Commiflioners, who, together with the Perfons before appointed, shall be the Commissioners for carrying into Execution	,

the purposes of the said A A and this Aft $ and the Commissioners Commisaionevs so appointed by His Majesty, under the Provi(ions of the said Aft to be a Body or this A A, shall be and are nereby declared to be a Body Corporate, Corporate* by the Name and Stile of “ His Majefty* s Commissioners for building New Churches,1 * and by that Name shall, from and Rafter the pamng of this Aft, be a Body Corporate, while any Commiffion appointing such Commiflioners shall continue in full Force, and shall have a Common Seal.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners said Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered to allow and empowered to make Grants for the defraying the whole of the Charges and fll^$ewho*e Expences of building any Churoies or Chapels under the Proviflons *n certain of the said recited Aft or this Aft, in all Cafes in which the Com-miflioners shall fee (it, either on account of the Inability of the Inhabitants to bear any Part of the Charge of building any such Churches or Chapels, or from any other Caufe which (nail, in the Judgment and Difcretion of the said Commissioners be sufficient; any thing in the said recited Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

* V. And Whereas many Pariffies are divided into Townffiips,

€ Hamlets, Villa, Chapelries, and other Diviflons, which are oftentimes 4 very large and populous; and it is therefore expedient that the faid

*	Commiffioners shall be empowered to conflder Diviflons of Pariffies

*	as Pariffies for the purposes of the said recited Aft and of this

4 Aft Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commisrionera Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to make Grants or	witil

Loans, or Grants and Loans, to any such Townffiips, Hamlets, (SmtstoDi-Vills, Chapelries, or other Diviflons of Pariffies, as may, in the vision*,of Judgment of the Commissioners, from their Population, require further Parishes, as if Accommodation for Divine Service, according to the Rites of the were dia-TJnited Church of England and Ireland* although the Population of t“ct Pari*hw’ any such Diviflon may not amount to Four thousand, and although in the whole Pariffi there may be Accommodation for more than One Fourth Part of the Inhabitants; and the Commissioners may, in every such Cafe, proceed, in relation to any such Diviflons, under the Proviflons of the said Aft and this Aft, in every respect as	;

if they were separate and diitinft Pariffies; and all the Proviflons 58 Q. 3, e. 45. in the said Aft and this Aft contained for enabling the said Com- jndthis Act in miffioners to make Grants or Loans to any Pariffies or Extra parochial "J®? f8 to *uc“ Places, shall extend and apply and be in full force as to such Di- vlwoafc visions of Pariffies, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Diviflons were separate and distinct Pariffies, and as if all the Powers, Authorities and Proviflons in the said Aft and this Aft contained, in relation to Pariffies, were severally and Separately re-enafted as to such Diviflons of Pariffies*

4 VI. And Whereas a Confiderable Population is frequently £ol-4 lested together, at the Extremities of and locally fltuate in Pariffies 4 or Extra parochial Placet contiguous to each other, at a pittance 4 from the refptftive Churches or Chapels of such respective Pariffies

Yy 2	•	or

6£2

C. 134.

39* GEO. III.

AJX.1819.

Commissioners « or Extra parochial PlacesBe it therefore enabled. That it fhafl

may unite Parts ^ lawful for the said Commissioners, with such Confent as is required

Parishes and* ^>y t^ie &»d recited Aft in the Cafe of Diftrift Parifhes, to unite and

Extra parochial consolidate any such contiguous Parts of such Parifhes and Extra

Places into	parochial Places into a separate and distinct District, ior all Ecclefi-

•eparate EMs-	aftical Purposes, and to cause such Diftrift to be named, afcertained

tricts Tor Eccla- marhed out by described Bounds, and such Name, and the

posM^andr	Defcription of such Bounds, when approved by His Majesty in

make’Loans	Couneil, to be enrolled in the High Court of Chaneery, and in

for building the Office of the Regiftry'of the Diocefe to which such Diftrift (hall

Chapels for the belong, under the Provifions of this Aft, and to make Grants or U*e of such ~	-	   -	-	.	—	-	•

Districts;

and constitute such District consolidated Chapelries.

Right of Presentation, Sc.

Loans for or towards the building of or to build any Chapel .or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries, in and for the Ufe of the Inhabitants of any such District, in such Manner and under such Regulations as may, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, appear from the Circumftances to be most expedient, and to constitute «any such Diftrift a consolidated Chapelry; and every such Chapeby shall be under the Superintendence of such Spiritual Perfon as shall be appointed under the Provifions of this Aft, to serve any such Chapel; and such Spiritual P*rfon shall have Cure of Souls in such District; and the Right of Prefentation and Appointment of such Spiritual Perfon (half thenceforth belong to such Perfon or Perfon 8, and be exercised in such manner as may be agreed by the several Patrons of the Churches or Chapels of such Parifhes and Extra parochial Places respectively, with tne Approbation of the Codi-miffioners; and Banns of Marriage may be published, and Marriages, Chriftenings, Churchings and Burials may be solemnised and performed in any such Chapel, immediately and at all times after the Confecration thereof; and the Pew Rents in such Chapel shall be fixed, and Salaries to the Minifter and Clerk assigned therefrom, is such manner as is directed in the said recited Aft or in this Aft concerning Pew Rents and Salaries in separate or Diftrift Parifhes; and all Fees and Offerings which may arise and accrue within fuck Chapelry, according to such Table of Fees as the Commissioners shall make, with the Approbation of the Bishop, may be demanded, received, sued for, prosecuted and recovered by the Spiritual Perfon having Cure of Souls therein, and by the Clerk and Sexton of such Chapelries, in like manner as if every such Chapelry was a distinct Parifh; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, in every such Cafe, to ascertain and make Compenfation, in manner directed m like Cafes under the said recited Aft, for any Lofs which may be sustained by the Incumbent of any contiguous Parifh or Extra parochial Place which shall form Part of any such District, by reason of any Fees, Oblations and Offerings being transferred to the Spiritual Perfon serving any such Chapa; and all such Chapelries shall be deemed to be Benefices, and be fub-jeft to the Jurifdiftion of the Bifhop and Archdeacon within whose Diocefe and Archdeaconry the Altar of such Chapel shall be locally Subject to Laws fixate, and to all the Laws in force concerning Prefentation and in ore*.	Appointment	to	Benefices and Churches, and Lapse, and all other

Laws relating to the holding of Benefices and Churches.

Commissioners VIL And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe in which the majkiriMoner Commissioners shall determine that any additional Church or Chapel or Churches or Chapels shall be erected in any Pa i(h or Extra parochial

Pew fonts.

Fees end bflkrings.

Compensation to Incumbent of contiguous Parish, 0t*

AD. 181%	59*GEO. III. - '	C.J34.

chial Place, it shall be lawful for the fpid Commiflioners to require Site* to be provided for the fame, in manner directed by the said recited Ad, and to grant or lend Money for the purchasing of Sites, and for the erecting, or to ered or build, under the Provifions of the said Ad or this Ad, any Building or Buildings for the Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland\ without determining before the making of any such Requifition of Sites, or of any such Grant or Loan, or before the erecting or building any such Church or Chapel, whether the Parifh or Extra parochial Place in whith the fame shall be built, shall be divided into separate and diflind Parifhes or Diflrids for Ecclefiaftical Purpofes under the Provifions of the said Ad, or whether any such Building shall, after the Confecration thereof, be deemed a Church or Chapel, or whether the fame shall be appropriated to the Accommodation of the Parifh at large in which the fame is b«ilt, or to any particular Diftrid or Divifion or Divifions thereof; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe in which the said Commiflioners shall be of Opinion that it will be expedient to divide any Parifh or Extra parochial Place into Two or more diflind and separate Parifhes, for Ecclefiaflical Purposes, under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Com-miflioners, with such Confents as are by the said Ad required in loch Cases, to apportion the relative and respective Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments or Emoluments, which it may be expedient to assign and attach to each of such respective Divisions, without regard to whether any such respective Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments or Emoluments are locally situate, or arise or accrue within the Divifion or Diftrid to which they may be so assigned, or are locally situate or arise or accrue within the Parifh or Extra parochial Place so proposed to be divided, or elsewhere ; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding,

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners, with Confent of the Bishop, in the Divifion of any Parifh, and of the relative Proportion of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments, under. the Provifions of the said recited Ad or this Ad, to apportion also the permanent Charges in respect thereof, or in any manner affecting the fame, or the Incumbent for the time being of the said Parifh, and such Charges so apportioned shall thereafter be borne by and belong to each of the IDivifions of such Parifh, or by the Spiritual Perfon serving the fame respectively; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	And be it further enacted. That when any Parifh shall be drrided under the Provifions of the said recited,Ad or this Ad, all Fees, Dues, Profits and Emoluments belonging to the Parifh Clerk or Sexton respectively of any such Parifh, whether by Pre-feription, Ufage or . otherwise, which shall thereafter arise in any J>iflrid or Divifion of any Parifh divided under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, shall belong to and be recoverable by the Clerks and Sextons respectively of each of the Divifions respectively of the jPjarifh to which they shall be assigned, in like manner in every respect and after the fame Rate as they were before recoverable by the

Y y S	Clerk

633

Determination' as 4o Division of the Parish, or whether Such Buildings shaH be deemed Churches or Chapels when built, &c.

In divided Parishes,

Glebe, &c. may be apportioned without regard to local Situation.

Commissioners in dividing Parishes to apportion permanent Charges as well as Glebe, &c.

Clerks and Sextons of Divisions of Parish may recover their Fees, &c.

C. 134.

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1619.

€9*

Compensations to Clerks and *• Sextons.

Commissioners may fix Table of Fees, with Consent of Vesiry, &c.

Pees so fixed may be recovered.

New Churches to become distinct Benefices; but to be served, during existing Incumbency, by licensed Stipendiary Curates, and be deemed One Church.

Right of Patronage of Parishes divided to belong to the Patron of the original Church, and be exercised after existing Incumbency.

And the Churches subject to Laws in force.

Clerk and Sexton respectively of the qriginal Parifh; and it shall be lawful for the said Commimoners in every such Cafe to ascertain and make Compenfation, in manner directed by the said recited Aft in Cafes of Compenfation by reason of Lofs of Fees, for any Lofs of Fees, Dues, Profits and Emoluments which any Clerk or Sexton may sustain by reason of any such Divifion.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioner8 and they are hereby empowered to make and fix any Table of Fees for any Parifh, with the Confent of the Veftry or Seleft Veftry, or Perfons exercising the Powers of Veftry in such Parifh, and also to make and fix any such Table of Fees for any Extra parochial Place, or in or for any Diftrift Chapelry or Parochial Chapelry in which any Church or Chapel shall be built or appropriated under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, with the Confent nevertheless, in all such Cases, of the Bifhop of the Diocefe; and all Fees so fixed may be demanded, received, sued for, prosecuted and recovered, by the Spiritual Perfon or Clerk or. Sexton to whom the fame shall be assigned, in like manner and by such and the fame means as any ancient legal Fees of a like Nature may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all Churches which shall be built or acquired under the Provifions of the said Aft or this Aft, whether belonging to Parifhes completely divided or to Diftrift Parifhes, shall immediately after the Confecration thereof become and be deemed to be and be distinct Benefices and Churches for all Ecclefiaftical Purposes: Provided always, that during the Incumbency of the then existing Incumbent of the Pariui, except as hereinafter excepted, such Churches shall be served by Kcenfed Stipendiary Curates, appointed by the existing Incumbent, and subject to all the Laws in force relating to Stipendiary Curates, except as to the assigning Salaries to such Curates by the Bifhop of the Diocefe; and every such existing Incumbent shall, until hut Death or other Avoidance, continue to hold all the Churches of the several Divifions of his Parifh as if they were One Church, unless he shall voluntarily resign One or more of them; any Statute or Law against Plurality of Benefices, or any thing contained in the faid

other Aft or Afts of Parliament, to the contrary

always, and be it further enacted. That the Right of Prefentation and Appointment of the Spiritual Perfons to be the respective Incumbents of or to serve the Churches of the several Parifhes created by the complete Divifion of any Parifh under the Provifions of the laid recited Aft or this Aft, shall in every Cafe belong to the Patron of the Church of the original Parifh ; mid the Exercife of such Right of Prefentation or Appointment shall commence on the Death or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbent, except in any Cafe in which the Divifion of any Panfh shall have been made, or in which the Commifiioners shall have declared their Intention of dividing any Parifh, before or during any Avoidance, in which Cafes the Exercife of such Right of Prefentation or Appointment shall commence upon the (Jon fee ration of the Church or Churches respectively of any such Divifion ; and the several Churches erected in and for such Divifions respectively, shall immediately upon Confecration become Benefices, and subject to act the

Laws

recuea J\ct or any notwithftauding. XIII. Provided

A.D. ltfiA.

d3# GEO- III.

C. 134.

635

Laws in force concerning Pfiefen tat ions and Appointments to Benefices and Churches, and Lapse, and all other Laws, Provifions and Regulations relating to the holding of Benefices and Churches ; any thing in the said recited Aft or in this Aft to the contrary not-withllanding : Provided always, that the Spiritual Care and Super- Until Incura-intendence of every Parifh so divided during Avoidance, shall, until ^nts of Divi-lucumbents shall have been presented or appointed for the Divifions ®ons Present^d* thereof, continue in the Spiritual Perfon who shall be the Incumbent in^i^naT”*111 of the original Pariih j and such Spiritual Perfon shall receive all incumbent. Emoluments accruing and arifmg within the Pariih during such Superintendence.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhafl and may be lawful Chumhwar. for the Churchwardens of pny Pariih, with the Confent of the Veftry, dens, with Conor Perfons possessing the Powers of Veftry, and with the Confent of v**trT> of the Bifhop and Incumbent, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to borrow and raise upon the Credit of the Church Upon Credit of Rates, or of any Rates made under the said recited Ad or this Rates for Ad, of any such Pariih, such Sum or Sums of M6ney as shall Repair of

be necessary for defraying the Expence of repairing any Churches Churc^e*»

or Chapels; and they are hereby empowered and required, in any

Cafe in which such Money shall have been borrowed, to raise by

Rate a Sum fnfficient from time to time to pay the Intereft of

the Money so borrowed, and not less than Ten pet Cent. of the

Principal Sum borrowed, out of the Produce of such Rates, until

the whole of the Moliey so borrowed shall be repaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Bodies Politic, dll Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate &c; empowered or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Hulbands, Guardians, Truf-

tees, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors and Adminif- trom^oreatw trators, and all other Perfons and Trustees whomfoever', not only into Agree-for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and SuccefTors, but alio meats, Ac. and for and on behalf of Ceftuiqiie Trusts, whether Infants, I flue unborn, endow Chapels* Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all Femes Covert, Who are or shall be possessed of or entitled to or interested in their own Right, and for every other Perfons whomsoever who shall be pofleffea of or entitled to or interested in any Right of Patronage, or of Prefentation or Appointment to any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or of any Spiritual Perfon to any Church or Chapel, or the Performance oi any Ecclefiaftical Duties in any Church or Chapel, to surrender any such Right of Patronage, Prefentation or Appointment, Or enter into or make any Agreement relating thereto with the said Commiflioners, or the Bifhop of the Diocefe, for the purpose of regulating the fame, according to the Provifions of this Aft; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bodies or Perfons as aforesaid to endow, or agree to the Endowment of any Chapel heretofore built out of the Pew Rents thereof; any thing contained in any Aft or A&s of Parliament, or in any Deed or Deeds, or any Trufts relating thereto respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

* AVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Comnrissi«isri Ciommiffioners, in the fame manner and with the like Confents as are required in case of Divifion into Ecclefiaftical Didrifts under the ChapelTundar laid recited Aft or this Aft, to assign a particular Diftrift to any CareofiCurates Chapel of Eafe or Parochial Chapel .already existing, or to any subject to

Y y 4	Chapel	C°mroul of

r Iacumbents.

6"6

C.1S4.

59* GEO. ill

A.D. Wi9.

Commissioner with Consent of Bishop, may determine what Fees for Marriages, &c. shall be assigned.

No Chapelry to become a Benefice by Augmentation, of Curate's Maintenance.

All Acta of Parliament, &c. relating to publishing Banns of Marriage,&e. to apply to Churches and Chapels of Districts.

Apportionments of Glebe, &c. registered in Registry of Diocese, and not inrolled in Chancery.

Chapel built, or which may hereafter be built or acquired under the Powers of the said Aft or txiis Aft; and such Diftrift shall be under the immediate Care of the Curate appointed to serve such Chapel, but subject nevertheless to the Superintendence and Controul of the Incumbent of the Pariih Church; and all such Curates shall be nominated by the Incumbent of the Parifh to the Biihop for his Licence, except where the Right of Nomination shall already be legally yelled in any other Perfon or Perfons, and in every such Cafe by the Perfon or Perfons possessing such Right of Nomination subject to all the Laws in force relating to Stipendiary Curates, except as to the alfigning of Salaries to such Curates: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners, with theConfent of the Biihop of the Diocefe, to determine whether any and what Part or Proportion of the Fees or Dues for Marriages, Baptifms, Churchings and Burials, shall be alligned to any such Curate, and whether Banns of Marriage shall be publilhed, and Marriages or Baptifms, Churching# or Burials, shall be solemnised or performed in any such Chapel, or not; and in any Cafe in which Marriages shall be allowed in any such Chapel, the Commiflioners shall cause the Boundaries of the £)illrift afiigned to such Chapel to be enrolled in the High Court of Chaneery, and in the Office of the Regiflry of the Diocefe, any thing in the said recked Aft to the contrary notwithllanding ; and no such Chapelry shall become a Benefice by reason of any Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Curate, by any Grant or Bounty under the Provifion of any Aft or Afts of Parliament, or Law or Laws for augmenting Small Livings; any thing in such Aft or Afts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithllanding.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That all Afts of Parliament,

Laws and Cuftoms relating to publishing Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Chriftenings, Churchings and Burials, and the regifterinr thereof, and to all Ecclefiaftical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, shall apply to all Dillrifts and Consolidated or Diflrift Chapelries and Diviiions of any Parilhes or Extra parochial Places, whereof the Boundaries shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery under the Provifions of the said recited Aft and this Aft; and in the Churches and Chapels whereof Banns of Marriage shall be allowed to be publilhed, and Marriages, Chrillenings, Churchings and Burials, or any of them, shall be allowed to be solemnised, and to the Churches and Chapels thereof, and to the Ecclefiaftical Perfons having Cure of Souls therein, or serving the fame, in like manner in every respect as if the fame respectively kad been ancient, separate and distinct Parilhes and Pariih Churches by Law, to all Intents and Purpofes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apportionment of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes and other Endowments and Emoluments, and of any Fees, Oblations, Offerings, or other Ecclefiaftical Dues or Profits, and also of all permanent and other Charges made under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, and also the Defcription of Boundaries alligned to Chapels under this Aft, in which no Marriages shall be allowed to be solemnised, and all Tables of Fees made under the Provifions of this Aft, shall be regiilered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe to which the Pariih, in relation to which any such Apportionment shall be made, shall be or

AJX 1819..

59* GEO. III.

C.134,

697)

be locally situate, and not enrolled in the Court of Chancery j any. thing in the said recited A61 to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Chapel built or acquired under.the Proviiions of the said recited Aft, which shall be situate in any Diftrift Parilh made a Parifh for Ecclefiaftical Pur-pofes under the Proviiions of the said recited Aft, and which shall not be or be made the Church of such Didrift, shall be or be deemed to be a perpetual Curacy, or considered in Law as a Benefice Prefentative under the Proviiions of the said recited Aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majesty *s Woods, ForefU and Land Revenues, by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or the Commifiioners of Hi6 Maiefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or any Three or more of them, in Writing, or for His Majesty, by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancqfier for the time being, or for the Duke of Cornwall\ by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall for the time being, or for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to give and grant any Stone, Slate or Timber, or other Materials relpeftively, from any Quarries, Forefts or Waftes belonging to His Majesty or the Duke of Cornwall, gr any such Body relpeftively, for or towards the building of any Churches or Cnapels under the Proviiions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, and any House or Appurtenances and Garden for the Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon who may serve the Church or Chapel; any thing in any Statute or Aft of Parliament or Law or Charter to the contrary notwithftanding

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Excife of England* Ireland and Scot-land respectively, and with the Confent and under the Authority in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or for any Three or more of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being respectively, to remit all or any Proportion of the Duties of Cuffom or Excife respectively, or to order the fame to be drawn back or repaid, for, upon or in respect of any Stone, Slate, Bricks, Timber or other Materials, which shall be bond fide procured for and used in the building of any Churches or Chapels under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or this Aft; and such Duties shall in every such Cafe be remitted, drawn back, or repaid, as the case may be, under such Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, and in such manner as ihall be ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in that behalf; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, in any Cafe or Cafes in which they shall deem it expedient, from the Amount or Defcription of the Population of any Parilh, Town-strip, Hamlet, Vill, Chapelry or other Divifion of any Parilh, and the .Amount of the Rates paid therein, or any other good and sufficient Cause, to grant Money for or toward the Purchafe of Sites, or to

treat

No Chapels built under 58 G. c. 45. deemed perpetual Curacies, ’ &c.

Commissioner* of Woods and Forests, &c. with Consent of Treasury, may grant Materials for building Churches and Chapels.

Commissioners of Customs, &e. with Consent of Treasury, may remit Duties of Customs or Ex~ rise on Materials used for building of Churches.

Commissioners may grant Money for providing Sites, without requiring Repayment or Security, as required under recited Act:

A.D. 1319.

'and may purchase or grant Money for purchasing, &c. Cemeteries, &c.

Church or Chapelwardens empowered to lery Rates.

Not deemed Overseen of the Poor.

58 G.3- c.45. § 60.

repealed.

No Application to build or enlarge Church, &c. made, if One third of Proprietors of Messuages, &c. in Value dissent.

Manner of signifying such Dissents.

C. 134.

59° GEO. 111.

treat by themselves or their Agents for the Purchafe of Sites for the building of Churches or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries, and without requiring or demanding Repayment or Security for the Repayment of the Money so granted or expended in the Purchafe of such Sites or Cemeteries, from the Parilhes or Divifions of PariflieB for which such Sites shall be so provided 5 and it shall also be lawful for the *iaid Commillioners to purchase or grant Money for the purchafmg of Cemeteries not within the Bounds of the Parifh for which the fame shall be provided, or for enlarging Cemeteries or providing additional Cemeteries within such Parim reipeftively ; all which Cemeteries, if not within the Bounds of such Parifh, shall, after Confecration, be deemed Part of the Parifh for the Ufe of which they shall have been purchased or provided ; any thing in the said recited Aft, or in any Aft or Afts of Parliament or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Churchwarden or Chapelwarden of any Parifh or Divifion of any Parifh, or of any Confolidated or Diftrift Chapelry, in which any Rates shall be made under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, to demand, receive, sue for, levy and recover all such Rates, by all such Ways and Means as any Church Rates may be demanded, sued for, levied and recovered, as fully and effectually as if all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the demanding, ftiing for, levying and recovering of any Church Rates, or for any Refufal to pay any like Rates, were specially enacted for that rurpofe in the said recited Aft and this Aft: rrovided always, that any Churchwardens or Chapelwardens appointed under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, (hail not in virtue of such Office be deemed Overseers of the Poor.

9 XXIV. And Whereas it is by the said recited Aft enacted, 9 that no Application and Offer to build or to enlarge any Church ‘ or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, shall he 9 made, unless Two third Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Mef-

*	fuages, Lands and Tenements within the Pari(h*(hafl have confented

*	thereto in Writing; and it is expedient that such Provifion fhould

*	be repealed, and other Provifions made in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Aft as requires the Confent of such Proportion of Proprietors of Lands, in manner directed by the said Aft, shall be and the fame i9 hereby repealed ; and that from and after the passing of this Aft, no Application and Offer to build or enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, shall be made, fnor shall any Church or Chapel Be built or rebuilt or enlarged, or any Purchafe made of arty new or additional Burial Ground, by means [of any Rates upon any ’Parifh^in any Cafe in which One third Part or more in Value, such Value" to Fe ascertained by an Average of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor for the preceding Three Years, of the Proprietors of Mef-fuages, Lands and Tenements within such Pari(h, whether for ERates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leafes for Terms of Years absolute, whereof not less than Fifteen Years shall be unexpired, or determinable upon a Life or Lives^ shall diffimt therefrom ; such Diffent to be entered in the Book containing the Proceedings of the Veftry, and to be signified, in case of any future Veftry, within Two Months after any Refolution for the purposes aforesaid, of

10	fuch

A.D.1819.

GEO. IH.

C.134.

fach Veftry or Select Veftry as aforesaid ; and in case of any Veftry already holden, at which such Refolution shall have been palled within Two Months from the palling of this Aft, under the Hands of such Proprietors and Perfons interested as aforesaid; and in case of Corporations Aggregate, under the Hand of the Prelident, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being ; and in case of Femes Covert, Minors, insane Perfons and Perfons absent from the Kingdom, under the Hands of their respective Hu (bands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Attornies or Agents, who are hereby refpec-tively authorised to sign such DifTents; and in Cafes of Trustees of Charitable Inftitutions, under the Hands of the major Part of the Trustees, or of any such Body of any such Trustees as may under their respective Trufts be authorised to aft in the Execution of the Trufts.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parilh, who shall be assembled and present at any Veftry, or the major Part of the Inhabitants so assembled and present at any such Veftry, of which Notice shall have been given upon'Two successive Sundays preceding the Meeting of such Veftry, or for Two third Parts of such of the Perfons exer-cifing the rowers of Veftry in such Parilh as shall be assembled at any Meeting, of which due Notice shall have been given according to the Mode of riving Notices for the assembling of such Perfons, to order and direct the making and railing of any Rate, not exceeding the Amount of One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year, or the Amount of Five Shillings in the Pound in the whole, upon the Annual Value of the Property in the Parilh, for the pnrpofe of building or enlarging any Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, without any further or other or any greater Number of Confents of any Innabitants or Proprietors, or Occupiers or other Perfons ; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding: Pfovided always, that no greater or larger Rate than aforesaid shall be ordered or directed to be made or raised, in relation to any Application or Offer to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or m part, by means of Kates, if any such Proportion of Diflents as are in this Aft specified are fignined in Writing in manner directed by this Aft ; and every such Order and Direftion so made as aforesaid, under the Provilions of this Aft, shall be imperative upon the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parilh in which such Order shall be made, who shall forthwith make and raise, and levy and collcft the Rate so ordered, for the pur pole of the said recitea Aft and this Aft, any thing in the said recited Aft or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwit hftanding ; and every such Rate shall be made, raised, levied, collested, received and accounted for in like manner, and with all such Powers, Authorities, Provifoes and Regulations, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in Law applicable to the making, raising, levying and collecting any Church Rate in any Parilh.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it lhafl be lawful for the Commilfioners, in any Cafe in which they shall deem it expedient, from time to time to order and direct that tne Rents of the rews in any Church or Chapel built, acquired or appropriated under the Provilions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, mall be assigned to

the

<99

Rate not exceeding is. in the Pound in any one Year, or 5a in the whole, may be raised for build* ing or enlarging a ChurcKor Chapel, without such Proportion of Consorts of Proprietors,

&c. as is required by recited Act.

Proviso ae to dissent in case ofa larger Rate.

Order to raise Kate imperative.

Commissioners may assign Pew Rents to Parish, and order a fixed Stipend to Minister,

C. 134.

59 GEO. IIL,

A.D. 18ia

Proviso m to Parish being answerable for more than Amount of Pew Rents.

Application of Part of Surplus.

Surplus of Pew Rents, after such Application, how to be disposed of.

Alignment of Stipend registered.

Appointment of Clerk.

A ppointtnent by Commissioners of Select

the Parifh or District, and received by the Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens in such Parifh or District, who shall thereupon be required to pay the Stipend which from time to time may be assigned or fixed under the Provifions of this Aft to the Miniiler or Clerk : Provided always, that the Pariih shall not in any such Cafe be answerable to such Miniiler or Clerk for any greater Sum in each Year than the Amount of the Rent of the Pews which shall have been actually let during the preceding Year in any such Church or Chapel; and any Surplus of rew Rents, remaining after Payment of such Stipend and other Expences, shall, except in any of the Cafes next hereinafter mentioned, be invested in Government Securities, in the Name of Truilees to be appointed by the Biftiop of the Diocefe,and suffered to accumulate for the purpose of forming a Fund for the building or purchasing of a House, with the Confent and Approbation of the Bimop, for tne Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon serving the Church or Chapel; and after the Completion of such purpose, then to the Augmentation of the Stipend of such Spiritual Perfon, or to the Reduction of the Pew Rents, or the Increafe of the Accommodation in any such Church or Chapel, in such manner as shall be directed by tne Bi(hop of the Diocefe for the time being.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Surplus of such Pew Rents remaining, after Payment of such Stipend and other Expences, shall, in any Cafe in which the Commissioners shall think it expedient, be charged and chargeable with and applied towards the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money which may be borrowed or advanced by way of Loan, at Interect, or by way of Annuity or other wife, tor or towards the building any such Church or Chapel, or for the purchasing any Site or Sites for the fame, and defraying all Expences relative tnereto, and in keeping such Church or Chapel in repair; and the Refidue of such rew Rents, if any, shall be paid and applied in manner hereinbefore dirested, or in aid of the Church Rate to be raised in such Pari(h, if the Commissioners shall so think fit; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, with the Confent of the Commissioners, to borrow and take up at Interect, or by way of Annuity or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the building such Church or Chapel, or purchasing such Site or Sites, or defraying the Expences relative thereto, upon the Credit of such Pew Rents, and by Writing under their Hands to charge such Pew Rents, subject to such Stipend and Expence as aforesaid, with the Payment to any Perfon or Perfons of any such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, or with any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, in such manner as such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall from time to time think fit.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Alignment of any Stipend to any Miniiler or Clerk, under the Provifion of the said recited Aft and this Aft, shall be registered in the RegiRry of the Diocefe to which the Pari(h shall belong.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerk in every Church and Chapel erested, built or acquired, or appropriated under the Provifions of the said recited Aft or this Aft, (nail be annually appointed by the Minifter of the Church or Chapel.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That in every District, Parifh, or Divifion of any Pari(h or District, Chapelry or Consolidated

Chapeby,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 134.

701

Chapelry, in which any Church or Chapel shall be built, acquired Vestry fur Ma-or appropriated under the Provifions of the said recited A A or this AA, in which there shall not be a diftinA Veftry belonging ew to such DiftriA or Division, a SeleA Veftry, confiding of so many Perfons as shall be direAed by the Commiflioners in that behalf, shall be appointed by the Commiflioners, with the Advice of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, out of the substantial Inhabitants of the DiftriA or Division, or DiftriA Chapelry or Confolidated Chapelry, for the Care and Management of the Concerns of the Church or Chapel, and all Matters and Things relating thereto ; and such SeleA Veftry Such Vestry to shall annually eleA or appoint the Churchwarden or Chapel warden appoint Church . to be named on the part of the Parifti or Chapelry, and shall eleA or Chapel-new Members of such Veftry as Vacancies may arise by Death, wtrdeiw-Refignation or ceasing to inhabit the Parifh ; and proper Pews shall be assigned and provided in every such Church and Chapel for the Ufe of the Church or Chapel wardens thereof

4 XXXI. And Whereas Circumftances may arise in which it may ‘ become expedient and necessary to alter the Rents at which Pews

*	may be let, in any Churches or Chapels built or provided under

*	the Provifions of the said recited AA and this AA Be it therefore

-further enaAed, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Church and Chapelwardens of any such Church or Chapel, and they are hereby Chapel wardens -required, when ordered and direAed so to do by the Bi(hop of the *,ter Diocefe, with the Cdnfent of the Patron and Incumbent, and in any Cafe in which the Pew Rents shall have been assigned to the Pari(h, Consent of then with the Confent of the Veftry of the Paristi, to make such Patron, &*. Alteration in any such Pew Rents as shall be direAed or approved of, with such Confent as aforesaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enaAed, That it shall not be lawful Pews to be let -for the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of any additional Church to Parishioner# or Chapel, to let or fell any Pews and Seats, except to Pariftiioners,

during the time such Pariftiioners shall continue to be Inhabitants ^on . Rents

of (he Paristi; and every Sale of any Pew or Seat shall be fubjeA payable in ad-

to such referred Rent a9 shall have been fixed under the Provifions vance.

of the said recited AA or this AA, and shall be by Private ContraA,

and not by Public AuAion ; and all Pew Rents under the faid

recited AA and this AA shall be payable in advance ; (that is to

fay), One Year's Rent shall be paid on the Admifiion to tne Pew or

Seat, if such Admiflion shall be given at Lady Day or Michaelmas,

or if at any intermediate Period, then the Proportion of the Half

Year to Lady Day or Michaelmas, as the Cafe may be, and a Half

Year's Rent over and above such Proportion ; and thereafter Half

Yearly Payments shall be made in advance, commencing on the Lady

Day or Michaelmas immediately following the taking of such Pew ;

and every such Pew and Seat shall be forfeited and become vacant How Pew

by the Difcontinuance of any such Payment in advance for Two foU forfeited.

lowing Half Years ; any thing in the (aid recited AA to the contrary

not withstanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaAed, That it shall be lawful for How far Com-

the Commiflioners to discharge any Subfcribers towards building nussionew may -an ^ Church or Chapel, wholly or in any part, from the Payment	Sub"

of Pew Rents in the said Church or Chapel, for a limited time or

for Life, in such Proportion to the Amount of their refpeAive Sub- pew Rent*, ic, /crip tions as the Commiflioners shall fee fit; and to allow any fuch

Subforiber,

a i34.

59* GEO. IH.

A.D. *81».

Unconsecrated Lands, Ac, acquired by Commissioners, to rest in the Crown, and applied as herein mentioned.

Commissioners of Stamps may allow Stamp Duties on Contracts, &c. relating to building Churches.

Parishes, Sec. to furnish Lands when required by Commissioners, for Burial Grounds.

Notice by Commissioners.

PtorfsoVherf Psmshes, fra. ssisUetopie-▼iduswb Land.

Subfcriber, If he shall remove from the Parifli, to assign the Remainder of such Term to any other Parifhioner inhabiting the Parilh.

XXXIV.	And he it further enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall have been acquired by the Conw miffioners under the said recited Aft and this Aft, whether by Gift or otherwise, shall happen to remain unconsecrated at the End of the Term of Ten Years therein mentioned, or at any other Determination of any Commiffion granted by His Majesty under the said recited Aft or this Aft, such unconsecrated Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be immediately veiled in His Majedy, His Heirs and Succeffors, to be applied to the Ufes, Intents and Purpofes for which they were acquired, under the Direftion of His Majedy in Counci); unless or until any other Provifton respecting the fame shall be made by Authority of Parliament.

XXXV.	And be it furtner enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parch* ment or Paper, to allow the full Amount of the Stamp Duties upon any Deeds, Bonds, Contrxfts, Agreements or Indruments made in relation to the purchafmg or procuring of any Sites, or building any Churches, or purchasing or providing any Materials for any fuen Buildings, under and subject to such Rules, Regulations and Re-driftions as shall be made in that behalf by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commiflioners of His MajeAy’s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, for the time being; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithHanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all such Pari(hea and Extra parochial Places as shall be required by the Commiflioners for executing the said recited Aft and this Aft, shall furnish Lands for enlarging such exiding Churchyards or Burial Grounds, or for making such additional Churchyards or Burial Grounds, as the CoiO-miflioners may deem necessary to be enlarged or fet out under the Providons of this Aft ; and that as soon as the Commiflioners shall have fixed upon any Pari(h or Extra parochial Place, as being one in which it is necessary that the Churcnyard or Burial Ground should be enlarged, or that a new Burial Ground should be made under the Provifions of this Aft, they shall give Notice to the Churchwardens thereof, by causing such Notice to be left at their respective Places of Abode, of their Intention to enlarge such Churchyard or Burial Ground, or to fet out a new Burial Ground, and of the Extent of Ground which will be required for any such purpose, aad for making a proper Accefs and Approach thereto, and of the Part of the Pari(h or Extra parochial Place within which the fame is required to be provided; and the said Churchwardens shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days, call a Meeting of the Veftry of the Parifli or Extra parochial Place, or the Perfons pofefling under any Aft or Afts of Parliament the Powers of Vedry of the Parifli or Extra parochical Place, for the purpose of taking all such Meafures as may be necessary for providing such additional Churchyard or Burial Ground ana Approach thereto as aforesaid ; and in case such Parifli or Extra parochial Place shall not be able to provide the fame vfrithout Pur chase, then thp Vedry, or the Perfons pofieifiag as aforefiud the Powers of Vedry, shall and are hereby required forthwith to proceed to treat for a Piece of Ground and Approach

thereto.

AD. 1819.	59° GEO. III.	jG.134.

thereto, according to such Notice, but shall not coodude any Bargain for the fame without the Approbation of the Commilfioners.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provifions of the laid recited A& or of this A61, which authorise or relate to the Grant, Sale, Conveyance, Purchafe and Refale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from or in the Name of or on behalf of His Majesty, or from any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Hufbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors and Adminiftrators, Ceftuique Trulls, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or any other Perfon or Perfons Whomsoever, to or by the said Commimoners, for the purpose of building any additional Churches or Chapels, or the issuing, advancing, levying or railing, or borrowing or taking up at Interest, of any Money for any such purpose, ihall be and are hereby declared to be extended to and be applicable in all refpefb, mutatis mutandis, for the Grant, Sale, Conveyance, Purchafe or Refale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which may be necessary for enlarging any Churchyard or Burial Ground, or for making any new Burial Ground and Approaches thereto, under the Provifions of this A6fc, and for the issuing, advancing, levying and railing, or borrowing and taking up at Interest, of any Money which may be required for any of those purposes, and for repaying the fame by Inftalments or otherwise, in like manner as if all inch Powers and Provifions had been fully repeated and re-ena&ed in this A6t.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena6ted, That any Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground which ihall, under the Provifions of this A6fc, be added to any exiting Churchyard or Burial Ground, or be appropriated and let apart as and for a new Burial Ground, shall be, as loan as conveniently may be, consecrated for the Burial of the Dead, according to the Ufage of the United Church of England and Ireland, and shall for ever thereafter be used as and for an additional Burial Ground ; and the Freehold of the Land which shall be so consecrated shall from and after the Confecration thereof vefl in the Perfon or Perfons m whom the Freehold of the ancient Churchyard or Burial Ground of any such Parifh or Chapelry where the fame may be Jltuated shall from time to time be veiled.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the (aid Commissioners, if they should think fit, to alter, repair, pull down and rebuild, or order or dire£l to be altered, repaired, pulled down and rebuilt, the Walls or Fences of any exiting Churchyard on Burial Ground of any Parifh or Chapelry, and to fence off with Walls or otherwise, any additional or new Burial Ground, to be

. let out or provided by virtue of this A61; and also to flop up and • dtfcon&inue, or alter or vary, or order to be flopped up and difcon-thaued, or altered or varied, any Entrance or Gate leading into any Churchyard ox Burial Ground, and the Paths, Footways and Passages into, through or over the fame, as to them may appear useless - mad unnecessary, or as they shall think fit to alter or vary ; provided that the fame be done with the Confent of any Two Justices of the JPeace of the County, City, Town or Place, where any such Entrance, Gate, Path or Paimge fhaH be flopped up or altered; and on Notice feeing sri/ven is the burner and Form preferibed by an A& pafied in tfe Fifty fifth Year of the .Reign of H» present Majesty, intituled

An

70S

Powers of 58 G.3. c. 45. as to purchasing Lands for. building Churches, extended to Lands for additional Churchyards, &c.

Additional Burial Grounds to be eons#-erated.

Commissioners may alter, &o, Walls and Fences of Churchyards, and vary, See. Footpaths, &«.

55 C/. 3* c. 68

Rates may be laid on any Parisli for re-Imilding or enlarging the Church.

Money w*y be borrowed upon Rates &c.

‘No Church taken down, &c. if Dissent signified as herein mentioned.

Proviso for free and open Sittings, and for 'Situation and Dimensions of New Pews, and for Tomb Atones, Sec,

C. 164.	,59°	GEO. HL	A.D.	181?.

An Aa to amend an Aa of the Thirteenth Tear of His present Mayefiy, for the Amendment and Prefervation of the Public Highways, in so far as the fame relates to Notice of Appeal againfi turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provi/ions of the fame Ad to the flopping up of unnecessary Roads.

XL. And be it further enacted. That when any Parifh shall be defirou8 of extending and increaftng the Accommodation in the Parifh Church, and it shall be found necessary or expedient to that end to take down the existing Church and to rebuild the fame on the fame Site, or on a more convenient Site, it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any such Parifh, with the Confent of the Veftry, or Perfons poffefiing the Powers of Veftry, and with the Confent also of the Ordinary, Patron, Incumbent and Lay Impropriator, if any such there be, to take down such existing Church, and to rebuild the fame upon the fame or upon a new Site; and the laid Churchwardens are hereby authorised and empowered to borrow and raise, upon the Credit of the Church Rates, or any Rates made under the laid recited A& or this A61, of any such Parifh, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence or any Part of the Expence of the taking down and rebuilding such Church, and to make Rates for the Payment of the Intereft of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed and railed, and for providing a Fund, of not (efs than the Amount of the Intereft of the Sum advaneed, for the Repayment of the Principal thereof, or for repaying such Principal in such manner, and at such times, and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Perfons advancing any such Money : Provided always, that no Church shall be so taken down and rebuilt, by means of any Rates upon any Pari(h, if such Proportion of Diffents as are in this A61 specified in relation to any Application to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, are fignifted in Writing in manner directed by this A& ; and such Church, when consecrated, shall be to all Intents and Purpofesthe Pariih Church of such ParHh, for the Celebration of Divine Offices, and the Solemnization of Marriages, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of Englasul: Provided always, that One Half of the additional Accommodation, which shall be obtained by the rebuilding such Church, shall be fet apart for free and open Sittings; and provided also, that all Perfons enjoying any Pews or Sittings within such Church, so to be taken down in virtue of any Faculty or Prescription, shall have a Pew or Pews, Sitting or Sittings, as near as may be in the fame Situation, and of like Dimenfions, allotted and fet apart for them in such new Church ; and that all Tomb Stones, Monuments ■and Monumental Infcriptions, in such Church so to be taken down, shall be carefully preserved by the Churchwardens, and when the (aid Church shall be rebuilt, on the fame or a more convenient Site, the said Tomb Stones, Monuments and Monumental Inicriptions shall be fet up by the said Churchwardens, at the Charge of the Parifh, in such New Church, as near as Circumftances will admit, in the Situations from whence they were removed in the said Church so to be taken down.

‘ XL I. And Whereas particular and special Circumftances may ■ 4 in certain Cafes render it necessary, for the more effectual carrying 4 into Execution the beneficial purposes of this A£t, in certain Pa-

♦ rdbes,

A.DU0J*.

60° GEO. IIL

C. 13*, 135.

705

*	riHlet, Divifioas of Parilhes, or £xtra parochial Places, tint par*

*	tlcular Afts of Parliament should be patted for such Pariutes,

*	Dmfions and Places Be it therefore enacted, That it fllall be lawful for the (aid Commifikmers, in any such Cafe in which they-fhall deem it proper, to pay or advance Money for the Payment of any Fees which may become due and be payable in either House of Parliament in respect of the palfing of any such Aft Or Afts of Parliament; and that such Fees may be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Commissioners, arising out of airy Exchequer Bills under the Proviiions of this Aft; and that such Afts shall in all other respects be considered as Public Afts.

Commissioner* may discharge the PaHUwMHiS-ary Fees of obtaining certain Acts.

Such Acts to be deemed Public Acts.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Aft to repeal Two Afts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Tears of the Reign of His pfefent Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; to provide more effectually for that Purpose; and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland. [13th July 1819.]

*	TT7 HERE AS certain Roads and Bridges, for the purpose of

*	VV Military Communication, have been taade in the Highlands

*	of Scotland, at the public Expence; which Roads and Bridges

‘ are no longer necessary for such Military Communication, but hr #

*	other purposes fqme of them ought never thelefs to be maintained

< in repair: And Whereas an Aft was palled in the Forty third 43 G. 3. p-8o.

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for 4 granting to His Majesty the Sam of Twenty tkoufand Pounds > to he 4 iffised and off lied towards‘ making Roads and building Bridges in 4 the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling ike Proprietors cf Land 4 in Scotland to charge their Eftates with a Proportion of the Expense 4 of making Md keeping in Repair Reads and Bridges in the Highlands

*	sf Scotland: And Whereas, in addition to the said Sum of Twenty

*	tkoufand Pounds, the further Sum of Two hundred and twenty 4 thousand Pounds has at sundry times been-ftnee granted, in further 4 Execution of the said Aft ; by menus of which many useful Roads 4 and Bridges have been made and completed, under several Con-

*	trafta and Agreements entered into according to the Provifkww atrd

*	Regulations of the said Aft : And Wheats another Aft was

*	pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 54 G. 3. e.104.

*	Majefty, intituled An ASt for maintaining ana keeping ia Repair 4 certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the purpose of Mih-■4 tstry Communication, and for making more tffedtud Provtfen for 4 maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges bwh in Scot-

4 land, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for High-	*

4 land Ronds and Bridges i And Whereas another Aft was palled 4 in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to 55 G.3. c. nr. 4 amend and explain the said kft recited Aft, which Two Afts

*	require to be amended; and it is expedient that the Provifiona

*	thereof Oiould be consolidated in one Aft May it therefore plearfe Youf Majesty that it may be euacted; and be k enacted by The &ing*i Moft s Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lards Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That

«	59	Geo.	III.	Z	z	from

C. 135.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

repealed.

Appointmentof Commissioners for this Act, and 43 G. 3. c. Bo.

Commissioners

may appoint

Officers;

and pay Compensation for Service, &c.

What Proportion of the £zpence of repairing Roads and Bridges herein mentioned to be

c, and what by the respective Counties.

Proviso respecting Bridges

43 G.3. c. 8a. and accidentally destroyed.

from and after the passing of this A&, the {aid Two recited'Ads, paired in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and this AA shall be in force and be executed in lieu thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of the A61 passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for tne purposes of .this A A, together with the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland, and the First Commiffioner of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues in England, who are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this AA, and alio the before mentioned A A, into execution 5 any Three of which Commissioners shall constitute a Quorum, of which One of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of his Office shall always be One j. and at all Meetings of the Commissioners, which Meetings shall be held in London ar Wcjlminjlcr, the Chairman shall have the casting Vote in case of an Equality of Votes.

‘ III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Maintenance and

*	Repair of the before mentioned Military Roads and Bridges, and

*	alfo qf the Roads and Bridges made under the Authority of the 4 Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges,

4 should be placed under the Dire6tion and Management of the Com-4 miffioners hereby appointed ;* Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this AA, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to appoint and employ an Infpe6tor of such Roads and Bridges in Scotland as have been made wholly or in part at the public Expence, and such other Superintendents or Overleers of Roads and other Officers as they shall lee fit; and to pay and allow to each and every of them such Sum of Sums of Money annually or other wife as the said Commissioners shall think proper, in Com-penfation of their Services, or in Remuneration of any Expences\ incurred by them, or any of them, in Execution of this AA•

IV. And be it enacted, That the Military Roads and Bridges, and also the Roads and Bridges made and completed pursuant to the said recited A&, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also that Part of the Great North Road extending from the Confines of Invemqfsjbire to the Town of DmgwaS, and also a Road turning off from the Great North Road at the Novar Deer Park',* and extending to the Town of Tain, shall be maintained and kept in Repair as follows ; that is to fay, a certain Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence necessary to maintain and keep in Repair such Roads and Bridges (exdufive of the Allowances to the Infpe&or and other Officers appointed by the Commissioners, which Allowances shall be wholly defrayed at the Expence of the Public) shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies imprefted into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as hereinafter directed; and the Remainder of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair such Roads and Bridges, shall be paid and defrayed by the County or Counties in which the fame shall be situated, in the manner hereinafter directed: Provided always, that no Bridge erected pur-fuant to the said recited A&, and accidentally destroyed, (halt be again erected or rebuilt by virtue of this A&, unless the fame shall have been included in the Contra& entered into for making the Road 17*	of

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 135.

707.

i;

of which such Bridge forma a Fart; or unless the fame shall be again eroded or rebuilt with the Confent of the said CommiiTioners, and also of the Heritors of the County or Counties in which such Bridge may be situated ; such Confent to be given at some Annual Meeting for the Affeffinent of the Land Tax, or at some Michaelmas Head Court, or at some special Adjournment of such Meeting, or Head Court.

V.	And be it further enacted, That where any Bridge dire died to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Ad shall be situated partly in one County and partly in another^ every such Bridge shall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Ad, at the joint Expence of such Counties, and the Affeff-naeut hereinafter directed to be made shall be imposed accordingly ; unless any such Bridge shall have been built at the Expence of the Public, and of one of such Counties exclusively, in which Cafe that County only shall be chargeable and charged with a Proportion of the Expence of maintaining such Bridge in Repair according to the Provifions of this Ad.

VI.	And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall annually, or oftener if need be, direct Eftimates to be prepared of the Expence requisite for the Repair of the Roads and Bridge? placed under their Dircdion and Management by virtue of this Ad, and they are hereby authorised to employ proper Perfons (under Contra d orotherw-fe) for the Repair of the fame; the Expence arising in consequence of so doing, to be defrayed in the tirft Instance, and by way of Advance, whoDy out of the Monies to be i mprefted into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer..

VII.	And be it enacted, That no Road or Portion of Road made for the purpose of Military Communication in. Scotland, shall be -maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Ad, nor shall the Road from the Novar Deer Park to Tain be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Aft, unless the Heritors of the County in which any such Road or Portion of Road is situated, at some Annual Meeting for the Affeffment of the Land Tax, or at some Michaelmas Head Court, or at some special Adjournment of such Meeting or Head Court, shall have already made Application to that Effect to the Commissioners appointed by and under the hereinbefore recited Ads, or shall hereafter make such Applica-

. tion to the Commissioners appointed by and under this Ad, at the fame time undertaking to conform to the Provifions of the fame, which Undertaking shall be obligatory upon the Heritors of such County; whereupon the said Commissioners shall determine whether it is expedient and proper to consent to such Application, and such their Confent (if obtained), together with the previous Application <and Undertaking, shall be notified by the Convener of the County, in the Newfpapers usually circulated in the Highlands of Scotland!; after which the Road or Portion of Road respecting which such Application shall have been made shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Ad : Provided nevertheless, that if any Perfon or Perfons. whatsoever, jointly or severally, shall make * Application to the Commissioners, ilating that such Perfon or .Perrons are willing to give and will find Security to the Satisfadion of ih* Commissioners, to pay Three fourth Parts of the Expence necef-fary for the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Portion of Road made for the.purpose of Military Communication (or of the

2 z 2	Road

Regulations for Repiir of Bridge situated in Two Counties.

Commissioners to'advance Money for immediate Repair of Roads and Bridge*^

Regulations and Conditions ' •n which Military Roads and the Road from Novar Deer Parfc to Tain, may be plated, under the Provisions of this Act.

I

J5fc6 GEO.-III.

708

C. 136.'

A.D. l8l$

A Sum of Money to be advanced annually by Barons of Exchequer for purposes of this Act.

Security by Fenon who receives the

Commissioners of Supply to assess for purposes of this Act;

in whet manner in Tnvernesa-thire'

46 6. a* e. 6j.

Road hereinbefore mentioned, extending from the tfovar Deer Park to Tain)<> and to conform to the Provisions of this Aft, as far as the fame shall be applicable to the Circumftances of the Cafe, it shall and may be lawful tor the Commissioners thereupon to determine, whether it is expedient or proper to consent to such Application; and if the said Commissioners shall consent to fetch Application, and fuck Security shall be found to their Satisfaction, such Road or Portion of Road shall be maintained aid kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Aft accordingly.

VIII. And in order to enable the Commissioners to defray a Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges which are directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Aft ; be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scdtland, and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the Commissioners appointed by this Aft, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General and Paymafter of Scotland) for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands of any Sum or Sums of Money specified therein, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,* to any Perfon duly author rifed by the Commissioners to receive the fame, for the purposes of this Aft ; and a like Sum of Fite thousand Pounds in every fubfe-quent Year, to be accounted for by him in such manner as the said Barons shall from time to time think fit to order and direct 5 such Perfon also giving good and sufficient Security to the Satiafaftiou of the said Barons for such Monies, and for any other Money which may come into his Hands in consequence of this Aft.

IX. And in order to raise the other Proportion, being Three Fourths bf the Money so expended, be it enacted, That Afleffinent* shall be made by the Commissioners of Supply in the manner herein dirested; that is to fay, the Convener of every County Meeting, at the Annual Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply which ftaH take place for the Afleffinent of the Land Tax in the Spring of every Year, shall lay before the Commissioners of Supply a Copy of this Aft, together with an Account of the Expenditure incurred by Teafon of this Aft, and ohargeable to such County, for One Year, up to the First Day of January preceding such Meeting, such Account to be certified upon Oath and transmitted to the Convener by the Infpeftor of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, or by the Agent of the Commissioners, at lead Thirty Days previous to the Twenty ninth Day of April in each Year ; and the Commissioners of Supply far the County of Invemefs shall thereupon make an Afleffinent upota each and every Proprietor, Life Renter, or proper Wadfetter of Land, enjoying the Dominium utile thereof (according to the Amount of their respective Rents and Profits, as afiefled to the Property Tax in the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, under Schedule A. of an A ft palled in the Forty sixth Year of His present Maiedy, intituled An AS forgranting to Hit Majesty during the present IVaT) and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, forth* additional Rate.s and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties am Profits arising from Property Profcffions, Trades and Offices, and for rr> peaftng an AS passed in the Forty fifth Year of Hit present May^ty for

59° GEO. IIL

709

A.D. 1819.

C. 135.

repeating certain Parti of an AS made in tie Forty third Tear of His prifent Majesty, fir granting a Contribution on tie Profits arifingfrom Property, Profiffions, Trades and Offices, and to confJudate and render 'more efiSuai the Provifions fir cotieOing tie find Duties) ; for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf of the Heritors of such County, for the purposes of this A&, which Sum shall be paid over to the Commissioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, from time to time, as the fame may have been collected and levied by the Colle&or, in Payment of Three	x

Fourths of the Expence of the Repair of the Roads and Bridges of the Had County during the preceding Year ; and the Commissioners in what manner of Supply for the other Counties, wherein are iituate any of the elsewhere, before mentioned Roads or Bridges, shall order and direct such Sum iff Money as Audi in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf if the Heritors of the respective Counties, to be railed and levied and paid in the fame manner as during the last Two Years j and in case any other County shall be or (luul hereafter become liable to xepay any Sum of Money so advaneed, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of such County, at any Meeting which Audi be held in any such County for this special purpose, to order and direct the way and manner in which such Afleflment shall and nay be made and levied in such County, in each and every Year thereafter, either Separately or along with any other Afleflment in such County; and a Copy of the Order thereupon to be made, signed by the Prefes of fucn Meeting, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Commiflioners of Supply of such County, and the fame shall be laid by the Clerk of Supply before the First Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply which shall be held thereafter : and from and after the Receipt of such Order, the Commissioners of Supply of such County are hereby directed to proceed accordingly.

X.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That unless and until Until other such Order shall have been made and transmitted as herein directed. Order, Amm> the Commiflioners of Supply shall make the Afleflment in the man- emnutotm ner directed by this A& in regard to the County of Jnvemefs : Pro-

, Tided always, that towards paying Three Fourths of any Money advanced for the Repair of Roads and Bridges no County as such Audi be assessed foe a larger Sum than would be railed by a Rate of One Penny in the Pound upon the Renta and Profits assessed to the Property Tax as aforesaid; but that over and above such Rate of Limitation of One Penny in the Pound, the County shall be assessed (b as to rail* Assessment One Half (inftead of Three Fourths) of any further Sum of Money advanced for the Repair of Roads and Bridges: Provided always, that no Aflefiinent directed to be made by this A& (batf be made or levied in any Part of the County of Bute, excepting in the Ifle of Arran.

XI.	And be it enacted, That every Royal Burgh and Burgh of Anvgfistn be

Regality shall be assessed with the County in which it is situated, for —wed with the pnrpo&s of this A&; and that in making Aflefimeuts, regard ^•County sc-Atall be had to an A& passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign	*	_i

•f His present Majesty, intituled An AS for qffeffing the Proprietory

of Lands in the County of Rods, and such Parts of the Couuties of Cromarty and Nairn as tie in the (aid County of Rofs, towards the Exfence of making and fipporting fish Roads ami Bridges therein ay Jhatl be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an A8 passed in

Zz 3	•the

C.135.

69° GEO. Ilf.

A.D. 181&

Vio

the Forty third Tear of His pbefent Maiefiy^ for making Roads and Building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; also to an Aft palled 44/G. 3. c. lxxv. in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for ajfejjing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness towards the Expence of making and supporting fuck Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Comsnsfponars appointed by an AS of the lafl Seflion of Parliament for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland ; and also to an Aft pasted in 48 G.3. c. cr»' the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for continuing, altering and enlarging the Powers of Jo much of an AS of His present Majejty, as relates to making effeSuat the Statute Labour in the Shire of Invernels, and levying a Contribution of Money in lieu thereof and otherwise regulating, making and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire ; and all Pantiles and Farts of PariJhes and Places and Lands and Edates mentioned in the said Three lad mentioned Afts, shall be assessed for the purposes of this Aft, in the fame manner that such Paristies, Parts of PariJhes, Places, Lands and Edates are directed to be aJTefied for the purposes of the said Three lad mentioned recited Afts.

Commissioners XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the of Supply may Commissioners of Supply of any County, at the-Annual Meeting at ppoint ccrs.	afiemble to afTefs the Land Tax, to appoint a Surveyor,

Clerk or Clerks, and such other Officers as they shall think nwef-fary for the due Execution of this Aft, with such Salaries or Allowances payable out of the County AJfeflinent, as such Commissioners of Supply shall think fit; and from time to time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall fee Occafion, and ap«> point others, in Cafes of Removal, Refignation or Death.

Application of XIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That when by any Aft ~ T°,,s> or Afts of Parliament already made or to be made, any Tolls or "busforSta Duties shall be applicable, and where any Converfions for Statute tute^Cabour." Labour shall have been allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge made or built pursuant to the said recited Aft paded in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to any Road made for the purposes of Military Communication, all Monies arising from such Tolls and Duties, or such Conversions, shall and may be applied in the manner in which such Monies are directed to be applied by-any such Aft or Afts refpec-tively ; and such Monies shall be imputed in part Payment of the Proportion of the Expence of such Repairs as is not to be borne by the said Commissioners; and in making any AJTeJTment pursuant to this Aft, Regard shall be had to all such Monies as are or may be applicable to the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any such AJTeJTment is made.

Lord Advrate XIV. And be it enacted, That if the Commissioners of Supply to iustitote Pro- afrembled at any Annual Meeting at which they aftemble to anew Commissioner* Dand Tax, shall fail or neglect to make an AJfeffinent in the of Supply, if they f**l to

assets the County.



manner directed by this ACt, or it no Meeting mall bare been holden before which the Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Aft, and chargeable to such County, shall have been laid by the Convener in the manner directed by this Aft, then the Com-mifiioiiers appointed by this Aft shall and they are hereby autho-rifed to direct His Majefty’s Advocate General for Scotland^ or to emjJloy any other Perfon to institute the necefiary Procefs for com-

...	“	petting

AJX 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 135.

711

pelting the said Commissioners * of Supply toraife and pay oyer to the said Commissioners appointed by this Aft, the Monies which shall be or become due to them under the Provifions of this Aft.

XV.	And be it enacted. That every Affeffment made pursuant to this Aft shall be levied and recovered by the Colleftors of the Land Tax of the County within which it shall have been made, in the fame manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at such time or times as such Commiffionera of Supply shall direct, within Six Months after the Affeffment shall have been made; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recoveiy of every such Affeffment, as are given or may be applied and enforced for the ^Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax : Provided always, that every such Colleftor shall give Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Monies to be received by him pursuant to this Aft, in the lame manner that such Colleftor gives Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Colleftor of the Land Tax.

XVI.	And be it enacted. That if any Colleftor of the Land Tax shall fail or neglect to levy such Affeffment, or any Part of such Affeffinent, within Six Months as aforesaid, every such Colleftor shall be liable to pay a Sum equal to double the Amount thereof, which Sum shall be applicable towards the Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges, under the Provifions of this Aft, and for that Purpofe shall be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by this Aft, Three Fourths of the fame to be placed to the Gredit of the Account of the County wherein such Default of the Colleftor has taken place ; One Fourth to be added to the Money imprefted into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That all Sums of Money received’ by any such Colleftor pursuant to this Aft, shall be remitted by him to the Agent of the Commissioners, from time to time, as the fame may have been collected and levied : Provided always, that every such Colleftor may retain for his own Ufe, out of all Monies to be so received as aforesaid, such Allowance, not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made for levying the Affeffed Taxes, and for which Allowance Provifion shall be made in the Amount of each Affeffment, over and above the Sum due to the Commissioners appointed by this Aft; and if anv such Colleftor of the Land Tax shall fail to remit to the Agent oi the said Commissioners at'Edinburgh, on or before the First Day of December in every Year, the total Sum due to the said Commissioners by virtue of this Aft, such Colleftor shall become personally liable to pay, and shall pay to the said Commissioners a Penalty, at the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds of the said Affeffment remaining unpaid or un-remitted to the said Agent for every Day after the said First Day of December, the Payment of which Penalty shall and may be enforced by His Majeffy*s Advocate General for Scotland; and the Amount of any such Penalty or Penalties shall be accounted for by the Agent of the said Commissioners, in the manner in which all the other Sums of Money which shall come into his Hands in confeduence of this Aft, are hereby directed to be accounted for.

Z z 4	XVIII.	And

Assessments howto be levied.

Collector ta five Security to account.

Collector neglecting to levy Assessment. Penalty.

Collector may retain Allowance for bis Trouble, and pay over what is due to Agent of Commissioners.

Penalty.

712

Ci 195k '

59? GEO. HI.

a:d.i8j£

Agent to account for such >Iouiew

Commi&Moners to make Rules and Regulations for Repair of Roads, &c.

IVovLo.

Commissioners to report annually to Parliament, and in case herein mentioned, transmit Accounts to Trea-aur/;

and may include in their Report, Proceedings under oilier Acts of Parliament.

Inspector of Roads may dig Gravel, &c. in private Grounds.

' XVIII. And be itfutthef enacted, That all Monies paid over by such Colledor to the Agent of the Commissioners appomted by this Aft, by virtue of any Affeffrnent to be made pursuant to tins Aft, ft all be accounted for by such Agent in the manner in which the laid Sums of Money directed to be hnprefted by the Warrant of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, or any other Sums of Money which shall come into his Hands in coniequenee of this Aft, are hereby directed to be accounted for.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Cotnmiffioners appointed by this Aft, and tney are hereby empowered from time to time* to make such Rules and Regulations, and to give such Orders and Directions as they may think proper for the more efeftual Maintenance and Repair of the Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be maintained and repaired; provided that such Rules and Regulations, Orders and Directions, shall not be inconfiitent with the Laws of Scoilaad, or with the Provifion* of this 'Aft, and shall be notified to the Perfon or Perfons required to conform to the fame.

XX. And be it enacted. That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, a Report shall be made to both Houfes of Parliament, by the Commimonets appointed by this Aft,

ior if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within Twenty one )ays after Parliament shall next meet,) of their Proceedings pursuant to this Aft, with a general Abltraft of their Receipt# and Expenditure in carrying this Aft into execution during the preceding Year; and whenever the Expenditure hereby directed to be defrayed out of the Monies paid into their Hands by Warrant of the Barons of the Exchequer shall exceed the Sum hereinbefore limited and appointed for that Purpose, the said Commissioners fiiaU further, at such times as they may find neceffaiy, transmit an Account thereof to the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty*s Trea-fury, in order that the fame may be laid before Parliament: And Whereas by fevered Afts of Parliament the said Commissioners are and remain charged with the Execution of several Public Works in Scotland, other than the making of Roads and building of Bridget, under the Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hie prefeat Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for them to include in such Report, a Report of their Proceedings under any such other Aft of Parliament, with the Execution of which they are or ffiall be charged.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That it shall add may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads and Bridges (to be appointed by virtue of this Aft), to empower fuck Fenbn or Perfons as he in Writing under his Hud shall appoint, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, Sand, or other Materials out of the several Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons, whether die fame be inclosed or uninclosed, (not being the Ground whereon any House or Buildings ft and, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground fet apart and used as a Nurfery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away the fame, or so much thereof as the said Infpeftor or any Perfon appointed by him as afore-faid shall judge necefTary for repairing the Roads or Bridges direfted

A.1X1810.

5^ geo. hi.

G185.

7ia

refted to be repaired by this Aft ; and in case the said Materials In what ew

Dull be taken from or carried through any Arable Land, the said togiye Notice.

Infpeftor, or the Perfon appointed by him as aforesaid, shall give

at lead Eight Days previous Notice in Writing to the Owners or

Occupiers respectively of the said Ground, where and from whence

the fame shall be digged, gathered, carried away, or over which

the fame shall be carried: Provided that it shall and may be lawful	paid

for such Owners and Occupiers to claim Payment for any such by County,

Damage out of the Road Affeflinent of the (Jounty wherein fuch

Materials shall be situated, for the whole Amount of such Damage;

and in case of any Difference of Opinion between such Owners or Amount of

Occupiers and the Heritors of such County, touching the Value Paina?e**?ir

or Amount of such Damage, the fame shall and may be determined determined*

by the Sheriff Depute or Snbftitute of the County wherein fucfc

Materials shall be situated, whose Decifion shall be final, without

being subject to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Reduction; but any

inch Difference of Opinion shall not in the meantime hinder the

carrying off or using the said Materials for repairing the said Roads

or Bridges.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and mar be lawful Paatamgefer for the Infpeftor of Roads, or any Perfon authorised and appointed

by him, to apply to any Proprietor or Occupier of any ram or LirRoSs.

Parcel of Land, for Pafture or Grafs sufficient for the Subfiftence

sf such Number of Horfes as may be employed in repairing the

Roads and Bridges kept in repair by virtue of this Aft ; and the

Perfon or Perfons employed in the Repair of such Roads, or any

of them, shall thereupon and he is hereby authorised to allow tps

Horfes to depafture and feed on any open grazing Ground, giving

at Waft Four Days previous Notice, either verbally or in Writing,

or leaving the fame at the Dwelling House of the Proprietor or

.Occupier of such Grounds, or at the House of the Ground Officer,

ip presence of any credible Witnefs, and paying such Sum or Sums

of Money for the Ufe of such Pafture as may be deemed a fair

Remuneration; but in case of any Difference of Opinion between Remuneration.

the Parties as to the Value of such Grazing or Pafture, the feme

shall be determined and adjusted by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff

Subftitute of the County wherein tne said Pafture (Ground shall be

fituated.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Infpeftor Injuring or of Roads and Bridges, or any Perfon appointed by him, shall observe obstructing any Nuifances or Encroachments, Obftruftion of Ditehes, Drains,

Gutters or Watercourses, or any other Annoyances whatsoever,

made, committed or permitted in or upon or to the Prejudice of any of the Roads or Bridges maintained and kept in repair by virtue of this Aft ; or shall observe any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peat, Dung,

Soil, Compoft or Afhes, depohted or remaining thereon ; or if any Perfon shall remove or carry away any Earth, Sand, Gravel or Stones, forming Part of any such Roads ; or shall turn or dam any Water thereon 5 or if any Proprietor or Occupier shall neglect to cleanse or Scour any Ditches or Watercourfes anefting the laid Roads, the Infpeftor shall give or cause to be given to any Perfon or Perfons xfomg, committing or permitting the lame, Pepfonal Notice, or Notice Notice to rein Writing to be left at his, her or their usual Place or Places cf move Obstruct Abode, Specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuifances, Encroach- lions, Ac.

ments, .

C. 185.

59° GEO. III.

AJ>. 1819.

Persons neglecting to make Repayment to Inspector of Charges and Penalty loL

Order of Justice, Ac. final.

Cattle not to run loose on Roads.

Penalty.

Roads injured fey Carriage of Stoo% Ac.

Proprietor to pay Damage, to Inspector.

Refusing so to do, Proceedings.

Not making Head Ridges, or henling Materials along

Penalty.

ments, Obftru&ions or Annoyances consist ; and if the fame shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourfes effectually cleansed and opened, within Seven Days after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, the laid Infpe&or, or the Perfon appointed by him, is hereby authorised and empowered forthwith to remove such Nuifances, Obftru&ions and Annoyances, and to open, cleanse and scour such Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercounes; and the Perfon neglecting to observe and obey the above mentioned Notice, shall repay to the Infpe&or, or to the Perfon appointed by him, such Charges as shall be adjudged to be reasonable by the Sheriff Depute or Subffitute, or any Juftice of the Peace of the County, and shall also forfeit the Sum or Ten Pounds, and in default of Pay-ment thereof, the fame shall be levied and recovered, with Expences of Procefs in a summary Way, before the Sheriff Depute or Sub-ftitute, or any Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed, which Sum shall be paid to the said Infpe&or, or the Perfon appointed by him, to be paid over to the Agent of the Commiflioners, and to be applied by him in diminution of the Affeffment for repairing Roads and Bridges in such County in the next Year ; and in every such Cafe the Order or Sentence of such Sheriff or Juftice of the Peace shall be final and eonelusive, without being subject to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Redu&ion.

XXIV.	And be it enacted, That if any Horse, Mule, Afs* Cattle, Pigs or Swine, shall be permitted to run loose on any of the said Roads, it shall be deemed a Nuifance or Obfti^i&ion committed by the Owner thereof, who shall be liable to Penalty accordingly.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor of a Stone Quarry, or of Timber, or other Perfon or Perfons, shall carry or cause to be carried any large Quantity of Stone or of Timber, along any Road or Portion of Road hereafter kept in Repair by virtue of this A £1, so as to cut, destroy or maniieftly injure the laid Road, such Proprietor or other Perfon shall pay to the Infpe&or of Roads, or any . Perfon appointed by him, such Sum or Sums of Money at the Expiration of every Three Months, as shall by any Perfon, mutually chosen, be deemed fuffident to repair the Damage of the Road thereby occasioned, and. the fame AaJl be forthwith applied in repairing the Road; and in case such Proprietor or other Perfon injuring the Road as aforesaid, shall refuse to fettle by such Arbitration or otherwise, the Amount of the Sum payable by him or them, after Seven. Days’ Notice given, the Sum be ascertained, and the Payment thereof enforced in a summary Way, by Procefs before the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute, together with Cofts of Procefs.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon (Ml plough any Field contiguous to any Road kept in Repair by virtue of this A6t, without making a Head Ridge dong the Side of. the .Road, of the Breadth of Ten Feet at the least; or shall draw or haul any Tree, Log or Timber, or Stone alpng any Part of such Road, otherwise than on a Wheel Carriage, such Perfon shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered by the iiune Procefs as any Penalty for otherwise injuring or obstructing any Road repaired by virtue of this Aft.

‘ XXVII. And Whereas the Roads hereinafter to be maintained

•by

A.D. 1819.

69” GEO. Ill

C. 135.



‘ by Virtue of this Ad, are liable to be overlhaded and precluded

*	from the full Effect of the Sun and Air by Trees. Bullies or

*	UnderwoodBe it enacted. That all Branches of Trees, Bulhes In what Chats

or Underwoo’	m	” '	Middle	of	any	Trees,	Bushes

e .	«	.	IT-J.__J

his own Expence; and if after Thirty Days* Notice in Writing, ^yed ^ left at his Dwelling House, he shall not have so cut down and Sides of the removed such Branches of Trees, Bulhes or Underwood, it shall and Roads, may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads, or any Perfon authorised by him, to cut down and remove the fame, and such Infpeftor shall be entitled to recover the Expence of so doing from the Proprietor who shall have refused or neglected so to do.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Proprietor or Regulations for * other Perfon whatever shall hereafter be permitted to plant any Tree planting Tret*

or Trees within Twenty Feet of the North, or North West, or South West, or West Side of the Middle of any such Road, nor within Twenty Yards of the South, or South East, or North East, or East Side of the fame; and in case any Tree or Trees shall be so planted, it shall and may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads to remove any such Tree or Trees, and either to destroy the fame or to apply the fame as Materials for the Repair of any Road or Bridge maintained by virtue of this Aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall hence- Regulation as forth be permitted to erect any House, Hut or other Building, to Buddings exceeding Five Feet in Height, within Twenty Feet of the Middle

of any of the Roads‘repaired by this Aft ; and in case any Building exceeding Five Feet in Height shall be so erested, it shall and may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads to order the fame to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be applied to the Repair of the adjacent Road.

* XXX. And Whereas the Side Drains of the Roads maintained 4 by virtue of this Aft are liable to be injured by the Inhabitants 4 of Houfes erected on the Side of such Roads Be it enacted,

That the Path or Road of Approach or Accefs to any such House, Injury to Side shall be made, to pass over the Side Drain without Injury thereof, by Drains of means of a sufficient Stone Covering or Arch over such Drain ; and	P1^"

•very Proprietor or Occupier of any House so situated, and not pro- vented-yjded with such Stone Covering or . Arch, shall be deemed to create an Obftruftion in the Side Drain, and shall be liable in manner aforesaid : Provided always, that no Second Penalty shall be in- Penalty, curred, until One Month shall have elapsed from and after any former Conviftion for the fame Offence.

4 XXXI. And Whereas it is necessary, for the better Occupation 4 of the Lands interfefted by the Roads which are to be kept in 4 repair according to the Provifions of this Aft, that Gates should 4 be permitted to be erected on such Roads, under certain Rules and 4 Regulations Be it therefore enacted. That such Gates shall be Regulation of ' wide enough to afford a clear Paffage or Roadway of Eight Feet at Gates on Roads, the least, and shall be framed with Head and Heel Polls and Cross Bars, properly and firmly fastened together, either by Nails or Mor-tifes, and hung by sufficient Iron Hooks and Hinges to substantial (Grate Pofts of Wood or to Pillars of Stone, or of Mafonry, so that the Gate shall at all times fwiqg clear of the Road, and that such grates and.Gate Pofts shall be kept and maintained in good and

such Roads,

Proprietor at or Underwood

*	.	.	arm	tn	Ha	m.

fufficient

Ii6

C. 135*

59* GECX Ill,

AJX 18191

sufficient Repair, as alio the Road, with its Oofs Drain and Side Drain, within One Fall (or Six Yards and Six laches) of each Side of every such Gate, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Occupier by whom such Gate shall have been ended ; and in case such Gate and Road shall not be so kept in repair, the said Proprietor or Occupier shall be deemed wilfully to caiife an Obftru&ion m the Road, and shall be liable to the Penalties hereinbefore imposed in that Cafe. Improper Galea XXXII. And be it further enacted. That where Gates other to be removed. t}ian such M are above described, shall have been erected, or shall hereafter be erected, it shall be competent to the Infpe&or of Roads and Bridges to remove and destroy the fame, in cale the fame shall Notice.	not have been removed within Seven Days after personal Notice, or

Notice in Writing left at the Habitation or Abode of the Perfon by whom or by whose Dire&ion such Gates shall have been ended ; and in case such Perfon shall not remove such Gate within such Seven Days, he shall be liable to pay, and shall pay to the Infpedor of Roads and Bridges, such reasonable Charges of removing and de-ftroying the fame as shall be allowed and determined by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute of the County in which such Gate is or has been situated; and if the said Infpe&or of Roads and Bridges shall not be able to a (certain by whom or by whose Direction any insufficient Gate shall have been erested, in such Cafe fcotice immediately after Divine Service on Two successive SumJgyrj published at the Door of the Church of the Parifh wherein such Gate has been cre&ed, shall be held and be deemed to be fuffieient Notice to authorise the said Infpe&or to remoV and destroy such Gate after Seven Days shall have intervened from the last of fuqh Two public Notices as aforesaid.

4 XXXIII. And Whereas Drivers of Carts and Carriages wil-* fully or wantonly, or through culpable Negligence, may drive 4 again ft or fuller such Carts and Carriages to strike agaixdt, the 4 retaining Walls and parapet Walls of the Roads or Bridge* which 4 are to be maintained and kept in repair by the Provifions of this 4 Aft, or to pass over or (hike against Banks or Caufeways apper-Driring aguntt 4 Saining to such RoadsBe it enacted, That every Perfon guilty Panpets, Ike. of any of these Offences, shall, upon Comphunt thereof before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, or any Juftice of the Peace of the Comity where the Offender shall be or reside, by the Oath of any One credible Witnefs, or upon view of any such Magistrate, forfeit Penalty.	for every of the said Offences any Sum not exceeding Forty Shil-

lings ; and in default of Payment thereof shall be committed to Pnfon for any Term not exceeding One Month, at the Difcretion Order^naL	of fuqh Magistrate, unless the fame be sooner paidj and in every

such Cafe the Order or Sentence of such Magiftrate shall be final and oonelusive, without being fubie£t to Advocation, Sufpenfien or Driver sitting Reduction j and if any Driver of a Cart passing along any of the on.friiCart'fcc.; said Roads shall fit on his Cart, and allow his Horse or Horfes to proceed without his holding a double Rein for guiding such Horse or Horfes, or if the Driver of any Carriage, Cart, Car or loaded Horse, shall not drive to the Left Hand Side of the Road when meeting any other Carriage, Cart, Car or loaded Horse open the or pot keeping said Road) or shall not lead his Horse or Horfes when' rea uifiir proper Side of fQ go, such Driver shall, upon Complaint and Proof of the Offence as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the aum of Five ShsHfog* fer

every

JD* GEO. HL

c.i3^isa

717

JtD.1819.

every such Offeree; and m default of Payment therebf shall be committed to Prifon for any Term not exceeding Three Day it. Penalty.

XXXIV.	And for the better Detedion of Drivers hereby made liable to Penalty or Imprifonment, be it enacted, That every Perfon Name and possessing a Cart or other Carriage* for the Conveyance of Goods Pl«* °f Abode of any Defcription Upon any Roads repaired by virtue of this A A, Pf °fr?CTito shall and he is hereby required to mark his Name and Place of	on

Abode on some conspicuous Part of such Cart or Carriage, under Penalty of Twenty Shillings $ and it shall be lawful for the Ma- Penalty, giftrate before whom the Complaint of Qmifiion herein shall be made, to detain such Cart or Carnage until the said Penalty (hail have-been paid $ which Penalty as well as all other Penalties imposed by this Ad (not otherwise Specially appropriated), shall be paid to and received by the Magiftrate before whom Convidion of the Offence shall have taken place, to be by him paid over to the Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the Parilh in which the Offence so punifttable shall have been committed.

C A IP. CXXXVI.

An A€t for the better Regulation of the General Penitentiary for Convrfts at Millbank.	[13 th July 1819.]

*4 IT7 HEREAS by an Ad passed m the Fifty sixth Year of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to regulate

*	the General Penkerttidfy far ConviMt at Millbank m the County rf 4 Middlesex, k was among other things enacted, that any Number

*	of Convids, not exceeding Four hundred Male and Four hundred

*	Female Convids, might, with the Approbation of His Majefty’s

*	Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the 4 time being, be imprisoned at one and the fame time in the (aid 4 Prifon or Penitentiary, and confined, employed and managed there-4 in under the Provisions of that Ad: And Whereas it is found by 4 Experience that the Number of Male Convids who may be con-4 fined in the said Penitentiary may cbnvenientlj be iberfeafed : And 4 Whereas it is also expedient that the Provifions of the said Ad 4 should be in other respects altered, enlarged and amended;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thiiindent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That any Number of Convids, not exceeding Six hundred Male and Four hundred Female Convids, may, with the Approbation of One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, be at one time imprisoned, confined, eny ployed and managed in the said Penitentiary, under the Provifions of this and the said recited Ad.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provifions and Regulations contained in the said recited Ad, relating to any Perfon under Sentence or Order of Tranfportation for any Offence committed in that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wale*) and confined in any Gaol or Pnfcln, shall extend to any PeHbn twder Sentence or Order of Tranfportation for any Offence committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, whether confined in any Gaol or Prifon, or on board any Ship or Veffel provided pursuant to the Provifions of a certain Ad

paffed

56 G^|. c.4*

s*

Number of Convicts allowed to be

Powers of recited Act extended to Convicts confined under Acts of

59* GEO. III.

19 0*3* c. 74.

25 0.3. C.46.

56 G. 3. c. 63. relating to She-rifia, &c. extended to Com-minder* of Prison Ship*.

56 G. 3. c. 63. §7-

repealed

56 G.3. c.63. $ ta,

repealed

56-0.3.0.63. 1*9*

C. 136.

A.D.1819*

pafled in the Nineteenth Year of Hie present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Tranf portation, Imprifonment and other Punijbment of certain Offenders ; or of a certain A& passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the more cffeBual Tranf portatiom of Felons and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authortfe the Removal of Prifoners in certain Cafes.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provifions and Regulations contained in the said recited A£ of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, relating to any Sheriff or Gaoler, shall extend to any Superintendant or other Commander of any such Ship or Veflel or other Perfon having the Cuftody of any Perfon or Perfons who may now or shall hereafter be confined on board any such Ship or Veflel as aforesaid.

< IV. And Whereas it is by the said A£k enacted, that it shall ‘ be lawful for the said Committee from time to time, with such 9 Approbation as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontinue or vary 9 the Number of Officers and Servants to be. appointed for the said 9 Penitentiary, in pursuance of the Dire&ions aforesaid, except by

*	taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor,

*	Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary to the fame:

*	And Whereas the said Provifion hath been found inconvenient ;* Be it therefore enadfeed, That the said Provifion shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

9	V. And Whereas it is by the said A61 enacted, that fuch

*	Convifts shall be employed in Work at the said Penitentiary every ‘ Day in the Year, except Sundays, Cbrifimas Day, Good Friday, 9 Afcenfton Day, and any Day appointed for a General Faff or < Thankfgiving, and also except such Days when 111 Health will ‘ not allow of their working ; and the Hours of- Work in each Day 9 shall not exceed Eight Hours in the Months of November, De-9 c ember, and January, Nine Hours in the Months of February and 9 0Sober; and Ten Hours and a half in the Reft of the Year, ex-+ elusive of the time allowed for Meals; provided always, that it

*	(hall and may be lawful for the (aid Committee, by a written 4 Order, to permit any Convidt to labour voluntarily for a longer 9 time than is herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as shall in the 9 said Order be expressed: And Whereas the said Provifion hath 4 been found inconvenientBe it therefore enacted, That the said Provifion (hill be and the fame is hereby repealed.

9 VI. And Whereas it is by the said A6t enacted, that no Officer 9 or Servant of such Penitentiary shall supply any of the Convidb

*	therein with any Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or with 9 any Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, except such Money,

*	Clothing, Provifions or Diet as the Governor of the Penitentiary

*	(hall from time* to time permit or direct, and except such Diet and ‘ Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such Peniten*

*	tiary shall think proper to order for any such Convift in case of 9 Illnefs 5 and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found 9 guilty of carrying to any such Convidfc, or of knowingly permit-9 ting to be carried to any such Convidt any Money, Clothing, Pro* 9 visions, or Diet or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of

*	this A€tf such Officer'or Servant shall immediately be fufpeiaded 9 by the said Governor! who shall report the feme to the Committee

4 **

A.D. 1819.

59® GEO. IIL

C.136.	719

*	at their next Meeting; and such Committee shall inquire thereof

*	upon Oath, and shall punilh such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture 1 of Office, and by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or by

*	either of such Puniihmenta, as the laid Committee shall in their

*	Difcretion think proper; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall wil-

*	fully supply any such Convidl at any time during the Term of « his or her Confinement with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other ‘ than £msk as shall have been appointed by the Committee as afore-

*	m or with any Money, he or Ihe so supplying such Convift shall 4 for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

*	nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the said Com-

*	mittee: And Whereas the said Provilion hath been found incon-

*	venientBe it therefore enacted, That the said Provilion shall be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed.

‘ VII. And Whereas it is by the said A6t enacted, that the Go* 56 G.> 0.63.^ ‘ vernor of such Penitentiary shall have Power to hear all Complaints 5

*	touching any of the following Offences committed by any of the

*	Convi&s confined therein; (that is to fay), Difobedience of any 4 of the Orders eftablilhed for the said Penitentiary, Affaults by one

*	Perfon confined in such Penitentiary upon another, when no dan*

*	gerous Wound or Bruife is given, profane Curling and Swearing 4 or indecent Behaviour, Abfence from Chapel or irreverent Beha-

*	viour there, and Idieriefs or Negligence in Work, or wilful Mif-

*	management of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prifon „ or

*	Furniture thereof, all which are declared to be Offences by this 4 Ad$ and the said Governor may examine any Perfons touching

' 4 such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punim

*	fuch Offences by ordering the Offender to close Confinement in a 4 dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only,

4 or by both such Puniihmenta, for any Term not exceeding Three 4 Days: And Whereas the said Provilion hath been found inoan-

*	venient ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provilion shall be repealed and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 VIII. And Whereas it is by the said A& evacted, that if any 5$ G. 3.«. 63.

*	Convid who shall be confined in any such Penitentiary shall, during § 3$«

4 the Term for which he shall be so confined, be guilty of any

4 Offence which the Governor of such Penitentiary is not hereby 4 authorised to punilh, or for which the Puniihment which such Go-4 vernor is hereby authorised to inflid shall by such Governor be 4 deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offence

*	or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may confine such Offender 4 either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to such 4 Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and 4 shall in such Cafe report such Offence, with the time and particular 4 Circumftances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the laid 4 Committee; and such Committee shall have Po'wer to inquire upon 4 Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences £0 reported to 4 them as aforesaid, and may order any such Offender to be punished 4 lay dose Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Water only 4 for Suftenance, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by 4 removing such Offenders if ranked in the Second Clafs into the Firrc 4 Class, or by both such Punilhments ; and in case of Removal 4 into the First Class, the Offender shall, from the time of making 4 iuch Order of Removal, remain in such First Clafs until he or Ihe

* be

7*0

C. 13&

SfPGfEO. in;

A.D. 1619.

repealed.

56 G. 3. c. 63. *4*

repealed.

56 04 3. c. 63. $42-

repealed.

Officers and Servant* may be increased ot diminished by Committee with Consent of Secretary of

Days and Hours of Work of Convicts.

Proviso for

i be tailored to the Second Clafs by Order of the Committee, or * until the Term of his or her Confinement shall be completed: And 1 Whereas the said Provifion has been found inconvenientBe it therefore enacted, That the said Provifion shall be and the fame ie hereby repealed.

*	IX. And Whereas it is by the said Aft enacted, that the find Committee shall report to His Majesty in Couneil, and to both Houfes of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules or Regulations made under the Authority of this Aft, and all Alterations therrin or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commence* ment bf the next Seffion of Parliament after such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additions, shall have been con* firmed by the Justices of His Mriefty’s Court of King’s Bench a9 hereinbefore is dirested: And Whereas the said Provifion has been found inconvenient ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the find

Provifion shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

*	X. And Whereas it is by the said Aft enacted, that if any Convift who shall he ordered to he confined in the said Penitentiary shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement break Prifon, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Cuflody of such Convift, he or (he so breaking Pnfon or escaping shall be puniihed by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or (he, at the time of his or her Breach of Prifon or Escape, was subject to be confined; and if such Convift so pumfhed by such Addition to the Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a Second Efcape or Breach of Prifon, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas the mid Provifion has been found inconvenient Be it therefore

enacted, That the said Provifion shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee appointed ot to be appointed in pursuance of the hid recited Aft of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, from time to time^ with the Approbation of His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to incresfo or dtminMh, drfcontiime or vary, the Number of Officers and Servants to be appointed for the said Penitentiary, in pursuance of the said Aft, except by taking away or dHcon turning any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaw tin and Surgeon or Apothecary to the fame* or to add such new Officers and Servants thereto as may be found ticfeefiary.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That such Convifts as shall be sent to the laid Penitentiary, shall be employed m Work therein in every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Cbriftmas Day, Good Friday, Afctnfian Day, and any Day appointed for a General Fall or Tlmkfr giving } and also except such Days when III Health will uot after* of their working, or when the said Committee shall think fit for any special Reafon to dispense with their working by an Order hi Writ-fog ; and the Hours of Work in each Day drill not exceed Ten Hours and a half exclufivecC the time allowed for Metis:

always, that it shall and may be lawful for the find Committee, by lj*boun a written Order, to permit any Convift an labour voluntarily for a

feopr

A.D.1819.	59*GEO. III.	G13&	t*l

longer time than is herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as in the said Order shall be expressed.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of No Officer or the said Penitentiary, nor any other Perfon whatsoever, shall fupply

or bring in to any of the Convi&s therein any Money, Clothing, ot|jertp^pJ * Provisions, Diet, or other Article or Thing whatsoever, or any supply Convicts Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Cloth- with mny thing ing, Provisions, Diet, Article or Thing, as the Governor of the whatever, ex-Penitentiary shall from time to time permit or direct, and except cePt “ Gover" such Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending the	or

Penitentiary ffiall think proper to order for any such Convict in case clandestinely of Illnefs ; and that no Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary, nor convey Letters, any other Perfon whatsoever, shall clandestinely or otherwise than according to the Rules and Regulations of such Penitentiary, bring in to or carry out from any Convidt, or receive for the purpose of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convidt, any Letter or Paper; and in case any Perfon shall be found supplying or bringing in to any fqch Convidt any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Diet, or other Article or Thing whatsoever, or any Liquors whatsoever, or of- bringing in to or carrying out from any Convidt, or receive for the purpoie of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convidt, any Letter or Paper whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Adt, if such Perfon be an Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary, he or Punishment of she shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall Officer or Sec-report the fame to the Committee at their next Meeting, and such Tant* Committee shall enquire thereof upon Oath, and shall puniffi such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, and if it shall seem meet to them, shall cause such Officer or Servant to be prosecuted for his or her Offence, before a Juftice of die Peace, who, upon Convidscion, may forthwith puniffi such Officer or Servant by a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and if such Perfon be not an Officer or Servant of If not a Ser-fuch Penitentiary, he or (he shall for every such Offence forfeit a vant> Penalty-Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Juftice before whom he or she shall be prosecuted and convicted.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Governor of such Governor em. Penitentiary, shall have Power to hear all Complaints touchingr any powered to hear of the following Offences committed by any of the Convidls confined

therein ; (that is to fay), Difobedience of any of the Orders eftab- taiiToffencefc 1 idled for the said Penitentiary ; AfTaults by one Perfon confined in such Penitentiary upon another, where no dangerous Wound or Bruife is given ; profane Curfing and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Abfence from Chapel or irreverent Behaviour there, and Idlenefs or Negligence in Work or wilful Mifmanagement of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prifon or Furniture thereof; all which are declared to be Offences by this «A& ; and the said Governor may examine any Perfons touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may puniffi fucn Offences by ordering the Offender to close Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only, or by both such Puniffiments, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Days; provided always, that Extent of no such Puniffiment shall exceed the Space of Three Days, unless Pumihmemt. before the Expiration of that Period the Approbation in Writing of the Vifitor for the time being shall be had and obtained.

59 Geo. III.	5	A

XV. And

m

<3.13«.

W« GEO. III.

A.D.ieit:

Governor may confine Consists for Of-fences which he cannot punish until neat Meeting df

Committee may determine and may examine tpon Oath, &c.;

and may extend Pun^hment Inflicted by Governor.

Committee to report to Hia Majesty in Couneil, and to Parliament, all Bye Laws, Ac.

Convicts breaking Prison, &c.

Punishment.

Second Escape, Death*

XV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Convi&, who shall be confined in the said Penitentiary, shall, during the Term for which he or she shall be so confined, be guilty of any Offence which the Governor of such Penitentiary is not hereby authorised to puaifh, or for which the Punifoment which such Governor is hereby authorised to inflidl shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offence or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may confine such Offender either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to such Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the said Committee ; and shall in such Cafe report such Offence, with the time and particular Circumftances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee ; and such Committee (hill have Power to determine concerning all such Offences so reported to them as aforesaid; and for that Purpofe (if they shall think fit) to examine any Perfon upon Oath, and may order any such Offender to be punished by close Confinement m a dark Cell with Bread and Water only, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by removing such Offender, if ranked in the Second Class, into the First Class, or by both such Punifhments ; and in case of Removal into the First Class, the Offender shall, from the time of making such Order of Removal, remain in such First Clafs until he or (he shall be re-ftored to the Second .Clafs by Order of the Committee, or until the Term of his or her Confinement shall be completed ; and in case it shall appear to the said Committee that the Puniihment in Aided upon any Offender by the said Governor, with or without the Approbation of the Vifitor, is inefficient, the said Committee shall have Power to extend such Punifhment to any Term not exceeding One Month from its first Commencement, and may further order the Removal of the said Offender into the First Class, in the fame manner as if the said Offender had been originally reported for Punifhment to the said. Committee.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall report to His Majesty in Couneil, and to both Houfes of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations made under the Authority of the said recited A6t of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, and all A iterations therein or Additions thereto, within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament after such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations or Alterations or Additions, shall have been confirmed by the Justices of His Majefty’s Court of King's Bench, as in the said recited A€t of the Fifty sixth Year of His said Majesty is dire&cd.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Convi& who shall be ordered'to be confined in the said Penitentiary, shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement break Prifon, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinemeift, or from the Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Cuftody of such Convift, he or (he so breaking Prifon or escaping, shall be pur.ilhed by an Addition, not exceeding Three Years, to the Term for which he or {he at the time of his or her Breach of Prifon or Efcapc was subject to be confined ; and if such Convi& so punifiied by such Addition to the Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convi&cd of a Second Efcape or Breach of Prifon, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy ; and if any Convi6l who shall be ordered to be confined

A-D. 1819-	$9* GEO. III.	C.	136* 1J7-	73*

in the said Penitentiary, shall at any time during the Term of such Attempting to Confinement attempt to break Prifon or escape from the Place of break Prison, his or her Confinement or shall forcibly break out of his or her Cell, &c* of shall make any Breach therein with intent to escape therefrom, he or (he so offending, being convicted thereof, shall be punished by an Addition not exceeding Six Calendar Months to the Term Punishment, for which he or (he at the time of committing any such Offence was subject to be confined.

XVIIL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Committee said Committee to pay to any Perfon, who, having been imprisoned in empowered to such Penitentiary, and discharged from thence either by His Majjefty *s J^^Condct* most gracious Pardon, or at the Termination of his or her Period of on an(j Confinement, shall produce to the said Committee, at the Expiration their Discharge, of One Year after iuch Difcharge, such Evidence of his or her good Conduft during that time as shall be satisfactory to the said Committee, any Sums of Money not exceeding Three Pounds, in addition to such Money and Clothing as shall have been given to such Perfon on his or her Difcharge.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Perfon taking Peijury. an Oath under the Provifions of this Aft shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself or herself in any such Oath, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or (he so offending shall suffer such Punifhment

as by Law may be inflicted on Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provifions Former Act and Regulations contained in the said Aft of the Fifty sixth Year to continue in aforesaid, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall continue in force, force*

and shall extend and be applied to this Aft, in as full and ample manner as if the fame had been hereby re-enafted.

cap. cxxxvir.

An Aft to enable the Direftors of the Poor of the several Parilhcs within the City of Worcejicry and of the ParifheS united therewith, to fell and dispose of certain Lands, discharged of all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under the Statutes of Mortmain.

-	[13th July 1819.]

«* THE Lands, &c. herein deferibed shall be freed from all Claims “ of the Crown. Direftors of the Poor may fell the Lands. § 1.

** Receipt of Direftors to be a sufficient Difcharge to Purchasers.

44 $ 2. Agreements to be made for keeping up Roads. § 3. In 44 case no Sale is made within a certain time, Land again to become 44 forfeited. § 4. Application of the Money. § 5. Directors, with 44 Confent of Creditors, may pay Expences of Aft in the first In-44 Ranee. §6. A certain Piece of Land called Tallow Hill Piece,

44 to continue veiled in the Wardens of the Poor. $ 7.



SAt

CAP.

79*

C. 138.

59* GEO. III.

A. D. 1819.

C.3. «nte.

j8 Q. j. e.j.

38 0 3. c. 60.

CommlflMonen

appointed.

CAP. CXXXV1II.

An Aft for appointing Commiflioners for carrying into Execution an Aft of this Seflion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England s and an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty 4>y a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thonfand seven hundred and ninety eight, [ad July 1819.]

•• YTTHEREASVy an Aft made in this present Seflion of Par-4 VV iiament, intituled An Aft for continuing to His Majesty certain 4 Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff'm Great Britain, and on 4 Penfions, Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England, for the Service of 4 the Tear One thousand eight hundred and nineteen^ it was enacted,

4 that all and every the Perfons who in and by certain Afts therein 4 mentioned, made in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, were named and appointed Com-4 miflioners (duly qualifying themfelves) for putting the several Afts 4 therein specified into execution within the several Counties, Ridings,

4 Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places of 4 England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy should be 4 Commiflioners for putting the said Aft into execution, so far as 4 the fame relates to the Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal 4 Estates, unlefa before the Day therein appointed for the Firli 4 Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting the said Aft into execu-4 tion, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Penfions, Offices 4 .and Perfonal Edates, some Aft or Afts of Parliament should be 4 made for naming and appointing special Commiflioners for putting 4 the said Aft into execution, so tar as the fame relates to the 4 Duties on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Estates: And Whereas 4 it is expedienr that other Commiflioners should be appointed for 4 putting into execution an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A& for granting 4 an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, 4 for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety 4 eight; of which Aft certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters 4 and Things were continued for ever by an Aft made in the fame 4 Year, intituled An Aft for making perpetual, fubyeft to Redemption 4 and Pvrchafe in the manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money 4 now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety eight;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Perfons hereinafter named and mentioned; (that is to fay),

[Here follow the Names of the Commijfionersfor England and Wales.]

Being first duly qualified to aft as Commiflioners of Ihe Land Tax, in manner herein dirested, shall be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into execution the said recited Aft made in this Seflion of Parliament, so far as the fame relates to the Duties

OQ

A.D. 181*9.

59° GEO. m.

C. IS8-

T25

on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Estates, and also such of the ^Powers,

Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of 38 G* 3. c. 5. His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for. the Service v of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as* are continued for ever by the said recited Aft made in the fame Year within the several Countier, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports,,

Towns and Places respectively in that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Commissionees all and every the Perfon and Perfons hereinafter named and men-	for

tioned; (that is to fay),*

[Herefollow the Homes of the Commissioners for Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to aft as Commissioners of the Land Tax, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commiilibners for putting into execution such of the Powers, Ph>vifrons, Clauses, Matters ana Things of the faid' recited Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Aft of the fame Year, within the several Shires, Stew art -ries and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland1

I XL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore- Qualifications . said, That the several and respective Perfons hereby appointed Com- to **

% miffioners, shall have such and the fame Qualifications as are required by the said recited Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the 3 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tjtar One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Aft made in the fame Seffion of Parliament, intituled 3$ G- 3* c-4& An A3 to alter and amend so much of an A3 passed in this present Seffion of Parliament, intituled * An A3 for granting an Aid to His

*	Majefty by a Land .Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

* Service-of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety* eight,* as relates to the Qualification of Commtjjioncrs ; and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited. Afts respectively.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any In whs* cum City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification of a Commiffioner to aft	1“

therein shall consist of Perfonal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Perfon having a Perfonal Eftate of the Value required by the said fiction may sc* Afts, or either of them, to aft as such Commiffioner in all Cafes where M Commis-fuch Perfon shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such nonen. Perfonal Eftate by and upon the last Affeffment then, made for such City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Aft for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Inflates in England, paned before the making of such Affeflment; any thing in the (aid Afts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, that all Perfons who shall Justices qua-a€t as Justices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire lifted may act or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may ^nmSouirh aft as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this not spertdly

3 A 3

LOCAL

*726

Ci-r-iiL

in*.

59* GEO- III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B.—The Continuance offuch of the following AQs at are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift} according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(*) For 21 Tears, iffc. [i. e. to the End of the next Sejffion] from a Day named in the Ad.

(b) For 21 Tears, &c. from the faffing of the A8.

(*) For 21 Tears, &f. after the End of the Term under former Ads.

The following are all Public Acts j to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following : u And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed •• and taken to be a Public Adi, and shall be judicially taken u Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without u being specially pleaded*”

Cap. i.

V G* ** V*'	Ad	to con^niie Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of

38 G. 3*. ^ 4J' Three Ads of His late and present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads therein respectively mentioned and aescribed, in the County of Tork; so far as the said Ads relate to the Road leading from tne South weft Comer of the Inclofures of Harrogate, througn Knarejborough, to Barougbbridge. (£)	[23d	March	1819-]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted1]

Cap. ii#

An Ad for lighting with Gas the City of Bristol, and certain Parifhe* adjacent thereto.	[23d	March	1819.]

Cap. Hi.

An Ad for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Calton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleanf-ing and lighting the Streets and PafTages of the said Diftrid ; and for eroding a Court House, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein* (&) *	[23d	March	1819.}

A.I). 181 ®.	99° GEO. III. £	iv—jx.

Cap. IV*

An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Power® of Two Afts pa fled in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset. (c)	[23d	March 18*9.]

[-Additional Trujlees. New Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt.']

Cap. v.

An Aft to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and Company of the Briti/b Plate Glafs Manufacture, (c)	[13d	March 1819.]

Cap. vi.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Afts of His late and present Majesty, for repair ing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge in jDerby, and from the Guide Pojl, in the Parifh of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry. (b)	[23d	March 1819*.]

[Additional Truflaes.]

Cap. vii.

An Aft for more effectually repairing the Road from the Qolde* Farmer^ near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hilly and from thence to Bafingjloie and Ockham,, and from 0diham to the Great Weftern Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton ; and also from Odiham aforesaid to a Place called the Bull Inn, in the Parifh of SwallowfAd, in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reacting, in the County of Berks, to Bajtngfioke aforesaid. (a)	[23d	March 1819.]

[New Trujlees. Royal Family exempt from Tells,]

Cap. yiii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Afts, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and

. other Roads in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Road called The Abingdon DiftriB. (<r)	[23d	March 1819*]

[New Trustees. Additional Trujlees. Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. ix.

Aa Aft for abaKftimff the Payment of certain Tolls called Ingates and Out gates, collected at the several Entrances into the Town of JLiverpaely in the County of Lancader, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for panting other Tolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the (aid Markets and Fairs. [?£d March 1819*]

TIT

*80.3. c.*j. 38 G. J* c. tkXL

38 G. j. c. xvih

31 G. 2. c- SP

to G. 3. c. 73. 39 G« 3. e.*ik

10 G. 1. c. is. 21 G. 1. c. 16. 30 G. 1. c. 61. 13 O. 3. c. 94* 17 O. 3. c. 84. 29 G. 3. c.88." 38 G.3. c.lxvU»

29 G. 2.

18 G.>sitiu 38 G.> L

26 G.3.C.1*. 5S&3.«.oaWft

C. x—xvi.

59° GEO- in.

A.D. 1819.

72#

Cap. x.

3)G. a. c.&7. An A d for more effectually making, ftraightening, repairing and

*° Jj.3. ©*83. improving the Road from near the Town of Lews to Polegate, in the Parifh of Hatlfbam, and from thence to Eajlboume, and from Polegate to Hatlfbam Common*, in the County of Sujfex• (a)

[23d March 1819-] [,Additional Trvfiees. Afcw Trujlees• -ft 070/ Family exempt. J

Cap. xi.

38G.3*c.xxviii. An A A for Bering, amending and extending the Provifions of an A A puffed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and altering the Parifh Church of Saint George the Martyr* in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provifion for the Redor of the said Parifh, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.	[31ft March 1819.3

Cap. xii*

rt o 834 An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads of His late and G *^	prefent	Majefty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in

3I# the West Ridingof theCounty of Tork. ($)	[31ft	March	1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One half additional Toll on Sundays."] •

Cap. xiii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or front near the City of CarUfley to the Solway Frith, at or near FilhePs Cross, in the Parifh of Bownefs, in the County of Cumberland.

[6th April 181913

Cap. xiv.

An Ad to enable the Justices of Peace for the County of Brecon to take down the	prefent	County Bridge over	the	River Ufk, and to

build Two	new	Bridges	over	the	Rivers	Seuny and UJk in lieu

thereof*	[6th April	1819*]

Cap. xv.

as G. 3. e. 35. An Ad for raising a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or other-23 G.‘3. c. 32.	wife, for the purpose of eroding a Worknoufe for the Ufe of the

57 G.3. C.lxxiii.	Poor of the Parifh of Saint John of Wapping% in the County of

Middlesex.	[6th April	1819.]

Cap. xvi.

310.3.0.61* An Ad to enlarge the Powers of Three* Ads of His present f 3*	Majefty,	for	paving,	cleanfing and lighting the Streets and other

Pu^c P^ace8 within the King’s Town of Maid/lone, in the County 42 g! 3I c. xc!	and	better	Supplying the Inhabitants with Water ; and

for watching the said Town, and making public Wharfs therein*

[6th April i8i<^3 [Former Batts to cease. New Rates granted.]

A.D.1819,

59° GEO. Ill,

G xvii—xxiv.

7*9

Cap. xvii.

An A ft for lighting with Gas the Town and Parifh of Cheltenham 26 G 3. e.116. and Precinfts thereof, in the County of Gloucester.	46 G. 3. c. cavil.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House 26 G. s. c. 86. Beck in the Townfhip of Ireby, in the County of Laneajler, to 18 G. 3 c.113. Kirkby Lonfdale and Kirhhy Kendal, in the County of Wejlmorlandy 6© G. 3. c. ati and through Kirkby Lonfdale to Milnthorp in the laid County, (a) 37 c«clxv.

[6th April 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xix.

An Aft for^nlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 37G.3.c.«bnii. sent Majessy, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called rcclte<k Morton's Comer, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton. (r)	[6th	April 1819.]

Cap. xx.

An Aft to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light and Coke 5© G.3.c.dxiiL Company, and to amend Three Afts of His present Majesty re- Charter, 30th lating to the said Company.	[7th	April 1819.] Q ^ l*mu

Limitations of Powers of § 7. repealed.

Cap. xxi.

An Aft for lighting, watching and cleanfmg Long Lane, in the 56 G. 3.

Parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of c, lxxxvii. Surreyr, and the Streets, Lanes, PafTages and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the fame Panfh.	[7th	April 1819.]

Ca/. xxii.

An Aft for providing that the several Highways within the Parifh of Manchefer, in the County Palatine of Laneajler, shall be repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Townfhips within which the fame are situate.	[8th	April 1819.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Aft for subjecting certain Streets and Places within and adjacent % g. 3. c. 41. to the Parifh of Saint James, Wejtminfler, in the County of Middle- 3 G. 3. e. *3. sex, called Optional Streets, to the fame Rates for paving, clean f- 4 G. 3. c. 39. ing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the said £ ^ c. 50. Parifh ; and for altering, so far as relates to the said Parifh, certain Xl g?jV«, Afts for paving, cleaning and lighting the Streets and other Places 30 G. 3! £ within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent.	hi part repealed,

[8th April 1819.3 * x*

Cap. xxiv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 38 G.3.c.xlviii. sent Majessy, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wans-ford Bridge, and from Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon, (e)	[8th	April 1819.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe. New Tolls granted.']

?30

C xxv—xxvii.

59‘ GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

43 G.j. c.cxii. repealed.

46 G. 3. c.cxxxiii.

50 G. 3. c. cciii. 5* G. 3.

c. clxxxviii.

57 G. 3. c. viii. 46 G. ?. c. cxxxiii* further con* tinued.

31 0-3- *4*

xxv.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House formerly called	Spread Eagle

in the Hamlet of StraUon, in the Parifh of Biggie/wade, in the County of Bedford. (a )	[8th	1819.]

[Additional Trujlccs. New Tru/lees.]

Ca/. xxvi.

An Aft for further continuing, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commiflioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the Tame into Effeft.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts of His present Majefty's Reign, for making further Provifion for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery.	[19th May 1819.}

4 TT 7 HE REAS by virtue of an Aft palTed in the Thirty fecoad 4 VV Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad 4 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the 4 Suitors' Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Intereft * towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General^ 4 and for building Offices for the majlers in Ordinary in Chaneery, and 4 a public Office for the Suitors of the fold Court, and Offices for the 4 Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repofitones 4 for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the 4 Records and Proceedings of the Commijfoners of Bankrupts and Luna-4 tics ; and of several Afts in the said Aft mentioned, divers Sums 4 of Money have been, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court 4 of Chaneery, taken out of the common and general Cafh belonging 4 to the Suitors of the High Court of Chaneery, which lay dead 4 and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out 4 in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on 4 Government or Parliamentary Securities; and such Government 4 or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said 4 Aft passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majefty'* 4 Reign, carried to an Account, intituled4 Account of Monies placed 4 out tor the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High 4 Court of Chancery and out of the Dividends and Intereft. of the 4 Securities purchaied in pursuance of the said several Afts, the 4 several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments 4 directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time 4 made and paid, and the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce arising 4 from the laid Securities, beyond what was fufficieut to answer the 4 purposes of the said several Afts, and alfa the Intereft produced 4 from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Intereft and 4 annual Produce, have been from time to time, m pursuance of 4 the said last mentioned Aft* hid out in the Purchafe of Goven-

4 ment

A.D.1819.

5V GEO. UL

C xxviL

731

4 ment or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant * General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Ac-4 count, intituled i Account of Securities purchased with Surplus ‘ Intereft arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies 4 placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors 4 of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas by an Aft 55 G. 3. c.lxir. 4 palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An Ad for making further Provifion for the 4 Secretary and UJher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the 4 Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of 4 Chanceryy and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office, it is 4 (amongft other things) enacted, that the Surplus Intereft and 4 annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and 4 to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Afts of 4 Parliament therein before mentioned or referred to, or any of 4 them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of 4 the said Afts, shall from time to time be placed out on Govern-4 ment or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit 4 of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Aft of the 4 Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security 4 of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and which Fund 4 shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the 4 said Court of Chaneery, in case it shall at any time be necessary 4 to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which had been 4 or might be placed out on Securities : And Whereas by an Aft jg «_iTy. 4 Raffed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present 4 Majesty, intituled An Ad to provide additional Salaries to the present 4 Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chaneery, and to 4 provide additional Clerks for the said Office, and for making further 4 Provifion for the Clerks in the said Office, it is (amongft other things )

4 enacted, that the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce, which {hail 4 arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on 4 Securities, pursuant to the several Afts of Parliament therein-4 before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what 4 shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Afts, shall 4 from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account,

4 raised in pursuance of the said Aft of the Thirty second Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 Account of 4 Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the 4 Suitors of the High Court of Chaneery,’ and which Fund shall 4 be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors* of the 4 said Court of Chaneery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to 4 call in any Money of the said Suitors, which had been or might be 4 placed out on Securities: And Whereas since the palling of the 4 said recited Afts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, the Surplus Intereft and 4 annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was 4 sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Afts, and of the 4 several Afts therein respectively recited or referred to, and also the -4 Intereft produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus 4 Intereft and annual Produce, have been from time to time, by 4 virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery for that

4 ptnrpose, ,

732

C. xxvii.

59° GEO. Ill-

A.D. 1819.

55 G. 3. c. lxiv. S 5* and 58 G. 3. c. lxUi S 7* repealed.

Application of such Surplus Interest and annual Produce.

•	purpose, laid out in the Purchafe of Government or Parliamentary

*	Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the laid

*	Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled * Ac-4 count of Securities purchased with Surplus Intereft arising from

*	Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the 4 Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of

•	Chancery but although the said Inveftments were placed to the

• Credit of the said last mentioned Account, to which the fame 4 correctly belonged, yet nevertheless the fame were not authorised 4 to be so done by the said last mentioned Adis of the Fifty fifth 4 and Fifty eighth Years of His said present Majefty’s Reign, it 4 having been by Miftake thereby respectively diredfed that such 4 Surplus Intereft and annual Produce, when laid out in the Pur-4 chale of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of 4 the Accountant General of the said Court, should be carried to 4 the Account of Monies placed out for the. Benefit and better 4 Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : And 4 Whereas it is expedient and necessary that the Provifions in the 4 said last mentioned Adis should be explained, altered and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the said Adts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

* provides that the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce which should arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Adis of Parliament thereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what should be fofficient to answer the purposes of the said Adis, should from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and should be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Adi of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chaneery,’ and which Fund should be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chaneery, in case it should at any time be necessary to call in any Money of the said Suitors which had been or might be placed out on Securities, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce which hath arisen and shall arise from the Monies placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the said several Ads of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, or to the several Adis therein mentioned or referred to, or any of them, or to the said Orders of the said Court of Chaneery, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said several Adis ; and also the Intereft produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Intereft and annual Produce, shall from time to time be laid out in the Purchafe of Government or Parliamentary'Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said A€t of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled * Account

AJX1819.

59° GEO. in.

C. xxvii, xxviii.

738

count of Securities purchased with Surplus Intereft anting from v Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.*	'

III.	And be it further enacted, That out of the Intereft and Divi- Expenccaof dends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and Act, Ac. to be purchased as aforesaid, the Cofts incurred in procuring and how passing this Ad, and the Cofts, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in execution and in pursuance thereof, shall be

paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Lord Chan-for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Jfceeper cellor may

or Lords Commimoners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great	4110	So-

Britain, for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said cuntoea*

Court of Chaneery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the said several Ads, or to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Ad.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Suitors’ Money for and notwithstanding any of the Provifions contained in this Ad, to he celled in if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Monies

placed out pursuant to the said several Ads, or to the said Orders of demands of*

the said Court of Chancery or any of them, or to be placed out in gUcb Suitors.

purfuance of this Ad, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands

of the Suitors of the said Court of Chaneery, then and in such Cafe

the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of fuch

Monies to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame, and the

Surplus Intereft and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed,

to be fold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the faid

Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of

the common and general Cafh belonging to such Suitors.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxviii.

An Ad for eftabli(hing an Aflay Office in the City of Glasgow.

[19th May 1819.]

4 TT7 HE REAS the Gold and Silverfmiths and Plateworkers in 4 W and about the City of Glasgow in the County of Lanark,

•	and in the Weftem Parts of Scotland, suffer great Hardfhip and

*	Inconvenience in the Exercife of their Trades for want of A (layers 4 at a convenient Place to assay and touch their* Wrought Plate ;*

For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Molt Excellent MLajefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That Robert Gray, William Gray, Company JVtlliam Mitchelly Alexander Mitchell, Donald MiCalfum> James New- constituted lands, Philip Grierfon, Luke Frafer Newlands, William McCulloch 9 John Murray, James Brown Adjheady Robert Wilfon9 James Finlayfon9

Thomas

C. xxviii.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Their Style.

Warden! to be elected.

New Members to be chosen instead of those dying.

What sort of Persons to be chosen.

Selling Gold Plate not marked as herein mentioned.

Thomas Finlayfon, Robert Reid, John Reid, Robert Duncan, Walter Gray, Peter A it ken, David Macdonald, James Downie, John Paterfon* Andrew Burrell\ John Heron, William Hannay, Robert Turnbull and James Allan, Gold and Silverfmiths and Plateworkers in and about Glasgow, shall be and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said City of Glasgow, and shall be called and known by the Name of The Glasgow Goldfmitbs9 Company, and shall be Members of such Company so long as they live and reside in Inch Town, or within Forty Miles to the West and South thereof; which Company shall be enabled and is hereby authorised, on or before the First Day of July next, to meet at some convenient Place within the said City, and choose Four fit and proper Perfons re-fident in the said City, or within Ten Miles thereof, by Majority of Voices, to be the Wardens of the said Company in the said City, which (aid Wardens shall continue for the Space of One Year and no longer, unless re-elefted by the Company in manner aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be enabled, and is hereby authorised and directed annually on the First Monday in July in every Year, out of fit and proper Perfons resident in the said City, or within Forty Miles to the West and South thereof, to choose, by a Majority of Members present at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, One or more Perfon or Perfons into the said Company in the place and (lead of such of the said Company who shall have died or removed to a greater Diftance than Forty Miles as aforesaid from the said City ; and also to choose as Members of the said Company such additional fit and proper Perfon or Perfons as such Majority may deem expedient or necessary, from among such Perfons as may from time to time lawfully carry on the Trade of Goldfmiths or Silverfmiths or Plateworkers in Glasgow, or within the Diftance thereof aforesaid ; and that immediately thereafter such Company shall be so filled up or chosen in manner aforesaid, they shall be enabled and are hereby authorised and directed to proceed to the Eleftion of the Four Wardens for the Year ensuing in manner aforesaid ; and if any of the said Wardens so chosen as aforesaid shall happen to die or remove to a greater Diftance than Ten Miles out of Glasgow as aforesaid, then the said Company shall within One Month after such Death or Removal, choose another Perfon in manner aforesaid to be Warden in his Room, and such Perfon shall be and is hereby authorised and required to aft accordingly for the Remainder of that Year.

III.	And be it further enacted, That no Gold or Silverfmith or Plateworker in Glasgow, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforesaid, shall knowingly put to sale, exchange or fell any Gold Veffd, Plate, or Manufafture of Gold made or wrought in the said City, or within the Diftance aforesaid, after the First Day of July next, or export the fame out of Great Britain, until such time as such VefTel, Plate, or manufafturcd Gold (fuch Gold Plate being of the Standard of Twenty two Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy, or of the Standard of Eighteen Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy ; such last mentioned Standard being marked with the Number Eighteen in addition to the Marks after mentioned) shall be marked as follows; that is to fay, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letter of his Christian and Surname,

A.D. 1819.

39° GEO. III.

C xxviii

735

name, and also with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the said Company, to denote the Goodnefs thereof, and to (hew that the fame was afTayed $ and also with a diftin6t variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Ele&ion of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, upon pain that all such Gold Plate or other manufa&ured Gold which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged or exported, contrary to this A61, shall be forfeited, Penalty, or the Value thereof, One Moiety thereof to The King’s Majesty,

His Heirs and Succeffors, and die other Moiety thereof to fucli Perfon or Perfons as will sue for the fame, to be recovered by A&ion in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting always such things as by reason of their Smallnefs or Thinnels are not capable of receiving a Touch ; and excepting also such Articles as are specially excepted by an A6t of the Twelfth Year of the is G. %. e.a6. Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS for the better preventing Frauds and Abufes in Gold and Silver Wares ; and by another A6f of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of *4 G. 3. €.53. His present Majesty, intituled An AS for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Gold or Silverfmith or Selling Silver Plateworker in Glafgotv, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforesaid, Plate net shall knowingly put to sale, exchange or fell any Silver Veffel, Plate, maI*ed as or Manufafture of Silver made or wrought in the said City, or within the aforesaid Diftance thereof, after the First Day of July U next, or export the fame out of Great Britain, until such time as such Veffel, Plate, or manufa&ured Silver (fuch Silver Plate being of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of Fine Silver per Pound Troy) shall be marked as follows ; that is to fay, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letter of his Christian and Surname, and also with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the said Company, to denote the Goodnefs thereof, and to (hew that the fame was allayed ; and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Ele&ion of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, or Silver Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights to be marked as aforesaid, and with the additional Mark hereinafter mentioned, upon pain that all such Silver Veffels,

Plate, or other manufa&ured Silver which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged or exported contrary to this A61, shall be for- Penalty, feited, or the Value thereof. One Moiety thereof to The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Perfon or Perfons as will sue for the fame, to be recovered by A61ion in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting such things as by reason of their Smallnefs or Thinnefs are not capable of receiving a Touch; and also excepting the several Wares of Silver as are specially excepted by the said recited A€Ls of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty fourth of His present Majesty, and also by another A& passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present 3° G 3, 9.31. Majesty, intituled An AS to alter so much of an AS made ui the Twelfth 7'ear of the Reign. of His late Majesty King George the

Second,

73«

C.XXviii.

58« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

H G. 3. c. 5J.

The Mark of the Company.

An Aasayer or Aasayen to be appointed.

To enter into Bond to the Master of the Mint in Scotland.

The Awayer's Oath.

Second, intituled 4 An AS for the better preventing Frauds and-Abufes 4 in Gold and Silver Wares f and also fa much of another A& made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the peculiar Mark of the said Company directed to be used as aforesaid shall be the Arms of the City of Glajgow.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall from time to time elect and choose in manner aforesaid One or more able and (kilful Perfon or Perfons experienced in the allaying of Gold and Silver to be the A flayer or A flayers, and that such Perfon or Perfons so chosen shall continue in the said Office during his or their Life or Lives, unless he or they shall neglect to attend the said Bufinefs, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office of Aflayer; for which said Aflayer or Aflayers, it shall and may be lawful to detain Eight Grains only from every Pound Troy of Silver he or they shall assay, Four Grains whereof shall be put into the Box or Diet, and the other Four Grains shall be allowed him towards his Wade and Spillings in making the (aid Allays; and every Aflayer or Aflayers chosen in pursuance of this A61 immediately sifter his or their Ele&ion or Ele&ions, and before he or they take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Office, shall enter into a Bond or Obligation to the Matter of His'Majefty’s Mint in Scotland for the time being, with Two fuffi-cient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Matter, in the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds for the Execution of the said Office, and for the due Payment of all such Fines and Sums of Money as are and shall be charged or imposed on him or them by this A6t for Negled or Fraud in the Execution of the said Office, and shall also take and subscribe the Oath following ; videlicet,

4 T A. B. do swear, That I will be faithful and true to our Sove-4 reign Lord King George, and will, so long as I continue an ‘ Aflayer, well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office, and no 4 undue Profit to myself take, or to any other Perfon whatfoevpr, 4 whether the fame be or not for my own Benefit, to the Hurt or 4 Hindrance of any Perfon that is Owner or Bringer of any Gold 4 or Silver in Plate to be assayed, except of Wrought Plate only, 4 Four Grains of Silver of every Pound Weight to be taken and 4 put into the Diet Box, and other Four Grains of Silver to be 4 taken likewise of every Pound Weight of Silver Plate wrought 4 (and not otherwrife) towards my Watte and Spillings in making 4 the said Aflays ; and that I will touch no Gold or Silver but what 4 shall be of the Goodnefs of and according to the Standard of 4 Great Britain, which for the time being is or shall be appointed 4 by Law for Wrought Plate, or better; and all such Gold and 4 Sliver respectively as shall be brought to me to be touched, I will 4 carefully examine, to fee if the Gold be of all one Sort of Gold,

4 and the Silver of one Sort of Silver, and of good and sufficient 4 Workman ship, and whether all the Pieces be fixed together that 4 are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged 4 with unnecessary Solder, and if I find the fame liable to any of the

4 Obje&ions,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.xxviii.

737

4 Obje&ions aforesaid I will not assay the fame; and that I will 1 truly fet down in Writing all such Gold and Silver as shall be

•	brought to me to be touched, and the fame at all times as I shall be

•	required will duly and truly deliver again (except eight Grains 4 as aforefaid), and will true Accounts make thereof when required 4 by the Wardens of the Company wherein I am chosen A flayer t 4 and that I will no Allays make of things new wrought before 4 that they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owner 4 thereof; and that I will, according to the bed of my Skill and

•	Judgment, make every Aflay so and in such fort and manner as

4 may bed ascertain the true intrinsic Standard of such Plate so to 4 be allayed ; and that I will not put or wittingly suffer to be put 4 into the aforesaid Box any Gold or Silver but such respectively as 4 has been feraped and taken in my Prefence from the Plate which 4 I shall assay and pass for Standard ; and that I will not, by myself 4 or in Partnerlhip with any other Perfon, directly or indirectly, be 4 concerned in the buying or felling of Gold or Silver Builion, or in 4 the manufa&uring of Wrought Plate.	So	help me GOD.1

Which Oath the Lord Provofl of the City of Glasgow for the time being, or in his Abfence, the Senior Magiftrate of the said City, is hereby required and empowered to adminiiler to such AlTayer.

VII.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it enabled by the peat** or Authority aforesaid, That if any Perfon chosen AlTayer in pursuance jayf/anotlier*" of this A61 shall neglect to attend the said Bufinefs, or shall die, or ^y be ap_

be rendered incapable of executing the said Office* that then and in pointed*, either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to elect and choose in manner aforesaid another fit and proper Perfon to be the Allayer in the place and dead of the AlTayer so negle6ting or dying or being incapable of executing the laid Office.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall An Asspy Office

find and provide, within the said City of Glasgow, a proper Place be provided for an Office for receiving in, assaying and delivering out all W:rought *	*	■

Plate that shall be brought to be allayed in pursuance of this A&5

and that all Wrought Plate that shall be there brought for the

purpose aforesaid, shall be weighed and examined by the AlTayer;

and i£ on view thereof, and after weighing the fame in Water, and Proceedings in

trying the Effe& of Magnetifm, the AlTayer shall have suspicion of caste of Assayer

Iron or other base Metal being introduced, or wrought into or in- suspecting that

corporated therewith, or concealed therein, he shall thereon forthwitn

warn the Four Wardens to attend, and they shall, along with the Wrought Plate

AlTayer, fee if such Plate brought to be assayed be all of one Sort brought there

of Gold or Silver, and of good and sufficient Workmanlhip, and to be assayed.

whether all the Pieces be affixed together that are intended to be

affixed together, and whether it be marked with the Maker or Owner’s*

Mark, or be not charged with unnecessary Solder; and that if it shall be found that such Plate is liable to all or any of the Obje&ions aforesaid, that then and in every such Cafe the fame shall be returned without any Aflay made thereof; but if such Plate shall be found free from all the Obje&ions aforesaid, then there shall be drawn, feraped or cut off so much from each Piece, in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the Kate of Eight Grains for every Pound Weight; and the Drawings* Scrapings or 59 G*o. III.	3	B	Cuttings

738

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819*

Plate suspected may be cut in Presence of Wardens, &c. and if base) Metal, &c. found, Plate may be defaced.

Kecom pence for Damage, when no base Metal, &€• found.

Assayer to report to Wardens.

Proceedings

thereon.

Cuttings off shall immediately after be divided into Two Moieties; and a Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from each Piece, be delivered to the Afsayer, wherewith to make his A flays; and the other Moiety shall be locked up with Two different Locks in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, (which shall be called the A flayer's Box,) and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by the Senior Warden and Affayer of the said Company.

IX* And be it further enacted, That if on view of any of the said Plate so brought to be affayed, and after weighing the fame in Water, and trying the Effe& of Magnetifm, the Wardens and Afsayer, or either of them, when called as aforesaid, shall have suspicion of Iron or other base Metal being introduced, wrought into, or concealed in any Piece of Plate so brought to be affayed, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Affayer to cut the fame, or cause the fame in their Prefence to be cut 5 and if upon cutting thereof, any unnecessary Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, the (aid Piece of Plate shall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorised and directed to break and deface the fame; and the laid Plate, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited to the said Wardens and Afsayer, and the Produce thereof be by them applied towards the Expences of the Affay Office.

X.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if on cutting such Plate as aforesaid, no unnecessary Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, that then and in such Cafe the said Wardens and Affayer shall forthwith make a Recompence and Satif-fa&ion in Money to the Owner of such Plate, to the frill Amount of the Damage done to the fame, and charge the fame to the Account of the Expences of the Affay Office.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off of each Piece lo to be brought to the Affay Office as aforesaid, shall be put in separate Papers, and marked with corresponding Numbers, and the Affayer shall make his Report to the Wardens upon each Piece; and such of the fdd Numbers as the Affayer shall report to be worse than Standard, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be broke to Pieces in the Prefence of the said Wardens to be called as aforesaid, and the Afsayer, and returned to the Owner; and such Numbers as the said Affayer shall report to be Standard, or better, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be marked by the Affayer with the Company’s Mark, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of such Plate (he paying for making the Affay thereof such Sums of Money as are hereinafter directed to be paid for the fame) ; and the Scrapings belonging to such corresponding Numbers which shall be so reported Standard or better, shall be taken out of the #Aflayer*8 Box and be folded up, and the Name of the Maker of

the Plate indorsed thereon, and deposited in a Box to be provided for that Purpofe (which shall be called the Diet Box), and which Box shall be locked with Two different Locks, and the refpc&ivc Keys thereof shall be kept by One of the said Wardens and Allayer, and which said Box IhaU never after be opened but in the Prefence of the said Wardens and Afsayer, or any of the Diet taken thereout but for the purpose of Trial uiereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned; and the Moiety of the Scrapings, Drawings or Cuttings

7	off

A.D.1819.

59® GEO- III.

739

C.*xxviii.

off which shall be delivered to the Allayer for the purpose of allaying, or so much thereof as shall remain after such rrocess, shall be put together in the A flayer’s Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, to be disposed of as by this Aft is hereinafter directed.

XII.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if J" pass any Plate so brought to be affayed shall be reported to be of the ^rmarhi ^ Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights, or better, that then iud^n the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from such Dfet Boa. Plate shall be put in the Diet Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, and not blended with the other Diet, to

the intent that the Diet of Plate of each of the aforesaid Standards may be separately tried on the annual Trial of the Diet hereinafter directed; and such Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights shall be marked with the additional Mark of the Figure of Britannia.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That on or before the First Gold and Si-Day of July next, every Goldsmith, Silverfmith or Plateworker inha- versmiths to biting the City of Glajgotv aforesaid, or within the Diftance thereof ??lar the“r, aforesaid; and also every Perfon who at any time after the said Firll

Day of July next shall follow the Trade of a Goldsmith, Silverfmith Wardens wither Plateworker, before he takes upon him to exercise any of the out Fee. said Trades, within the Limits aforesaid, shall enter his Name, and his Mark and Place of Abode with the Wardens of the said Company, which shall be done by the said Wardens upon demand, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Goldsmith, Silverfmith or Not entering Plateworker shall not enter his Name and Mark, and Place of Abode Name, Ac. as aforesaid, or shall strike any other Mark on Plate than what is so entered, such Goldsmith, Silverfmith or Plateworker so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* to be recovered and disposed Penalty jcL of as aforesaid.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon whatsoever Forging, Ac. shall caff, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be caff, forged Marks;

or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used or to be used for marking Plate in pursuance of this Aft, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall caff, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be caff, forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Imprefiion in imitation of or to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Imprefiion made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gol4 or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or or marking Ramped, any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate with any Mark or Stamp ***** whim hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of, or *°rged Marks, to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the laid Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of tnem; or shall transpose or remove, or or removing oaufe or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of Marks to other Wrought Plate to' another, or to any Plated Veffel, or to any Veffel	&c*

of bale Metal, any Mark, Stamp or Imprefiion made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or eithor of them ; or shall fell, exchange or expose to sale, or selling or or export out of Scotland^ any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate, or exporting put ,

9 B 2	any	Scotland,

740

Plate, Ac. with forged Marks;

or haring in Possession forged Marks.

Transportation for 14 Years. Stamping Plated Goods and base MetaL

Penalty xocL Plate (Exception) to be marked with the Mark of the Company.

Fee for mark* ing.

Proviso for small Parcels or Pieces.

Assayer not to disclose Patterns;

C.xxviii.	.	59°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1819

any Veffel of bale Metal, with any filch forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp for Impreflion thereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impreffion which hath been or shall be tranfpoled or removed from any other Piece of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp or Impreffion to be forged, counterfeited or transposed or removed as aforesaid ; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, every such Perfon offending in any, each or either of the Cafes aforesaid, being thereof lawfully con-vided, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Working Goldfmith or Silversmith, or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, shall (trike or cause to be (truck any Letter or Letters upon any Veffel or other thing made of Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, or upon Metal Veffel or other thing made to look like Gold or Silver, such Perfon or Perfons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and ffifpofed of as aforesaid.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Goldfinith, Silverfmith and Plateworker, shall firff fix his or their Mark upon his or their Plate which shall be made from and after the First Day of July next (except such things which, by reason of their SmaUnels or Thumess, are not capable of receiving the Touch, and alio excepting the several Wares excepted by the said recited Ads), and shall then bring or fend the fame to the Office of the laid Company, where they shall have entered their Mark and Place of Abode, and the fame shall be there affayed according to this Ad ; and if by the Affayer it shall be found to be of the Finenefs of Standard which for the time being is orj shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, or better, then the fame shall be marked with the Mark of the said Company, and of the Aflayer; and that it flxafl and may be lawful to and for the said Afsayer, or such other Perfon as the Wardens for the time being of the laid Company shall appoint, to a(k, demand, take and receive of and from all and every such Perfon and Perfons as shall from time to time bring to the AJay Office belonging to the said Company any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Plate to be affayed, tried and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards as they (haU think fit, lo as such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling and b;xpence lor every Pound Troy of Plate, and so proportionality for every greater or less Quantity so affayed and marked : Provided nevertheless, that if any Parcel or (ingle Piece of Wrought Plate shall be brought or lent to the said Office to be affayed, which, according to the Rate or Price hereinbefore limited, shall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, then there (haU be paid for affaying and marking such Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate, a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, any thing hereiu contained to the contrary in anywise notwithilanding.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Aiayers so to be chosen by virtue of this Ad as aforesaid, shall not discover by

Defcripbon,

A.D.181&

59° GEO. IIL

C. xxviii.

741

Description, in Words or otherwise, to any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, any Pattern, Delign or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brought or to be brought to the Office to be affayed as aforesaid, or permit the fame to be viewed or seen by any Perfon whatsoever but the Wardens and other Perfons necessarily employed or to be employed in the said Office ; and also shall keep a Book or to keep a Book Books wherein shall be entered the Names of every Owner of Plate for Entry of brought to be allayed, and the Affortment of Plate a flayed, and Qirn^of an Account of the Money received for the affaying thereof, and pute brought likewise an Account of the Monies arifmg from the Scrapings and to be assayed. Cuttings off of the said Plate so brought to be affayed, when the fame shall be fold in manner hereinafter directed, and also ~n Account of the Officers and Servants, Salaries and Wages, and other incidental Expences attending the carrying this Adi into execution $ and that every Member of the said Company shall have free Accefs to the said Books and Infpedfcion thereof; and any A flayer who shall Amycr offend-fo discover any Pattern or Invention as aforesaid, shall, for every such “g»	t

Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, Penalty icl. to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter prescribed.

XVIIL And be it further enacted, That the Marks of the said Mark* to bo Company shall be locked up in a Box, whereof the Key shall be *°ckad up. kept by the Affayer of the said Company, to be used by him for the purpose of marking the Plate which shall have been affayed and reported Standard; and if the Affayer shall mark or suffer to be Marking Plain marked with the Company’s Mark any Plate that has not been duly °<* duly as-affayed and found Standard, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of **?**,

Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and diipofed of in manner here- Penalty xcl. inafter mentioned, and shall be turned out or his Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercising the Office of an Affayer.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Affayer of the said Scraping*, Ac. Company shall Four times in every Year duly weigh, m the Prefence to ^

of the Wardens of the said Company, all the Scrapings and Cuttings	n

off of the Silver deposited in the Allayer’s Box, after Report thereof

made as aforesaid, and enter the true Weight thereof m a Book to

be kept for that Purpofe ; and that when the fame is so weighed

and entered, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens

to fell and dispose thereof, and after entering an Account of the

Produce thereof in the Book belonging to such Company, containing

their Receipts and Payments for and on the Account of the Allay

Office, pay and apply the fame for and towards such Payments.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That the Diet Box belonging to Diet Box to be

the said Company shall once in every Year be opened in the Prelence yearly to of the Affayer and the Four Wardens, and the Diet therein be taken	Edin-

out and carefully packed up, and secured and sealed with the refpec- ur^

tive Seals of the said Wardens and Afsayer, and by them in each other’s Prefence delivered to a Meffenger, to be by him conveyed to His Majcfty’s Mint at Edinburgh, and delivered to the Matter of the Mint for Scotland.\ or his Deputy, or other Perfon or Perfons from tinie to time lawfully appointed and authorised to receive the fame, taking a Receipt from {uch Perfon who shall receive it for the fame, which Receipt the said Mailer of the Mint for Scotland\ or his Deputy, are hereby directed to give ; and that the Meffenger conveying Mmenger to the fame shall, at the time of the delivering thereof, make Oath before make Oath as the laid Matter or his Deputy (which Oath the said Matter or his bawin man-

3B3	Deputy

748

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Diet to be tried by Master of Mint at Edinburgh.

Master to girt Notice thereof to Aasayer.

If Diet tot Standard.

Penalty iocl. and Incapacity.

No Profit to be made by the Company.

Deputy are kereby authored and directed to adminifter), that he received the Box or Parcel (as the case may be) from the Wardens and A flayer of the Company, so sealed as on tne Delivery thereof, and that the fame had not been opened after he had so received the fame.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland for the time being, or his Deputy, shall, within Fourteen Days next after the said Diet shall have been so delivered, fix and appoint a time for the Trial of the said Diet by The King’s A flay Mailer of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland, before such Perfon or Perfons as ihall from time to time be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or any Three or more of them, for the time being, for the Trial of Gold and Silver Plate at Edinburgh; and that the said Mailer of the Mint or his Deputy ihall, by Letter to be sent by the General Poll, give such Affayer whose Diet is to be tried, Notice, of the time and Place appointed for such Trial, that he may ^e present if he thinks fit; and on that Day whereon the Perfon or Perions to be apnointed from time to time as aforesaid ihall so appoint, the Trial mail be proceeded in, in the Manner and under the fame Regulations, in and under which Trials of Wrought Plate are proceeded in and made in Edinburgh; and, if upon such Trial the fame ihall be found of the Standard Finenefs, or better, then and in such Cafe His Majefty’s said Afiay Mailer for Scotland9 or his Deputy, ihall return the (aid Diet to or to the Order of the Wardens ana Aflay Matter of the Company aforesaid, who are hereby authorised to fell and dispose thereof, and having entered the Produce thereof in the Book of Act counts of the Receipts and Payments of the said Company, pay and apply such Produce for and towards the necessary Expence of the said Company.

XXIL Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if on the said Trial the said Diet ihall be found not of Standard Fine-nefs, according to the respective Standards thereof, but worse, then and in such Cale the Affayer belonging to the said Company, whose Diet, ihall be so tried, ihall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and ihall ever after be rendered incapable of acting as an Affayer.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared. That in case the said Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards hereby given, granted or allowed to the said Company for the affaying and marking Wrought Plate, ihall raise more Money than Ihall be fuf-ficient to defray the Expence of obtaining and patting this Ad, and the necessary Expences of the said Affay Offices, then the Overplus Money (it any) ihall be applied by the said Company from time to time in the prosecuting Offenders against this Ad; and if such Profecutions ihall not require the Whole of such Overplus, then and in such Cafe the said Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards ihall afterwards be lessened in proportion by the said Company ; and they are hereby required to take so much less for the afsaying, trying and marking Wrought Plate for the future, as will reduce the Sum to be taken to such a Sum as will answer the purposes aforesaid only, without bringing any Profit to the said Company ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwrth-ffcmaing.

XXIV .And

59° GEO* III.

C. xkviii.

743

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Wardens and Affayer Trial Pieces to of the said Company shall from time to time, when required by the

Matter of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland, or his Depute, transmit jj the Mint, to the said Matter or nis Depute, at the Office of His Majefty’s Mint at Edinburgh, Specimens of the Trial Pieces used by the said Company, or their Wardens and Aflayers, in trying and touching the Wrought Plate brought to the said Company to bo by them assayed, so that the Purity of the Trial Pieces used by the said Company may be at all times known, and subject to the Examination of the said Matter and his Deputy.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That the laid Company shall, Tecs of the ^

before the A flay of their Diet, yearly and every Year pay to the	°*

Matter of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland, or his Deputy, for the y^rly^Trials.# Ufe of his Deputy, such and the like Fees, Dues or Recompences

as are for the time paid by the Workers of Gold and Silver Plate in Edinburgh.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Company may lawful to and for the laid Company, or the major Part of them, and

they are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to make Bye Laws, Rules and Orders for the well Government and Management of their Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of the respective Officers, and for fixing die time and manner for receiving in and delivering out Plate brought to be assayed, and for every other purpose relative to the Condu& or Management of such Office, and to enforce Obfervance thereof by the imposition and Exa&ion of Penalties not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, from any Peifon or Perfons acting in oppolition to such Bye Laws,

Rules and Orders : Provided always, that such Bye Laws, Rules Proviso, and Orders do not in any respect contradict or be inconliftent with this A&, or the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and afie6t only the Members, Officers, Servants, and others belonging to the said Company.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That each of the Wardens of the said Company shall, after his Eledtion, and before he takes upon him the Execution of the said Office, take and subscribe the following Oath:

* T j4. B. do swear, That I will, so long as I continue a Warden, Orth of

*	well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office; and that Wardens.

*	I will not discover, by Description in Words or otherwise, to any

*	Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, any Pattern, Defign or Invention of € any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate, brought or to be brought to 4 the said Office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the 4 fame so be viewed or seen by any Perfon whomsoever, but the Per-

*	Sons neceflarfly employed or to be employed in the Aflay Office;

*	and that I will in all things conform to the Rules laid down in 4 an A& of Parliament patted in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Aft.]

‘ So help me GOD/

Which Oath die Lord Provoft of the City of Glafgovo, or in his Abfence, the Senior Magiftrate for the time, is hereby required and empowered to administer to such Wardens.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Per- Master of the fons shall at any time hereafter recover Judgment in any Court Mint in Scot-

3B4	againft	Undmayiwrign

74*

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 18 19.

over Assayer’a Bond to Persons recovering Judgment against Assayer.

Assignee may proceed thereon.

Costs of Suit in such Action.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not exceeding lol.

App^.

against any Aflay Mafter of the Company aforesaid, for any Penalty imposed on him by this A61 for Negleft or Fraud in the Execution of his Office, and such Penalty, together with the Cods adjudged, shall not be paid within the time prescribed by that Court wherein such Judgment shall be obtained, that then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mafter of His Majefty’s Mint in Scotland for the time being, and he is hereby authorised and directed to assign over to such Perfon or Perfons so recovering such Judgment the said Bond or Obligation so directed to be entered into by the said Aflaver and his Sureties to the Mafter of His Majefty’s Mint as aforesaid, in order to enable such Perfon or Perfons to bring one or more Aftion or Aftions thereon against such Aftayer and his Sureties or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftra-tors of them or either of them, for the Recovery of such Penalty so recovered against the A flayer, together with the Cofts adjudged; and the Affignee to the said Bond as aforesaid shall be entitled to proceed thereon, and on the Aflignation thereof, by summary Diligence against the said Aftayer and other Obligants therein.

XXIX.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if in any Adlion to be brought on the said Bond as Laft aforesaid the Plaintiff be nonsuited, that then the Cofts of Nonfuit shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Aflignee of said Bond, and that the Mafter of His Majefty’s Mint be wholly exonerated from all Ex-pences to be incurred in any Diligence raised upon the said Bond to be assigned by him as aforesaid, any Law, Ulage or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That in. all Cafes where any Fines or Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds are imposed by this Aft, the Profecution for the Offence for the Commiflion whereof such Fines or Penalties are fought to be recovered shall be by summary Complaint before any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Offence shall occur; and such Jufticc or Justices shall and may grant summary Warrant for fum-moning Evidence, and thereupon proceed against the Party or Parties in a summary Way ; and upon Conviftion by the Confeffibn of the Offender, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies, or other Evidence competent by the Law of Scotland, if the Penalty be not inllantly paid, the Goods and Effefts of the Offender or Offenders may be distrained and fold by the Warrant of such Jufticc or Justices; and in case there shall not be found sufficient Effefts, the Offender or Offenders may be committed to any Gaol within the Jurifdiftion of such Juftice or Justices until the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Period of Commitment : Provided always, that in case of distraining as aforesaid, the Overplus, after Payment of the Penalty, and all Charges and Ex-pences, shall be returned to the Owner; and the Penalties to be so recovered shall be applied in the fame Way as Plate forfeited for not being properly marked is by this Aft directed to be applied; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Juftice or Justices, or they shall or may, upon giving Security to make good such Sentence and to pay such Cofts as may be ordered in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Semons for the County in which such Judgment shall be

2	given;

59* GEO. III.

C. xxviii—xxxiii.

745

given ; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Appellant to pay the Coils of such Appeal, and the Determination or such Justices shall be final, and not liable to Sufpension, Advocation or Redudion.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Aftion or Suit Actions (Ex-to be brought or prosecuted under this Ad, other than Adions for

or on account of Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds, shall be ExcheqUerin brought in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland.	Scotland

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be public Act. deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Perfons whatsoever, without specially pleading the fame.

Cap• xxix.

An Ad for altering and amending an Ad for making and maintaining 57 G«3* a Navigable Canal from the* Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to Join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxx.

A» Ad for improving the Lighthoufe on the Ifle of Anglesea, belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Ads relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.	[19th	May	1819.]

\Afts rented—8 Anne, c. 12.	3 G. 1. (a) 11 G. 2. c. 32. 2 G. 3.

c. 86. 25 G. 3. c. 15. 39 G. 3. c. lix. 51 G. 3. c. cxlni. 53 G. 3. c. clvi.]

{a) [Tbit Aft does not appear amongftthe Chapters in the common printed Editions, except that in Rahhbfs Edition of the Statutes it is the fourth of several Titles of Afts at the end of 3 G. 1. r. 21, and which are there dated to be taken from the Roll.’]

Cap. xxxi.

An Ad to enable the Commissioners for improving the Harbour of 56 O.3. c.lxxxi. New Sh or eh am, in the County of Sufsex, to raise more Money for completing the said Harbour and the Works thereto belonging.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Ad for supplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of the Townfhip of Habergham Eaves, both in the Parifh of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancafler•

[19th May 1819.]

1	Cap. xxxiii.

An Ad to alter and amend an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His 54 O. 3.«. c. present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a New Court House and other Offices for the City and County ox Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additioual Gaol for the (aid City and County, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

7*6

C.xxxiv—xliiu

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

50 0.3 c.xlE

45 G.3. c. xcix. repealed.

18 G.3.C.98. 40 G. 3. c.iniL continued.

30 G. 1. c. 69. 19 G. 3. c. 107. 40 G.3. c. mi. continued.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Ad for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lane after. [19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint Luke, ChAfeay in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Ad for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parifh of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.	[19th	May 1819.]

Cap. xxx vii.

An Ad for defraying the Expences incurred in taking down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hildt, in the Parifh of Jarrow, in the County Palatine ot Durham.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Ad for building a Chapel of Eafe in the Parifh of Bofton, in the County of Lincoln.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxxix.

An A61 for establishing a Seled Veftry in the Parifh of Saint Panerasf in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xl.

An Ad for lighting the City of CarTtJle, and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xli.

An Ad for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton. (a)	[19th	May 1819.]

[ One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. xlii.

An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His pre-fent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloueejler to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xliii.

An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of the Reign pf His late and prefect Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as nelate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County

of

59° GEO. III.

C.xliii—idi*.

747

of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddn to Mold\ in the said County of Flint. (c)	[19th May 18x9.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll

on Sunday.']

CapxUt.

An Ad for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. (b)	[19th May 1819.3

[Additional Tru/lees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlv.

An Ad for more effectually repairing the Road from Brickers Bam, in the Parifli of Cor/ham9 in the County of Wilts9 to the Road leading from

M (*)

Cap. xlvi.

Aa Ad far enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Evejbam Bridge, in the County of WorceJUr9 to Alcejler, in the County of Warwick, (b)

[19th May 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlviu

An Ad far continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His present Majeity, for repairing the Road leading from Kilbum Brtdge9 in the County of Middlefex9 to Sparrow1 s Herne, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[19th May 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Ad far enlarging the Term and Powers of several Ads of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorcbefer, to Afkerwell Hill; and from Hamham Hill afore-said, to a House called Mafler Baker's Farmbouse, in the Counties of Wilts and Dorfet• (c)	[19th	May 1819.]

[AdAtumMTruftees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlix.

An Ad far repairing the Road from Bromjgrove in the County of Wortefer to Birmingham in the County of Warwick, (a)

[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Tnflees. Royal Family exempt‘ from Toll.]

Kingfdown to Bath Eafton9 in the County of Somer-

[19th May 1819.I

£Additional Tru/lees.]

‘ 39 0.3 c lxiiL repealed.

30 Q.i. c. 46 19 6.3. c.i is. 41 O. 3. Vr K.

c. xvilL all repealed.

18 G. 3. c. 93. 39 G. 3. c. xi. both in part repealed, § a.

19 G .3 c. 1 so. 39 G 3 c. xiii. continued.

39 G. 1. c. 54. s G. 3. c. 6*.

17 G. 3. c. 8t. 38G. 3.C. xxvii* continued.

13 G.i.c. 15. si G.s €.33. 11 G.3. c.93. 30 G. 3. e.ioi« all in part

repealed.

C. 1—Ivi.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

37 G. 3. c. 17*

16 G. 3. c.75. 36 G.3. c. 144-48 G.3.c.zzxi!u all repealed.

40 G. 3. c.lxf. continued/

SS G.3.C.I*.

3a G. a. c. 54* 19 G. 3. e. 83. 38 G. 3. c. zxziz. continued.

19 G. 3.C.91 continued.

38 G. 3. c. lzzi. repealed.

Cap. 1.

An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an A 61 of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorrington, and other Roads in the said Ad mentioned, in the County of Salop. (4)	[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trufiee/.]

Cap• li.

An Ad for more effectually repairing the Road from Clitberoe to IVbailey, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brook9 in the •County Palatine of Lancqjler; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and Wballey. (a)	[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trufees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lii.

An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset, palling through or near the Town of Yeovil; and for repairing the Roadfrom Mudford Bridge to Mar/lon Elm, in the said County of Somerset. (a)	[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Tnfees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. Hii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, for repairing the Road from Dew/bury to Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York. (c)	[19th May 1819.]

[New Trufees. Additional Trufees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. Hv.

An Ad for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edgbill, in the County of Warwick, (b)	[19th May 181&]

[Additional Trufees.]

Cap. It.

An Ad for improving the Harbour of Bade, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour of Bade to or near the village of Tbombury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the lakl Counties of Cornwall and Devon.	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lvi.

An Ad for more effeduafly maintaining and amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge to the Town of Manchefier, in the County Pah-tine of Lancafer. (a)	[14th	1819.]

[AdditionalTrufims. One Half additional Tollfrom Occupiers ofTraford

House.]

A.D. 181ft.

59’ GEO. III.

C. lvii—lxiii.

749

Cap. Ini.

An Ad for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin ; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein. (£) [14th June 1819.]

[Half Toll only between Forres and Findbom. Royal Family exempt

Cap. lviii.

An ACt for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in tho Counties of Durham and Berwick, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned ; and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed. (3)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trufiees.]

Cap. lix.

An ACt for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Ads for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries• (h)	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lx.

An ACt to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and

. several Roads communicating therewith; for transferring the Road from IVormelow Turnp to Harewood, from the. Madley to the Hertford Diitrid, ana for making a new Road from the Tuft Wood, in the Parifh of Heptland, to the Confines of the Parifli of Ganerew, in the County of Hereford, as a Third Diftrid. (c)

[14th June 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxi.

An Ad for railing further Sums of Money for building and fup-porting the Meath Hofpital and County of Dublin Infirmary.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxii.

An Ad for amending several Ads of His present Majesty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.	[	14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Ad for repairing and altering,' and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parilh Church of Saint John the Baptift, Peter-borough, in the County of Northampton. \ [14th June 1819.]

4 5 G.3. 3. c xlvi. repealed without Prejudice to Creditors.

42 G.3. c.civil. 50 G. 3. c. lxi. both repealed.

29 G. 3. c. 79. 31 G.3. e. 95. 38 G. 3. c. xx.

50 G.t. c.lxxiii. revived and continued.

56 G. 3.(I.)

55 G. 3. c. Ixxxi. in part repealed.

8 G.3. e.36. in part repealed.

25	G. 3. c. 99.

26	G. 3. c. 30.

C. lxiv—lxxiii.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

3» 0.3. C.IOI. 33 G. 3. c. 107. 39 & 40 G. s* c. Wii. 4 7G.3. sms 8. c. cxiii. all in purl rt-pesled.

51 G.3.c.cict: 53 G.3«c.xzzil. j6 G.3. c.lxxn. ill in pvt repealed.

46 G. 3. e.cxu?i.

51 G.3.C. cxiH.

4G.3.C. 60. in pert repealed. %i G«3«c. /4*

7 G.3. r.u. (I.) in part repealed.

Cap. lxiv.

An Ad to alter and amend the several Ads passed far making and maintaining the Lancaster Canal Navigation. [14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxv.

An Ad for taking down and rebuilding the Pariih Church of Bloch* bum, in the County Palatine of Lomafhr; and far providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalifing~ the Church Rates in the (aid Paristi, and other purposes.	[141k	June 1819.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Ad for altering and amending the several Ads palled for making a Canal from the Grand Jun&wn Canal, in the Panlh of Paddington. to the River Thames, in the Parilh of Limehottfe, in the County of .  Middlesex.	[14th	June 1819.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for /applying tbs City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water.

- [14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Ad for better supplying the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, with das.	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxix.

An Ad for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Cotjtrads for that Purpofe. [14th June 1819.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Ad to provide for the Eledion of Trustees of the Royal Exchange, Dublin.	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Ad for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving tne Borough of Newcastle under Lyme.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. Ixxii.

51G. j.c.ixxiv. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the City of Pertht and for maintaining Police and good Order within the (aid City.	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxxiii.

% G. 3. e.u. An Ad for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parishes of 3 G.3. «.S3* Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Mmmjbury, m the County

of

A.D$ 181 g.	59*	GEO.	Ill*	C. lxxiii—lxxx.

of Middlefe*, and for veiling the foie Management thereof in the Veftrymen of the said Parities, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for pavings lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Aft for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Effex.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parimes of Congref bury, Puxton, Winfcomhe, Ban well, Churchill, Kewftohe, Week Saint Lawrence, and Yatton, in the County of Somerjet.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His present G. 3,0. ezHIL Majesty for draining, enclosing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Here Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the fame into a Parifh, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for such Pariflu	[14th	June 1819*]

[Separate Award of Allotment! to Hie Majesty, § 11.]

1

Cap. lxxvrii.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His 7 G. 3. c. 53. present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South I*evel, Part of the Great Level of 7*^ the Fens called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, repealed,fa.44! between the River Cam otherwise Grant, West ; and the Hardlands of Botti/bam, S waff ham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for other purposes therein mentioned.	[14th	June 1819.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Afts of His 35 G. 3. c. 77. present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and 36 G 3* c. 33. South Levelr, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford ^ c,lxx“* Level, and other Lands therein mentioned ; and for improving c> XXxviii. the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and 58 G.3. (LxlTiil, of the several Rivers communicating therewith. [14th June 1819.] continued, ( x.

but In pelt x<e* peelect, $»i.

Cap. lxxx.

An Aft for more effeftuaSy repairing and improving the Road from t6G.%. e. 83.

Bradford 1; G. 3. c. J3*

C. lxxx—lxxxvi.

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1819.

38 G. 3. 0. xli. all in put repealed, $ 1.

29 G. 2a c. 65.

13 G-3- c.95*

34 G.3. c. 119-all continued.

29 G.i. c. 81. 18 G. 3. c. 99. 38 G.3. c.lxv. all continued,

I«.

29 G.2. e.64*

continued by 12 G. 3« c. 77* 27 G.3. c. 85. 33 G. 3. all repealed as to Hoads herein mentioned.

Bradford to Wakefield, in the Well Riding of the County of Tori. (a)	[14th	June 1819.]

{Additional Trufiees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An A61 for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Barnfdale through PontefraB, and from thence to a certain Place called Tbwaite Gate, all in the Well Riding of the County of Tori. ( b)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trufiees. Lejfees of His Majesty residing within the late Part of PontefraB in right of His Duchy of Lancafier exempt from

Cap. lxxxii.

An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and for repairing several other Roads in the said County communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Afts. (a)	[14th	June 1819.]

{Former Tolls to cede. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll. Additional Toll on Sunday.']

Cap. lxxxiii.

An A61 for making and maintaining a Road from Marlborough, to the present Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parilh of Liddingtou, m the Cjunty of Wilts. (b)	[14th	June 1819.]

[.Additional Trufiees^]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An A61 to continue and amend Three A6ls for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon*s Study to Chilton Pond9 and from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford Diftrift of the said Roads, (r)	[14th	June 1819.]

[New Trufiees. Additional Trufiees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An A61 for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Nortbwich, in the County Palatine of Chefier. (b)

[14th June 1819.] [Additional Trufiees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Aft for more effectually repairing and improving th: Road from Shrewfbury to Prefion Brockkurfi, to Shawbury and to Shrtyhill\ and other Roads in the County of Salop, (b)	[14th	June 1819.]

[Additional Trufiees. Additional Toil on Sunday.]

5!)° GEO. HI.

C. lxxxvii—xciii.	753

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Tun/lall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Gillow Hollow, in the Parifh of Biddulph, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Danc-infbaw Bridge in the County of Chester, with a Branch to the said Tvnjlall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Lieb Lane, in the said Parifh of Biddulph, (a)	[14th	June	1819.3

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Aft for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with the fame, (b)	[14th	June	1819.]

[Additional Trujlees* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

27 G. a, c. 32. 5 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. c xxxiii. repealed as to Roads within the First and Second Dis~

Cap. lxxxix.	tricts, $ 1.

An Aft for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and 38 G. 3. c. xiiL from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and for repealed, § 1. maintaining a Bii lge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the said County, (b)	[14th	Jttne	1819.]

[Additional Trujlees• ffcoy*/ Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. xc.

An Aft for altering and amending Two Afts passed in the Fifty 56 G. 3. sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, «• lxxxiii. for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of G* 3* **44* Carljte*	[14th June	1819.]

Cap* xci.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 17 G.3. c.105. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to Pens- in part repealed, ffone, in the County of Tori, (c)	[14th	June	1819.]	$4^©- ^ixili

[New Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe* New Tolls granted* Royal both continued.

Family exempt from Toll*]

Cap. xcii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Afts relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Comer of the Inclofures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of Tork*	[i^th	June	1819.]

[ Additional Trujlees* Former Tolls to ceafe* New Tolls granted* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap* xciii.

25 G. 3. c.58. In part repealed, $11. 35-29 G. 2. e. 71. 17 G.3. c.79. 34 G. 3. c. 138. all continued, but in part repealed aa to Exemptions, Ji8.

An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two 29 G. 3. e.no. Afts of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from 38 G. 3. e. xlii. 59 Geo. III.	SC	Rochdale	both	continued.

754

C.xciii—xcix.

$9° GEO. 1H.

A.D. 1819.

but 38 O. 3. c. xiii. in part repealed, § 8.

24 G. 2. c. 22. 16 G.3. c. 82. 38 G.3. c.ii. all in part re-pealed, $ 1.

19 G.3. e. 117. 37 G.3.C.178. both repealed,

11.

2 G.3. c. 78.. 22 G.3. c. 95 38 G. 3. c. xliv. all continued, .but 38 G. 3. c. xliv. in part repealed, § 12.

7 G. 3. c. 103. in part repealed, $«7-

26 G.3. c. 145’ 49 G.3. c.liv. all continued for 21 Yean, he. § 1.25.

Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, to a Place called the Land9! End in Preftwich, in the County Palatine of Lan-cafer. (e)	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. xciv.

An Aft for amending the Road from Tadcajler to Holton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of Tork. (b)	[14th June 1819.]

[ Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from TollL]

Cap. xcv.

An Aft for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads round the City of Bristol, and for making certain new Lines of Hoad to communicate with the fame, (b)	[14th	June 1819.]

[.Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xevi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Aft# of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, so far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, (c)	[14th	June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the Town of AJhford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddenden, in the said County. (£)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xcviii.

*7 G.3. c. 100. An Aft for further continuing the Term and enlargingthe Powers ** “	of Two Afts, palTed m the Seventeenth Year and Thirty fixth

Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bale and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbighf and Salop ; and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh. ( c)	[14th June	1819.]

[Additional Trustees. New Tolls injlead of former Tolls.]

Cap. xcix.

a8 G.a. c.33. An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and In part repealed,	prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brown9s Lam in

1 7Q c 118	Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poft

Inpartiep^ed! near Wtllingborongh Bridge, in tne County of Northampton, and from SiT	the

•3*c. both continued for 2\ Yean, See. § 1.37. but in part repealed, § 4-

A.D. 1810.

59* GEO. III.

C. Kcix-^€V^

755

the Pound in the Ktmbolton, to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge 39 <3* 3. «.xn. in the said County of Northampton, (e)	[14th	June	1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt Term men-

from Toll.']	tioned.

Cap• c.

An Aft to continue the Term, and enlarge die Powers of several *5 G. a. e. 11. Afts of His late and present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the 5	c‘-55*

Road from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parifh Church of Nuffield, in the County o\ Oxford, through Wal- *n continued. ting ford to Wantage, and from thence to Fartngdon, in the County of Berks, (r)	[14th Aw	1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. ci.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, palled in «’ <*• 3- «-94-the Seventeenth and Thirty sixth Years of His present Majesty, »P«rt repesJed, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and also the Road | ^ G c f branching out of the fame in Kempfton Field, in the County of continued. Bedford, (c)	[14th June	1819.]

Cap. cii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty *s Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Mid-dlefex. (r)	9	[14th	Jtute	*819.]

[Additional Triplets. Former Teds to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal * Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. ciii.

41 G. 3. U. K.

c. cxxix. continued,

* 1. »J-but in part repealed, $18.

G.3. e dr. 44 G.j.c.lxxx. continued, (a.

An Aft to alter and amend aa Aft patted in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the Coiirty of Forfar, (c)	[14th	June	1819.]

[King’s Ships exempt from Duties.]

Cap. civ.

An Aft for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors 57 G

of the Portfmoutb and Arundel Navigation, and to the Company of 1®PertrePwlede Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Junftion Canal, and to confirm ^ <5... an Agreement entered into between the said Companies*

{21ft June 1819.]

[Goods the Property of the Craym exempt from Tplls of Portjbr'ufge

Creek.]

Cap. cv.

An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navi- }° ®* 3* gation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable C#t» and also a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their said Canal at *3*0.3. c. 47. Hennis Bridge near Wigan, to join the Duke A Brtage water9s in part repealed. Canal at Leighf all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to $31.

SC 2	amend	3©G.3. c.6j.

Ccv—cxiL

59° GEO, ILL

A.D.1819,

34 G. 3. c. 94. in part repealed,

v 42.

34G.3.C.78.

49 G- 3* c xU. in'part repealed, Si. ’

51 G. 3-c. cxlri. in port repealed.

36 G.3. c.59. (I,} repealed. Si-

4* G. 3. c. it 49 G. 3. cclx. repealed, S 1.

33	G. 3. c. 80.

34	G.3. c. 24.

35	G.3. c 8.

35	*G. 3- P* 43*

36	G. 3. c. 2^.

38G.3.C.XXX1H.

41 G. 3. c. Ixxi. in part repealed.

5 G.3. c.51. 6.G 3. 0.23.,

4$ G. 3. c. hi*. JX G.2. C.28,

amend the several Ads relating to the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Ad for making the Rochdale Canal, so far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridge-evoter.	[21ft June	1819.]

Cap. cvi.

An Ad to explain .and . amend an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing an Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River W'ear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effectual Prefervation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port and Haven.

[21ft June 1819.]

Cap* evil.

An Ad to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of New-eajlle under Lyme with Gas.	[21ft	June 1819.]

•Gap* cviii.

An Ad to repeal Part of an Ad made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of . Dumfries.	[21ft June 1819.]

Cap, cix.

An Ad for more effectually improving and repairing the Road lead-. ing from the City of Dublin to Navan, in the County of Meath. {a)

[21ft June 1819.3

Cap. cx.

An Ad for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the'County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into. Money the Statute Labour in*the said County, (a)	[21ft	June	1819.]

Cap, cxi.

An Ad to vary and alter certain Ads of Hia-prefent Majesty,' relating to the Grand JunSion Canal, the Grand JunBion Water Works* and the Regent*s Canal, in order to effect an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of the Regent*s Canal Navigation and Grand JunBion Water Works.	[22d June	1819*3

43 G.3. c.viii. 45 G. j. c*lxvui. ci G.3. c.clxix. 52 G. 3. c.cxj. 52 G.3. acxcv.

§ 14. 15*. 2i. 53 G.3. c.xxxii. 56 G. 3. c.lxxxr.

<	Cap.	cxii.

An Ad for amending an Ad of His present Majesty, respecting the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, Searching and finding Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of Torh	[2d	7#$	1819.3

A.D. 181.9V	W5	GEO.	IIC	Ccxiii~cxx./	7of-

Cap. cxiii.

An Adi for ere A ing, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and PafTages across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. (2)	[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxiv.	^

An Adi for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnjley, in the Well Riding of the County of Tori, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and' Burial Grounds thereof.	[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxv.

An Adi for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parifh of Egg Buck land, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Pnlon of War on the Foreft of Dartmoor, in the Parifh of Lydford, in the said County.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Adi for more effedlually supplying the City of Edinburgh and. 29 6.2.0.74* Places adjacent with Water.	[2d	July 1819.] 25	3*	*•

Cap. cxvii.

An Adi to enable	the	Company	of	Proprietors of the Cranflonhill 48 6.3.C. iliv.

Water Works to	improve their	Works.	[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Adi for paving, cleanling, lighting and watching the Town .of Harwich, in the County of Ejsex, and supplying the fame with Water.	[2d	July 1819.]

[Lands belonging to His Majesty exempt.]

Cap. cxix.

An Adi for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Adis of 1 G.3. e u< His present Majessy, for amending and rendering more effectual 3 0-3* c-a3* several Adis for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, 4 0-3* c.39. Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties, of Wejhninjler, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein men- 30 G^. e. 53. tioried, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management 47 G. 3. seas. 1. of Parochial Committees, lubjedl to the Controul of Commiflion- c. xzxviii. era ; and for other purposes, as far as the fame relate to a Street 59 G. 3. c.lxxiii. and Pafsage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Mlddleftx.

fcd July 1819.]

Cap. cxx.

An Adi for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, planting, and otherwise improving Edwardes Square, EarPs Terrace,	*

Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kenjington Place Eafl, and Ken-Jington Place Wejl, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Abbott’s,'Kenjington, m the County of Middkfex.	[2d'July i8i^.J

3 C 3

768

C» cxxi—cxxtii.

5fi® GEO. ill.

A.D.iaia

40 O. 3. C *T. repealed as to Districts of Pont Pool and Usk.*n

37 G*j. e. da*, continued.

34 £.3. «.* 35-continued, and in part repealed,

f*»3.

9 G.i. £.15.

5J G.3. c.»ci*. in part repealed,

I*.

Cap. c<xi.

11 Aft to repeal so much of an Aft of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and UJk Diftrifts of Road, and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch 01 Road from the said UJk Diftrift. (a)

[3d July 1819.]

[Additional Trujleet. One Half Additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. exxii.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the' Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty *s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poft in the Village of Adderkury, in the County of 0x-fordy through Kidttngton% to the End of the Mileway m the City of Oxford, (b)	[2d July 1819.3

[Additional Trufteetf]

Cap. cxxiii.

La Aft for making and maintaining federal Roads in the Counties of Rakktrgb and Selkirk. (I)	[ad July 1819.}

Cap. exxiv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft palled in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the Countv of GlouceJler> and other Roads therein mentioned, so for as such Aft relates to the Road from Stump Croft in the Parifh of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold in the County of Gloucefler. (4)

[ad July 1819.]

[Additional Trqflees.']

Cap. extr.

An Aft for authoring the Commiffionera of His Majefty** Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paring, lighting, deanfing and good Order of the Faid Town.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxxvj.

An Aft to rebuild Wmdfor Bridge^ in the Borough of Hew Wmdfbr9 in the County of Berks; and to improve the Avenues thereto. (0)

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. cxxriL

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to repeal the A Be now in force relating to Bread to be fold in the City if London and the Libertine thereat, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality t and Ton Mites of the Royal Exchange * and to^prevent tie Adel*

ter ad m

A.D. 1819.	59°'GEO. III. C. cxxrii* cxxviii.

teration of Mealy Flour and Bready and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the fame Limits, (h)	[13th	July	1819.]

mCap. cxxviii.

An A61 for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbrtdge in the County of Downy to Belfajl in the County of Antrim, (h)	[13th	July	1819.]

[Additional TruJUes. Royal Family exempt from TollL]

SC 4

PRIVATE

7 «0

iV. C. 1—4.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS*

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTERS,.

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

[ N. B. To each of these AfU is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

M And be it further enacted, That this A& shall be printed by “ the several Printers to The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, duly “ authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that “ a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as ** Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.’*

Cap. i.

A N A61 for inclosing certain Lands in the Parifh of Bittom, in the County of Glouccfter%	[23d	March	1819.}

Cap• 2.

An A& for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and Arlecdon, in the Parifhes 0? Lamplugh and Arlecdon^ in the County of Cumberland.	[23d March	1819.]

“ Provifo for Reftor of Lamplugh suing in refpefk of Tithes, § 13. u Allotment to Re&or of Arlecdon to be feneed, § 28. Com* M miflioners to value Tithes in Lamplugh, § 29.; and may pur-11 chafe Lands to compensate Reftor of Lamplugh for Tithes, ** § 30, 31. If Re&or evi&ed, Tithes again payable, § 34. Until “ Purchafe made, ancient Inclofures and Commons to remain liable 11 to Tithes, § 35. When Tithes to Reftor o£ Arlecdon to cease, “ $44-

Cap. 3.	^

An A6t for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Qlane and Manhetm, in the County of Kudare.	[6th	April 1819.]

Cap• 4*

An A& for facilitating Partition of the Eftates of Charlotte Myddebom Biddulph Widow, tne Honourable Frederick West and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddehon Spinfter, whereof Partition has been decreed to be made by His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery.

[6th April 1819.]

59° GBO. III.

Pr. C. 5—12.

761

Cap. 5*

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Rodborne, in the Parifh of Saint Pauly Malmjbury, in the County of Wilts.

[7th April 1819.]

Cap. 6.

An Aft to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancajlery for the time being, to grant Leafes of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Curacy. [8th April 1819.]

44 Certain Parts of the Glebe Lands not to be let, § 4.

Cap. 7.

An Aft for veiling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trullee8, for Georgiana Amelia Countefs de Durforty in trull for Sale.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 8.

An Aft for veiling certain Eflates devised bv the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceased, in Trultees, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 9.

An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Bambrougby in the Well Riding of the County of York.	[19th Mbm 1819.]

44 Reftor with Confent of Bilhop and Patron may lease Wotments 44 for a 1 Years, § 30.

Cap. 10.

An Aft for incloling Lands within the Parilh of Eqfl Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.	[19th	May	1819.]

44 Provifo for Right to Tithes, and manner of Payment, § 35.

Cap. ii.

An Aft to amend an Aft for incloling Lands in the Manor of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandony m the County of Surrey; and to determine the Boundary of the Parilh of Beddingtony and the adjoining Parilh, upon a certain Common called Mitcham Com-man, Part whereof is intended to be inclosed under the said Aft.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 12.

An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Parilhes of Martock and Mucbelneyy in the County of Somer/et. '	[19th	May	1819.}

44 Vicar’s Allotment to be feneed, § 29. Prefent Vicar to grant “ Leases, § 33.

762

Pr. C. 13—18.

69° GKO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Cap. 13.

An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Durrington* and in the Tithing of Knighton* in the Pari(h of Figbeldean* in the County of Wilts.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. 14..

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Rodham, WtJL Rmnham, and Hethoughton* in the County of Norfolk.

[19th May 1819.]

44 Vicars, with Confent of Bifhop and Patron, may lease their Allot-44 ments, § 38.

Cap. 15.

An Aft for incloiing Farington Mofs, and other Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Manor and Townfhip of Faringtorn, in the Parilh of Pemuortbam, in the County Palatine of LancajUr.

[19th May 1819.]

44 Allotment to Owners of Tithes, § 30. Compensation for Tithes 44 by Landholders not entitled to Common Right, § 32. Tithes to 44 be taken till Allotments made m lieu thereof, § 33. Power to *4 Hufbands, See. too purchase Tithes, § 34.

Cap. 16.

An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Townfhip of Penifton, in the West Riding of the County of Tori, and for the Commutation of Tithes within the fame Townfhip.	[19th	May	1819.]

44 Allotments for Tithes of Common and of ancient Inclofures to 44 open Fields, § 17, 18. Vicar’s Allotments to be feneed, $ 26—28. 44 Allotments to Hofpital in lieu of Tithes, $31. Power to Vicar 44 to lease his Allotment, § 44.

Cap. 17.

An Aft for incloiing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Wafte Ground, called Oker Hill and Grofs Green* within the Townfhip of Wenjley and Snitterton, in the Parim of Darley* in the County of Derby; and for applying the Rents and Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the laid Townfhip.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 18.

An Aft for incloiing Lands within the Parifh of Telling* in the County of Huntingdon* and for making a Compensation for the Tithes.	[19th	May	1819.]

44 Allotment for Glebe Lands, § 21. Agreement for Tithes, $ 24. 44 Compenfation to Reftor of Telling tor Tithes, § 25. Tithes 44 extinguished, § 29. Fencing Reftor’s Allotment, § 30* Power 44 for Reftor to lease, § 36. Leafe not valid without the King’s u Consent, $ 37.

A.D.1819.

69* GKO. III.

Prt. C. 19—28.

Cap. 19.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pari flies of Stanton Lacy. and Bromfield, in the County of Salop.	[19th	May 1819.3

rt Reft or* 9 and Vicar’s Allotments feneed, § 36.; and may be leased,

“ $ 37*

Cap. 20.

An Aft to authorise the Sale of Lands fettled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton, in the County of Salop.

[14th June 1819.3

44 Purchafe Money to be paid to Queen Anne's Bounty, § 2.

Cap. 21.

An Aft for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Pofleffions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middle-/ex, to grant Building Leafes of certain of the Grounds and EHates heretofore of the said John Lyon.	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 22.

An Aft to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the Almflioufes of Saint Catherine*% Hofpital, in the Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity.	[14th	June 1819.3

Cap. 23*

An Aft to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to discharge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford'•	[14th June 1819.3

Cap. 24*

An Aft for empowering Trustees to fell certain Freehold and Copy-hold EftateB, devised oy the Will of John Broadhurjl Esquire, and to lay out the Purchafe Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other E Hates to be fetued in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	[14th	June 1819.3

Cap. 23.

An Aft for effecting an Exchange of certain Eftates in the County of Worcester, in part devised by the Will of Arthur Cbarlett Esquire, and in part purchased under the Direftions thereof, for certain other Eftates in the Counties of Worcester and Hereford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Efquire.

[14th June 1819.3

Cap. 2 6.

An Aft for enabling William Archer Dixon, and other the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leafes of One Moiety of certain Freehold Lands called Spice JjLand, in the Farijh of Saint George, in the County of Jftiddlefex.	[14th Jam 1819.3

764"	Pr>	C.	27—33.	59*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1819.

Ca/. 27.*

An A 61 for veiling certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Gortby, comprifcd in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of David Stewart Moncreiffe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the fame, and apply the Purchafe Money arising by such Sale in the Payment of the Land Tax due out of the laid Estate, and certain other Entailed Eftates descendible to the Heirs taking under the said Deed; for purchafmg and entailing other Lands more conveniently situated ; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said Entailed Eftates.	[14th dune	1819.]

Cap. 28.

An A61 to confirm the Title of the Moft Noble William Spencer Duke of Devonshire, to the Manors of Brindle aijd Injkip, and Eftates in Brindle, Injkip and Ecclejlon, in the County of Lan-• cajler.	[14th June	1819.]

Cap. 29.

An A61 for inclosing Lands in Winton cum Barmjlon and Barmfion, in the Parifh of Barmjlony in the East Riding of the County of Tori.	[14th June 1819.]

u Allotment for Glebe, § 11. Compenfation for Tithes, § 12. u Apportionment of Corn Rents in case of Death, &c. of Re61or, «• f 13- When Tithes to cease, § 17. Glebe Allotments to be " feneed, § 19.

Cap. 30.

An A61 for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Thornton in Craven, in the County of Tori.

[14th June 1819.]

“ Allotment to Re&or for Glebe and Common Right, § 23, 24. “ Tithes to be valued by Commissioner, f 25. Compenfation for M Tithes, §26. 31. 34, Refidue of Commons to be sold for Ex-“ pences and Purchafe of Land for Compenfation for Tithes, § 28. “ Commutation for Tithes, § 29. Tithes payable till Allotments “ made, &c. § 32. Re61or,s Allotment to be ring-feneed, § 33. M Re61or empowered to lease Allotment, § 38.

Cap. 31.

An A 61 for 'iTido&ngAldington Freight, otherwise Aldington Frith, in the Parifh of Aldington, in the County of Kent.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 32.

An A61 for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Ingham, in the County of Norfolk.	[	14th June 1819.]

Cap. 33. .

An A61 for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of HarUngton, in the County of .  Middlesex.	[14th	June	1819.]

“ Redoes Allotment feneed, {,25. Power to Re61or to lease his u Allotment,' '$31.

A, D. 18.15).

5S» GEO. IIL

Pr. C S4—40.

765

Cap. 34*

An Aft for veiling certain Eftates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gloucester, Woreejler and Durham, devised by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufes.	[lift.	June 1819.]

Cap. 35.

An Aft for confirming and ellabliihing' Leafes and Contrafts for ‘ Leafes made by the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Thomas Holloway Esquire, deceased, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leafehold Eftates and Property5 and for enabling them to make Leafes and Contrafts for Leafes of other Parts of . the fame Eftates and Property, in manner therein mentioned.

[21ft June 1819*3

Cap. 36.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Wejl Walton, in the County of Norfolk.	[21ft	June 1819.]

M The King's Allotment may be fold before Execution of Award, M § 31. Commiflioner to make Extraft of so much of Award as u relates to the King's Allotment, and transmit the fame to the Com-44 miffioners of the Woods and Forests, § 32.

Cap. 37.

An Aft for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities of Joseph Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling in the said Trustees so incorporated. Real and Perfonal Eftates of the said Joseph Evans, for the Support of • the said Charities.	[2d	July 1819.]

Cap. 38.

An Aft for veftingwthe Settled Eftates of J^ancelot Rolltjlon Esquire, in Hucknall Tor hard, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Eftates with	the Reiidue of the Purchafe Monies, to be fettled to

the fame Ufes.	[2d July	1819.]

Cap. 39.

An Aft to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Esquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leafes of Eftates veiled in him as Tenant in Tail Male ; and for confirming certain Leafes already granted by them.	[2d July	1819.]

Cap. 40.

An Aft to enable the Committees of the Eftate of Thomas Smyth Esquire, tp sign Confents to Leafes of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for veiling Part of the Glebe in Trustees for Sale, for the purposes therein , mentioned.	[2d July	1819.]

M The Vicar, with Confent of the Biihop of Winchejler* to lay out €‘ Land for Roads. $ 3.

766

Pr.C. 41—45.

£9° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Cap• 4^

An A£t for incloiing Lands in the Parilh of Norton m Hales, in the County of Salop*	[ad	July	1B19.}

44 Compenfation for Tithes, § 19. When Tithes are to cease, § 23.

Cap, 42/

An A A for vetting the Eftates devised by the Will of Hannah Ponvnall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of Tori, in Trustees, for Sale 5 and for inverting the Purchafe Money in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fetded to the former Ufes.

[6th July 1819.]

Cop• 43.

An A6t for verting in Fee-fimple in the Right Honourable George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in PoiTeffion, certain Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain ouier Lands in the County of Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.	[6U1 July 1819.]

•

Cap. 44*

An A£l for verting the Manor of Oram, and certain MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffix, Part of the Setded Eftates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold, and for veiling the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchafe of odier Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	[6th July 1819.]

Cap* 45.

An A£t for assisting the rebuilding of London House, belonging to the See of London.	[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable and Right Reverend William Lord Bilhop of London is, in right of his See, * seised in Fee Simple of a Capital MefTuage dr Man (ion Houle 4 called London House,. situate on the East Side of Saint James's 4 Square in the Pariih of Saint James Weffmhdler, in the County of 4 Middlesex, which, ever iince it became veiled in the said See, has 4 been used as the Town Refidence of the Bilhop of London for the 4 time being : And Whereas the said MelTuage or Manfton Houle 4 was purcnafed for the Ufe of the said See in the Year Oae 4 thousand seven hundred and seventy one, when it was so old that 4 it was not expected to (land above Fifty Years from that time; 4 and when the said William Lord Bilhop of London was promoted 4 to the said See, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, it was in so dilapidated a State as to 4 make it necessary that the whole or the greater Part thereof should 4 be taken down and rebuilt, the Expence of which having been 4 efthnated at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, it ^gould not be 4 just, under the peculiar Circuznftances of the Cafe, that the fame 4 Ihould be wholly borne and defrayed by the present Bilhop :* May it therefore please Your Moll Excellent Majesty (at the Petiboa of the said Wilftam Lord Bilhop of London) that it may be roa&rd; and be it enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and

A.D.1810.

59° GEO. Ill

Pr.C.45.

767

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the said William Lord Bifhop of London, or the Bifhop of London for the time being, to borrow and take up at lnterect, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Ten thou-fand Pounds, and as a Security for the Money so to, be borrowed, by Indenture or Indentures to be duly sealed and delivered, to demise all or any of the Manors, MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments of or belonging to the said See, to any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be willing to lend or advance the fame, or to such Perfon or Perfons as such Lender or Lenders may nominate or appoint, for any Term or Terms of Years, but to be subject to a Provifo or Provifoes in such Mortgage or Mortgages to be contained, for the Leffor of every such Term or Terms of Years, on Payment to the Party or Parties, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, his, her or their Executors, Ad-miniftrators, Succeffors or Afligns, the principal Sum or Sums so to be borrowed, and such lntereft as shall become due for the fame, at the times and in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, the lntereft thereof, at such Rate as shall be agreed upon, to be paid by equal Half Yearly Payments on the Days to be therein appointed, and One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money at the End of each Year; which Mortgage or Mortgages when so made, after the fame shall have been registered in the Office of the Regiftrar of the Diocefe of London, shall bind every succeeding Bifhop in the said See, until the Principal Money, lntereft and Cofts shall be paid off and discharged, as fully and efte&ually as if such Succeffor had made or executed the fame.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgage shall contain a Covenant from the Lord Bifhop making the fame, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, to pay and keep down so much of the said Principal Money and lntereft as shall become payable upon such Mortgage or Mortgages during the Period of his continuing to hold the laid See.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Principal Money and lntereft to be secured by any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be in arrear and unpaid for more than Forty Days after the fame shall become due, it shall be lawful for such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his of their Executors, Adminiftrators, Suc-ceffors or Afligns, to recover the fame or so much thereof as shall be then due, and the Cofts and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, by Diftrefs and Sale, in such manner as Rents may by JLaw be recovered by Landlords from their Tenants.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be-.borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of such Perfon or Perfons as shall be nominated or appointed to receive and apply the fame for the purposes aforesaid, by the Lord' Archbifhop of 'Canterbury for the time being, and the Lord Bi(hop of London for the time being,

Writing , under their Hands, on such Nominee or Nominees giving a Bond to the Archbifhop and Bifhop so nominating or appointing as aforesaid, with sufficient Surety hi Double the Sum so to be borrowed or raised, with Condition for his duly applying and

accounting

Bishop of London may borrow on Mortgage of Premises belonging so lus See, lOpCOch

Covenant to pay and keep down Principal and Irv-tcrest.

Mortgagee empowered to distrain, in case of Nonpayment, for Forty Days.

Hie Money to be paid to a Person to be nominated by the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of

Pr. C. 45.

.59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Proviso for the Bishop’s Power of leasing.

The Bishop for the time being to pay the Interest, and One- twentieth Part of the Principal, every Year.

accounting for the fame, according to the Directions of this Ad; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons so to be nominated shall be a sufficient Difcharge to the Perfon or Perfons who shall advance and pay the Money; and the Perfon or Perfons so to-be nominated shall or may from time to time enter into Contracts with proper Perfons for such rebuilding, wholly or in part, and repairing the said Man/ion House in Saint James9 s Square and its Offices, as shall be approved by the said Archbifhop and Bifhop for the time being, and shall be lpecified in an Inftrument or Inftruments upon Parchment, and signed by them, and also shall or may, with the like Approbation from time to time refeind or vary any such Contracts, and shall infpeft’ and have the Care of the Execution of such Contracts, and shall pay the Money for such rebuilding and Repairs, according to the Terms of such Contracts, or otherwise shall (uper-intend and infpeCt such rebuilding and repairing, and pay the Money for the fame, as the said Archbifhop and Bifhop shall in manner aforesaid approve and direCt, and shall take proper Receipts for the Money so paid or applied ; and as soon as the Works and things by this ACt directed to be done shall be completed, and the Money paid, shall make out an Account of his Receipts and Payments, and enter them in a Book fairly written, which shall be signed by such Perfon or Perfons, and laid before the said Archbifhop and Biihop for the time being, together with the Vouchers for such Payments, and examined by them, and when allowed by Writing under their Hands, such Allowance shall be a full Difcharge to the Perfon or Perfons so nominated, in respect to the said Account; and if any Balance shall remain in the Hands of such Nominee or Nominees after the Payments aforesaid, and also after making to him or them such Compenfation for his or their Trouble as the said Archbi(hop and Biihop shall think reasonable, the fame shall be paid in discharge of so much of the "principal Debt secured by such Mortgage or Mortgages as such Balance will extend to pay ; all which Accounts, when made out, completed and allowed, shall be deposited, together . with the Vouchers, in the Hands of the Regiftrar of the Diocefe of London for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Lord Bifhop of London for .the time being, who shall have a Right to inspect the fame, and take Copies thereof, whenever Occaiion shall require.

V.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That not-withftanding any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, it ihaD be lawful for the said William Lord Bifhop of London, and his Suc-ceffors in the said See, from time to time to make such Leases, except so far as he and they are restrained by this A&, as he or they might have made in case this A& and the said Mortgage or Mortgages had not been passed or made ; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages shall also be subject to the E(Fe& of all such Lcales as have been already made of any of the Pofleffions of the said See, and are now subsisting.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord Biihop making such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, and every nicceediag Bifhop in the said See for the time being, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to pay and discharge yearly and every Year, One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money thereby secured, until the whole of such Money shall be discharged; and alio from time to I

time

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

red

Pr.C.48.	#

time to pay the Intereft due on such Principal Money ; and that	•

every such Bifhop shall annually at his own Expence, from the time when such Manfion Poufe shall be completed, according to this A61, insure at one of the Public Offices in London or Westminster for Inference of Houfes and Buildings, the said Manfion Houle, and the Offices belonging thereto, again ft Accidents by Fire, at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds at the lead.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Leafe No Least to or Leafes shall at any time or times hereafter be made of the said ** ***&* °f Manfion House and Premifes in Saint Janus's Square, or its Offices, London Hott#e-or any Part thereof, by the said William Lord Bifhop of London, or

his Succeffors in the said See.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That upon On every every such Vacancy as shall happen of the said See before fttch Vacancy of the Mortgage or Mortgages shall be discharged, the Lord Bifhop for Byhop rathe time being avoiding the fame, his Heirs, Executors or Adminif- a p°^rt^n tretors,' shall pay so much of the Half Yearly Payment of Interect, Interest and and of such Inftalment of the Principal Money secured by such Instalment of Mortgage or Mortgages, accruing and not actually accrued due at Pr*nciP*1 ‘he*1 the time of his ceasing to be Biffiop of the said See, as will be in accniin** proportion to the time which (hah have elapsed between the Payment

due or made in the preceding Half Year, and the Payment to grow due or to be made in the next foceeeding Half Year;

* IX. And Whereas there is (banding in the- Name of the Ac* Reciting that 4 countant General of the High Court of Chaneery, in the Books ‘ of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ex parte Jo to ^

4 the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myftery of Mercers of the See, is sund-4 City of London, the Account of William Lord Bifhop of London, ing in the Ac-

*	the Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and countent Ge-€ Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, which neraA s

*	was purchased with the Sum of Three thousand four hundred and 4 twenty seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence Cafh, paid 4 into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, by

*	the said Wardens and Commonalty, as or for the Confideretion for 4 the Purchafe (for the purposes of the A6b hereinafter mentioned)

4 of certain Tenements in or near Saint Pouts Church Tard in the ‘ said City, belonging to the said Lord Bishop, in right of his See;

*	and which said Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve

*	Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated

4 Annuities, is, under or by virtue of an A6b passed in the last 58 G.3. c.ai-4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to enable the Trujlees of Saint fr.

4 Paul's Schooly in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and 4 Land adjoining or near to the said School\ for the better Accommoda-4 tion of the Scholars, and for other purposes, febjeft to a Trufb to be 4 invested under the Dire&ion of tne said Court, in the Purchafe of

*	other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the 4 Ufe of the said William Lord' Bifhop of London, and his Succeffoas 4 in the said See, who are entitled to the Dividends or Intereft thereof 4 in the meantime until Inveftment of the fame in such Purchafe of 4 Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as afbrefaidBe it therefore

further enafbed, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chan- Court of Chan* eery, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary m7 “*• Way by or on the behalf of the said William Lord Bifhop of London^	^

his Executors or Adminiftrators, to make such Order or Orders as taudna and 59 Geo. III.	3D	to	^

770*

Pv. Cm 45—49*

3$® OEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

taxing the Expences of the Act.

Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty authorised to advance the Money.

Act printed by the King's Printer to fie Evidence.

to the fame Court shall seem meet, for taxing and ascertaining the Cods, Charges and Expences of applying for and obtaining and palling this Aft, and the Coils and Expences of or attending such Application to the said Court, and for railing and paying all such Coils, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, by Sale of a competent Part of the said Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors authorised or appointed to regulate and Superintend the Bounty given by Her late Majedy Queen Anney for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, out of the Money which has arisen or shall from time to time arise from that Bounty tor promoting and afiifting the Several purposes of this Aft ; and such Mortgage and Security as aforesaid shall be made for Repayment in manner aforesaid, by Inflalments, of the principal Sum or Sums So to be advaneed, witn lawful Intereft for toe fame, by such Half Yearly Payments as aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be printed by the Several Printers to The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, So printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jullices and others.

Cop* ^6.

An Aft for veiling certain Edates, deviled by the Will of Jofifh Fayrerf and now held in undivided Shares, in a Trudee, to be fold; and for inveding the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties intereded as are Infants, in the Purchafe of other Edates, to be conveyed to them, according to their refpeftife Rights and Intereds, in lieu of such Shares. [6th July 1819.]

Cap. 47.

An Aft to empower the Trudees of the Will of the late Pekr Bernard, Surgeon, to grant Building Leafes of Land devised by his said Will, situated in the Town and County of Southampton.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 48.

An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of H» present Majedy, for better regulating the Charity of John Shafioe of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 49.

An Aft for inclodng Lands in the Parilh of Alvtngham, in the County of Lincoln.	[12th July 1819.]

“ Allotments for Tithes, § 24. Commiifioners to deduct for Mo-“ duses, § 25. Perfons not having open Lands to pay in Monej il for Tithes, § 26. Power for Reftor and Vicar to grant Leads, “ £3°’ Tithes payable till Allotments made, § 33. Glebe md u Tithe Allotments feneed, § 39.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS, 59° GEO. III.

* Signifies that the A3 relates exclusively to Ireland.

ACCOUNTS of Receipts and Expenditure of Colonial Revenues in Ceylon, &c. continuing 54 G. 3. for Examination of - Cap. 67 Accounts, repealing Part of certain A As, and amending 26 G. 3. relative to laying Accounts before Parliament

I03

Africa, for extending 46 G. 3. to the Trial of Offences committed in, against the Laws for aboli filing the Slave Trade -	97

Aliens, continuing 58 G. 3. for preventing the Naturalization of, or their becoming Denizens, except in certain Cafes -	-	-	8

Alkali (Mineral), repealing former Duties and granting new Duties on, and on Articles containing it 29 America (North), continuing 46 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in	-	14

enabling His Majesty to make

Regulations with refpeA to the tak ing and curing of Fiffi in certain Parts of the Coaffs of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majefty’s other Poffeffions in North America, according to a Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America -	-	38

—— carrying into effeA a Convention of Commerce with -	54

• Exportation to, of Britiih Plant-

ation Sugar from Bermuda, and Importation of certain Articles of American Produce, allowed 55 Annuities, for raffing £12,000,000 by 42 Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony or other Offences, aboliffied -	46

Apprentices, Matters ill-using, finable by Justices of the Peace -	*92

Appropriation of Supplies Cap. 133 Archbifhops of Canterbury and York for the time being, authorising, to admit Perfons into Holy Orders for the Colonies -	-	-	60

Army, annual Mutiny AA for -	9

—■ Rates to Innkeepers, on quartering	-	-	-	26

Affeffed Taxes, relieving Perfons compounding for, from an annual AiTeffinent, for a Term of Three Years -	-	51

■	—......—	for	giving	Relief	in	cer-

tain Cafes of AfleUment of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Perfons compounding for them in Ireland, from a like annual Afleffment 119

Bahama Istands, making perpetual 44 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation or Salt from certain Ports in, in American Ships coming in Bal-laft	-	-	-	18

Bangor Ferrv, altering and veiling in Commffnoners, the Line of Road . from Shrewibuiy to	-	30	*

-------------- to	Holyhead, additional

Powers given to Commiflioners for making a new Road from -	48

Bank of England, restrained from making Ca(h Payments in Gold Coin, under certain Notices given by them

23

■	.....-....... for continuing the Re-

ftriAions of several A As on Cafh Payments by, until May ift, 1823, and to provide for the gradual Re-fumption of such Payments 49 —	'■ -for establishing further

Regulations refpeAing Advances by, for the Public Service, and the Pur-chafe of Government Securities by the said Bank	-	-	76

3 D 2

77*

INDEX to the Public General A£U, 59° GEO. III.

Bank of Ireland, retrained from making Ca(h Payments in Gold Coin, under certain Notices given by them

Cap. *24

■ ■	■■■■■■	■	for continuing till

June i ft, 1823, the Reftri&ions on Cafti Payments by, and to provide for the gradual Refumption of such Payments	-	-	*99

Banks for Savings, for protecting 62 Barnstaple, for indemnifying Perfons giving Evidence in Parliament on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Election of Members at -	-	-	47

Battel, Wager of, and Trial by, abolifhed

46

Benefices, for securing Spiritual Perfons in the Poffeffion of, m certain Cafes

4°

Bermuda Istands, extending the Pro-vifions of several Ads, for allowing British Plantation Sugar, &c. imported into, to be exported to America in Foreign Veffela, and to permit Articles the Produce of Ame< rica to be imported into Bermuda

55

Bounties on Pilchards exported -	77

--------on certain Silk Manufaduces

exported -	•	112

Bread, repealing certain Ads regulating the making of, out of London and beyond its Liberties, &c. and efta-bhfhing other Provifions and Regulations relative thereto -	36

Bridges, maintaining and repairing 135 Britain Spirits, additional Excife Duties

Cted on, and consolidated with er Duties -	53

British Subjeds, enabling Commissioners to carry into effect the Conventions for liquidating the Claims of, against France -	-	31

Calicoes, for requiring the more speedy Payment of the Excife Duties on

Camden (Marquis), for authorising the Receipt and Appropriation of certain sums voluntarily contributed by, in Aid of the Public Service

43

Cafh Payments, Bank of England ffr» {trained from making, in Gold Coin, under certain Notices given by them Cap. 23

......Reftridions on, by the

Bank of England, under several Ads, continued until May iff, 1823, and to provide for the Re-fumption of such Payments	49

■ - -... the like Reftridions

continued, as to the Bank of Ireland, until June ift, 1823, and to provide for the Refumption of such Payments	*99

• the Bank of Ireland, re-

{trained from making, in Gold *2* Certificate Goods, for repealing several Ads requiring Mafters of Veflels carrying them to take Duplicates of the Contents -	-	73

Charities, Public, for the Education of the Poor, amending, extending, and continuing 58 G. 3. for appointing Commissioners to enquire concerning

81

for facilitating Applications

to Courts of Equity, respecting the Management of Funds belonging to

91

Churches, amending 58 G. j. for building and promoting the building of additional, in populous Parifhes

*34

Claims of British Subjeds and others against France, enabling Commissioners fully to carry into effect several Conventions for liquidating

31

Clerk of the Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer, continuing c6 G. 3. for securing the Profits of the Office of

•3

Coals, Culm and Cinders, allowing to be brought to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation	-	79

■ ■ ■ used in (melting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores, in Devon and Cornwall, regulating the Drawback of Duty on	126

f additional Excife Duties Cocoa Nuts, ) on, granted, and confo-Coffee, j lidated with former Du-( ties .	-	.53

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 59° GEO. III.

773

Colonial Revenues, in Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and the Settlements at the Cape of Good Hope, for continuing 54 G. 3. for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of	Cap. 67

Colonial Slaves, for establishing a Regif-4 try of, in Great Britain, and for making further Provifion relative to the Removal of Slaves from British Colonies -	-	-	120

Coionics, for permitting the Archbifhops of Canterbury and York, for the time being, to admit Perfons into Holy Orders specially for -	60

Commissioners, Appointment of, for executing the Ad granting a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and also for the Land Tax -	138

Comptroller General of the Cuftoms, for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments to	-	78

Consolidated Fund, arising in Great Britain, rendering available for the Public Service	-	19

Con Rabies neglecting their Duty, finable by Justices of the Peace -	*92

Contagious Difeases, establishing Regulations for preventing	-	*41

Cotton Mills and Fadories, for the further Regulation of, and for the better Prelervation of the Health of young Perfons employed therein 66 Courts of Equity, for facilitating Applications to, respecting the Management of Eftates or Funds belonging to Charities -	*91

Cuftoms, for the more frequent Payment of the Duties of, into the Exchequer	-	-	30

—------repealing the Several Duties of,

and granting others in lieu thereof

—	for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Cuftoms

78

—	empowering Officers of, to allow

Reports of Veffels’ Cargoes to be amended -	123

—	for granting Duties, and for

allowing Drawbacks, on certain Articles, and for making further Regulations for Securing them

Cap. *83

Cutlery Trade, regulating	7

Dawlifii, Manor of, exonerated from the Claims of the Crown, against the Eftate of John Inglett Fortefcue ESq. -	-	-	-	68

Dean, Foreft of, for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in -	-	-	- . 86

Difeafes (Contagious), for establishing Regulations for preventing *41 Diftillation (Unlawful) of Spirits, for limiting the Continuation of the Operation of Several A61s imposing Fines on Townlands and Places for, and for preventing Such Offences

*98

Dublin, amending 55 G. 3. enabling die Commissioners of Cuftoms in Ireland to purchase PremiSes for erecting Docks, Warehouses, and other Offices in -	-	-	*82

Duelling, certain Ads against, repealed

70

Duties, for granting and allowing Drawbacks, and making further Regulations for Securing them -	*84

------- on Horfes, Ads for reducing,

continued	-	-13

- on Licences, Securing the Payment of, and regulating the issuing of	-	-	*106

—	on Made Wines, continuing 57 G. 3. for fuSpending Part of 89

—	on Merchandise imported into Ireland from the East Indies, continuing 54 G. 3. for granting *15

—	on Merchandise imported into Great Britain from the East Indies, continuing Several Ads for granting

arifing from Cuftoms,

Eicig

Stamps and Postage, for the more frequent Payment of, into the Exchequer -	-	"39

---- on Mineral Alkali, and Articles

containing it, repealing former and granting new ones -	-	29

— on Plate Glass, repealing former and granting others thereon 115

774 INDEX to the Public General Arts, 59° GEO. III.

Duties granted on Spirits made in New South Wales - Cap. 114 —------granting additional countervail-

ing, on Spirits extra6ted in England or Ireland, and imported into Scotland ; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain ; and for exempting from all Countervailing Duties the Leather and Glafs of Carriages brought by Perfona for private Ufe from Ireland into Great Britain, or vice verfa

io5

East Indies, continuing several Ads for granting Duties of Cuftoms on Mer-chandife imported into Great Britain from -	-	33

------------ continuing	54	Geo.	3.	for

granting like Duties on Merchandife imported from, into Ireland *15 ——	regulating Poftage of Letters

to	-	-	-	III

—----------admitting certain Goods im-

ported from, to Entry and Payment of Duty without being warehoused ; and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guem-fey and Jersey, and the Removal of certain East India Goods to Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol and Glaf-gow, for Exportation -	125

Education of the Poor, for amending, extending, and continuing 58 G. 3. for appointing Commiflioners to enquire concerning Charities for 81 Ele&ions, reviving and continuing 51 G. 3. extending 18 G. 2. to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Huttings and Poll Clerks, so far as re-fpe&s the City of Westminster 2 Enliftment of His Majefty’s Subjects in Foreign Service, for preventing, and also the fitting out Veffels for Warlike Purpofes without His Majefty’s Licence -	-	-	69

Exchequer Bills, issuing, flee. 20,000,000/

16,500,000/.

*3*

Exchequer Bills, issuing, flee. 2,000,0001 British Currency - Cap. *132

— ------------enabling the Commif-

fioners of the Treasury to issue, on Credit of the Supplies granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1819	-	-	-	20

Excife, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Diftribution of any Reward, awarded by the Commifiionen of, to Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines,	for apprehending Smugglers -	6

-------- continuing	certain	Excife Laws,

relating to Crown Glafs and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws concerning Flint Glafs •	104

—	----- Duties,	for	the	more	frequent

Payment of, into the Exchequer 39

—	-	on	Plate	Glass, repeal-

ing former and granting new ones

US

-------- ■■■=--- for preventing Frauds

in the Duties on Soap; for pre-ferving the Books or Papers called Specimens left by. Excife Officers on the Premifes of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excife Duties on Calicoes 90

—	------- additional, granted on

Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the fame with former Duties thereon, and for amending -	-	53

1	■	■	---- on Tobacco, Snuff and

Excife Licences, continuing and amending 55 G. 3. for granting 32

■	------ additional, granted on

Tobacco -	-	-	*72

Exportation of British Plantation Sugar, flee, from Bermuda in Foreign Vef. feis, allowed	-	-	55

—- ■	of certain East India	Goods

permitted to Guernsey and Jerfey

.I25

—— ■ Gold and Silver, permitted

■■»■■■ Gunpowder, for repealing several A&s prohibiting, when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum 73 —— Salt, from certain Ports in the Bahama Istands, making per-

INDEX to the Public General A&s, 59° GEO. III.

775

petual 44 G. 3. permitting in American Ships coming in Ballaft

Cap. 18

Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain to Ireland, confining to Veffels of 70 Tons Burthen and upwards . .	75

- —--------Wool, continuing 46 G. 3.

for permitting from the British Plantations in America -	14

Felonies committed on board Veffels employed on Canals, &c. for facilitating the Trial of	-	27

-------for facilitating the Trials of, committed on Stage Waggons and Stage Coaches, and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties -	-	-	96

Ferries, Regulation of -	-	135

Fisti, enabling His Majesty to make Regulations for the taking and curing of, on certain Parts of the Coafts of Newfoundland, Labrador and His Majefty’s other Poffeffions in North America -	-38

Fifheries, for the Encouragement and Improvement of - .	-	*109

Fleet (Warden of), for facilitating Proceedings against, in "Vacation 64 Fortefcue (John Inglett Efquire), the Manor of Dawfifh exonerated from the Claims of the Crown against the Eftate of -	-	-	68

Freight Money, fixing the Rate and directing the Difpofal of, for conveying Specie and Jewels on board His Majefty’s Ships and Veffels 25 Friendly Societies, for the further Protection and Encouragement of 128

Gamekeepers, regulating the Appointment of ...	102

Gaols, for rebuilding in Scotland 61 Glass, altering certain Laws relating to

104

Gold and Silver, Exportation of, permitted -	-	-	-	49

Grand Juries, for the Inveftigation of Prefentments -	-	*84

Gunpowder, repealing several A&s prohibiting the Exportation of -	73

Holyhead, for amending 55 G. 3. grant-

ing Money for repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, and making a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead - Cap. 48 Holy Orders, the Archbifhops of Canterbury and York, and the Bifhop of London, for the time being, authorised to admit Perfons to, Specially for the Colonies -	60

Honduras, amending 57 G. 3. relating to Trials of Mureters, Man (laughters. Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries Committed in	-	-	44

Horfes, for reducing the Duties on 13 Huftings in Westminster, Expence of 2

Importation, continuing granting Duties on imported into

East Indies ...	*15

--------of	certain Articles of Ame-

Produce into Bermuda, al-

44 G. 3. for Merchandife Ireland from the

-	-	*T

ncan

lowed

------— continuing several Ads (or

granting Duties on Merchandife imported from the East Indies into Great Britain -	33

---------of	certain	Goods from the

East Indies, without being ware-houfed	-	-	125

of certain wrought Goods

from Ireland, several A6ts repealed, prohibiting	-	73

---------of	Tobacco,	from	the	Eaft

Indies and other Places allowed; and Importation thereof from Great Britain to Ireland confined to Veffels of 70 Tons Burthen and upwards

Indemnity A&, annual, for Offices 11

■ ■■ ■ ---of Perfons giving Evidence on

the Bill for preventing Bribery at the Barnftaple Election -	47

Innkeepers, Rates to, on quartering the Army -	-	-	26

Infolvent Debtors, continuing several A6U for the Relief of 129. *130

Jewels, fixing the Rate and directing the Difpofal of Freight Money for the Conveyance of, on board His Ma-jefty’s Ships and Veffels -	25

Juries, amending 55 G. 3. for extending * Trial by, to Civil Caufes -	3"

776	INDEX	to	the	Public	General	Afts,	59*	GEO.	IIL

Justices of Peace in Ireland enabled to aft out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are

Cap. *92

King, Aft to provide for the Care of the Royal Perfon of, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s filnefs

1

—	■ ■ for the further Regulation of the

Houfehold of, and the Care of the Perfon of, during the Continuance of His Illnefs -	-	-	22

-	— - for explaining and amending 40

and 47 G. 3. concerning the Dif-

?ofition of certain Real Property of lis Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors -	-	94

Land Tax, appointing Commissioners of

138

Letters, amending several Afts relating to the Conveyance of -	*108

■ ■ Poftage of, sent to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies 111 Levant Company, for removing Doubts respecting the Duties payable by

no

Licences, repealing additional Duty on, taken out by Retailers of Sweets

105

——- amending Afts for fecuring' Payment of Excife Duties on, and regulating the issuing of such Licences	-	-	*106

Loan of 12,000,000/., for railing, from the Commissioners of the National Debt -	-	-	71

London, Bifhop of, for the time being, authorised to admit Perfons into Holy Orders, specially for the Colonies	-	-	60

Lotteries -	-	-	6$

Lunatics (Pauper) for providing for the better Care of -	-	127

f— ■ — Estates, for explaining an Aft relative to the Sale or Mortgage of

80

Made Wines, continuing 57 G. 3. for suspending Part of the Duties on 89 Magistrates empowered to divide the Quarter Seifions -	-	28	•

Malt, annual Duties on - Cap. 3 [repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof] -	-	88

- — additional Excife Duties on, granted and incorporated with former Duties -	53.	*87

Marine Foroes, annual Aft for regulating, while on Shore -	10

Marines, tor extending 55 G. 3. for Payment of Wages due to deceased, to Wages due to intestate Baftards 59 Mailers iU-ufing their Apprentices, fine-able by Justices of the Peace *92

of Veffels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland, for repealing several Afts requiring them to take Duplicates of Contents -	73

Members of Parliament, for the regulating the Qualifications of -	37

Menai Straits, building Bridge over 48 Merchant Service, for facilitating the Recovery of Seamen’s Wages in 58 Millbank Penitentiary, for the better Regulation of	-	-	136

Militia Adjutants, Allowances to 116

—	disembodied, Pay and Clothing

of	-	116. *117

—	Officers and Quarter Matters, Allowances to, during Peace *117

—	Serjeant Majors, Allowances to

116

—	Subaltern Officers, Allowances

to	-	-	-	116

—	Surgeons and Surgeons’ Mates,

Allowances to -	-116

Mineral Alkali, and Articles containing it, repealing former Duties on, and granting new ones on	-	29

Mutiny Aft, Annual -	8

National Debt, Commissioners for Reduction of, amending several Afts for enabling them to grant Life' Annuities, and empowering them to grant Annuities, for promoting the beneficial purposes of the Waterloo Subfcription Fund	-	34

.	    ■	■	for	railing	a	Loan	of

12,000,000L from	-	-	71

Naturalization of Aliens, continuing

58 G. 3. for preventing, in Cafes -	-	-	8

Navy Agents, amending 31 G. 2* concerning the Allowances to -	119

785

INDEX to the Public General Adis, 59* GEO. III.

Navy Prize Orders, regulating the Payment of - *	-	Cap.	56

Netherlands, for carrying into effect the Treaty with, relative to the Slave Trade	-	-	-	16

New Foreft, for regulating the Exercife of the Right of Common of Pafture in	-	-	86

New South Wales, for Haying Proceedings again!! any Governor or other Perfons concerned in impofmg or levying Duties in; and to empower the Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made there -	114

■ — ■ -------------Permitting VelTels un-

der a certain Tonnage to trade to

122

Offenders, (Trairfportationof,)enlarging and continuing the Powers of 56 G. 3. concerning -	101

Officers of Army, Navy or Marines, enabling His Majelty to direct the Diftribution to, ot any Reward offered by the Commissioners of Cuftoms or Excife, for apprehending Smugglers -	-	6

Offices, annual Duties on	-	3

—....■ ■ Indemnity	-	-	11

Pariffi Veftries, amending 58 G. 3. for regulating	-	-85

Paffengers to the Plantations, &c. amending 43 G. 3. with respect to the Number of«	-	-124

Pauper Lunatics, for making Provifion for /he better Care of -	127

* Penitentiary at Millbank, for the better ■ Regulation of -	-	136

Penfiona and Perfonal Ehates, annual Duties on *	-	3

Pepper, additional Excife Duties on, granted, and consolidated with former Duties -	-	-	53

Permits, consolidating and amending fe-veral Adis regulating the granting of	...	#107

Pilchards exported, for continuing an Adi amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of Bounties on	77

Plate Glass, repealing former Duties, and granting new ones on -	115

Poll Clerks, reviving and continuing 51 G. 3. for extending 18 G. 2. re-59 Gao. III.

foe&in? the Expences of Poll Clerks for electing Members, so far as re-fpedls the City of Weftminfter

Cap* 2

Poor, amending Laws for the Relief of the Poor	-	-	12

—- amending the Laws respecting the Settlement of, so far as regards the renting of Tenements -	50

— confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parifhes, in regard to the Maintenance of 95 Portugal, amending 58 G. 3. for carrying into effect a Convention between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for preventing the Traffic in Slaves -	-	-	17

........for carrying into effect a Treaty

with the Prince Regent of	54

Poft Office, amending Adis relating to

*108

Postage, for the more frequent Payment of the Duties arising from, into the Exchequer	-	-39

—■	of Letters to and from the Cape

of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mau-• ritius, and the Eaff Indies 111 Prefentments for Roads by Grand Juries	-	-	-	*84

Prifons, amending 50 G. 3. concerning

♦too

Prize Orders, (Navy,) regulating the Payment ot	-	-	56

Qualifications of Members of Parliament, further regulating -	-	37

Quarter Seffions, Magiilrates empowered to divide	-	-	28

Recoveries (Common), Adi concerning, to be suffered by Attorney in Courts of ancient Demefne 80 Regiflry of Colonial Slaves, for eilabli(h~ ing in Great Britain -	130

Relief of the Poor, amending the Law.

for	-	12

Roads, for amending the Laws for making, repairing and improving, by Grand Jury Prefentments *84 —— and Bridges, repealing 54 5c 55 G. 3. and providing more effectually for the Repairs of -	135

Rock Salt, altering and amending the Excise Laws concerning -	57

SE

INDEX to the Public General AGts, 59° GEO. III.

Salt, making perpetual 44 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation of, from certain Ports in the Bahama I (lands, in American Ships coming in Bal-laft -	-	Cap. 18

- ■■■ and Rock Salt, altering and amending the Excife Laws concerning 57 Savings Banks, for protecting -	62

Scotland, amending 55 G. 3. for facilitating the Adminiftration of Juftice in, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes -	-	-	35

Scotland, for protecting Banks for Savings	-	-	-	62

Seamen’8 Wages, for facilitating the Recovery. of, in the Merchants’ Service	-	-	-	58

---------------   for	extending	55 G. 3.

for the Payment of, due to de-ceafed Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to intestate Baftards 59 Seflion (Court of),explaining and amending certain A&s relating to 45 Settlement of the Poor, amending the Laws respecting, so far as reipe&s the renting of Tenements -	50

Shrewfbury, altering and veiling in Com-miffioners the Line of Road from, to Bangor Ferry -	-	30

Silk Manufa&ures, granting additional Bounties on the Exportation of

112

Silver, Exportation of, permitted 49 Slate and Stone, carried coallwife, Cocquet and Bond to be required for -	-	-	123

Slaves (Colonial), for ellablilhing a Re-giilry of, and for making further Provifion relative to the Removal of, from British Colonies -	120

Slave Trade, for carrying into effect a Treaty with the Netherlands for preventing -	-	-16

--------------amending	58	G.	3.	for carrying into execution a Treaty between His Majesty and the

King

of Portugal for preventing >7

■....... ■—	extending	46	G.	3.	to	the

, Trial of Offences committed in Africa against the Laws for abo-lifhing	-	97

Smugglers, enabling His Majesty to order Rewards for apprehending, to be 7

diflributed in certain Proportions to Officers of Army, Navy or Marines -	-	Cap. 6

Smuggling, Prevention of	- 121

Snuff, Annual Duties on	-	3

--------------—	repealed,	and	other	Duties

granted in lieu thereof -	88

— continuing and amending 55 G. 3. for granting additional Excife Duties on	-	.	53

Soap, for preventing Frauds in the Duties on	-	90

Southern Whale Filhery, continuing Premiums allowed to Ships employed in -	-	- ' 113

Specie, fixing the Rate and directing the Difpofal of Freight Money for Conveyance of, in His Majefty’s Ships and Veffels * •	25

Spirits, for continuing several A6ls regulating the Trade in, between Great Britain and Ireland, reciprocally -	-	-	'75

Spirits, (Britilh,) additional Excife Duties on, granted, and consolidated with former Duties -	53

for granting an additional counter-

vailing Duty on Englifh or Irifh, imported into Scotland -	105

--------Diftilled by licensed DiMlers,

securing the Duties on	#iod

—— — made in New South Wales, for granting a Duty on -	114 .

Spiritual Perfons, for securing in the Poffeffion of Benefices in certain Cafes -	-	40

Stamp Duties, for the more frequent Payment of, into the Exchequer 39 Steam, ascertaining the Tonnage of Veffels propelled by -	-	5

Subfiftence, fixing the Rates of, to be paid for quartering Soldiers -	26

Sugar, Annual Duties on -	-	3

Supervifor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, for tranf-ferring the Duty of, to the Comptroller General of the Cuffcoms 78 Supplies, Appropriation of	133

Sweets or Made Wines, for continuing 57 G. 3. for suspending Part of the Duties on -

additional Duties

granted on Licences taken out by Retailers of -	105

787

INDEX to the Public General A£U, 59° GEp. III.

Tea, additional Excife Duties on, granted, and consolidated with former Duties .	Cap.	53

Tobacco, Annual Duties on -	3

[repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof]	-	88

—	>	—	continuing	and	amending	55	G.	3.

for granting additional Excite Duties on -	-	32.	53.	*72

Importation of, allowed from the

East Indies and other Places ; and the Importation thereof into Ireland confined to VefTds of Seventy Tons Burthen and upwards - 74 Tranfportation of Offenders* enlarging and continuing the Powers of 56 G. 3. concerning -	101

Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right, abolished -	-	-	46

Veftries (Parifh), amending 58 G. 3. for regmating	-	.85

Wager of Battel in Writs of Right, abolifhed	-	-	46

Wages of Seamen in the Merchants’ Service, for facilitating the Recovery of	-	58

Wages, extending 55 G. 3. for Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to intestate Baftards - Cap. 59 Warden of the Fleet, for facilitating Proceedings against, in Vacation 64 Waterloo Sublcription Fund, enabling CommifIioner8 for the Redu&ion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities in Aid of -	34

Wellington (Duke of,), amending several A&s for purchasing an Eftate for

21

-----explaining 55 G.3. for pur-

chafing an Eftate for -	63

Westminster, Expences of Huftings and Poll Clerks	2

Whale Fifhery (Southern), continuing premiums to VeiTels employed in

”3

Wool, continuing 46 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation of, from the Bntifh Plantations in North America -	-	-	18

Worcester, enabling the Sale of certain lands there, discharged of Claims of the Crown	-	-	*37

